<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1273813_0001273813-16-000102_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52478278</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>638980</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2779951</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>20027438</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>23430246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4704754</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>200</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001273813-16-000102.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104084821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001273813-16-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASSURED GUARANTY LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001273813
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURETY INSURANCE [6351]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32141
		FILM NUMBER:		161973753

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 WOOD BOURNE AVE
		CITY:			HAMILTON BERMUDA
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		441-279-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 WOOD BOURNE AVE
		CITY:			HAMILTON BERMUDA
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			0000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGR LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGC HOLDINGS LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001273813-16-000102.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 gaapago-09x30x2016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ____________________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 

For the transition Period from              to                  
  Commission File No. 001-32141    
  ASSURED GUARANTY LTD. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

30 Woodbourne Avenue 
  Hamilton HM 08 
  Bermuda 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (441) 279-5700 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes   o   No   x 
  The number of registrant s Common Shares ($0.01 par value) outstanding as of November 1, 2016 was   130,375,131   (includes   58,858   unvested restricted shares).                 

Table of Contents  

ASSURED GUARANTY LTD. 
    
  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

PART I.    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
    
  (dollars in millions except per share and share amounts)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
    
  (dollars in millions except per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
    
  (in millions) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity (unaudited) 
    
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016    
    
  (dollars in millions, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
    
  (in millions) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
    
  September 30, 2016 

1. 
    Business and Basis of Presentation 
       
  Business 
    
  Assured Guaranty Ltd. ( AGL  and, together with its subsidiaries,  Assured Guaranty  or the  Company ) is a Bermuda-based holding company that provides, through its operating subsidiaries, credit protection products to the United States ( U.S. ) and international public finance (including infrastructure) and structured finance markets. The Company applies its credit underwriting judgment, risk management skills and capital markets experience to offer financial guaranty insurance that protects holders of debt instruments and other monetary obligations from defaults in scheduled payments.  If an obligor defaults on a scheduled payment due on an obligation, including a scheduled principal or interest payment ( debt service ), the Company is required under its unconditional and irrevocable financial guaranty to pay the amount of the shortfall to the holder of the obligation. The Company markets its financial guaranty insurance directly to issuers and underwriters of public finance and structured finance securities as well as to investors in such obligations. The Company guarantees obligations issued principally in the U.S. and the United Kingdom ("U.K."), and also guarantees obligations issued in other countries and regions, including Australia and Western Europe. 
    
  In the past, the Company sold credit protection by issuing policies that guaranteed payment obligations under credit derivatives, primarily credit default swaps ("CDS"). Financial guaranty contracts accounted for as credit derivatives are generally structured such that the circumstances giving rise to the Company s obligation to make loss payments are similar to those for financial guaranty insurance contracts. The Company s credit derivative transactions are governed by International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. ( ISDA ) documentation. The Company has not entered into any new CDS in order to sell credit protection since the beginning of 2009, when regulatory guidelines were issued that limited the terms under which such protection could be sold. The capital and margin requirements applicable under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act also contributed to the Company not entering into such new CDS since 2009. The Company actively pursues opportunities to terminate existing CDS, which have the effect of reducing future fair value volatility in income and/or reducing rating agency capital charges. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments that are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair statement of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated variable interest entities ( VIEs ) for the periods presented. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements are as of   September 30, 2016   and cover the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   ("  Third Quarter 2016  "), the three-month period ended   September 30, 2015   ("  Third Quarter 2015  "), the nine-month period ended   September 30, 2016   ("  Nine Months 2016  ") and the nine-month period ended   September 30, 2015   ("  Nine Months 2015  "). Certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, but is not required for interim reporting purposes, has been condensed or omitted. The year-end balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements. 
    
  The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of AGL, its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the  Subsidiaries ), and its consolidated VIEs. Intercompany accounts and transactions between and among all consolidated entities have been eliminated. Certain prior year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. 
    
  These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in AGL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

6 

     Table of Contents  

The Company's principal insurance company subsidiaries are: 

Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. ("AGM"), domiciled in New York; 
                
    Municipal Assurance Corp. ("MAC"), domiciled in New York;  
                
    Assured Guaranty Corp. ("AGC"), domiciled in Maryland;  
                
    Assured Guaranty (Europe) Ltd. ("AGE"), organized in the United Kingdom; and  
                
    Assured Guaranty Re Ltd. ( AG Re ), domiciled in Bermuda.  
       
  The Company s organizational structure includes various holding companies,   two   of which - Assured Guaranty US Holdings Inc. ( AGUS ) and Assured Guaranty Municipal Holdings Inc. ( AGMH ) - have public debt outstanding. See Note 15, Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities and Note 18, Subsidiary Information. 
    
  Future Application of Accounting Standards 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which removes the current prohibition against immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory.  Under the ASU, the selling (transferring) entity is required to recognize a current income tax expense or benefit upon transfer of the asset.  Similarly, the purchasing (receiving) entity is required to recognize a deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability, as well as the related deferred tax benefit or expense, upon receipt of the asset.  The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, and early adoption is permitted.  The ASU s amendments are to be applied on a modified retrospective basis recognizing the effects in retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting this ASU. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force), which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The issues addressed in the new guidance include debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investments, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting this ASU. 
    
  Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
    
  In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .  The amendments in this ASU are intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations. The ASU requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions will use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates as a result of the ASU. While many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. The ASU requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users to better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization s portfolio.   
    
  In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The ASU makes targeted improvements to the existing  other than temporary  impairment model for certain available-for-sale debt securities to eliminate the concept of  other than temporary  from that model. Accordingly, the ASU states that an entity must use an allowance approach, must limit the allowance to an amount at which the security s fair value is less than its amortized cost basis, may not consider the length of time fair value has been less  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

than amortized cost, and may not consider recoveries in fair value after the balance sheet date when assessing whether a credit loss exists. For purchased financial assets with credit deterioration, the ASU requires an entity s method for measuring credit losses to be consistent with its method for measuring expected losses for originated and purchased non-credit-deteriorated assets. 
    
  The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For most debt instruments, entities will be required to record a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial position as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted.  The changes to the impairment model for available-for-sale securities and changes to purchased financial assets with credit deterioration are to be applied prospectively.  For the Company, this would be as of January 1, 2020.  Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods with those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting this ASU. 
    
  Share-Based Payments 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment  , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.  The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also will allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur.  The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted.  The Company does not expect that the ASU will have a material effect on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
    Acquisitions  
       
  Consistent with one of its key business strategies of supplementing its book of business through acquisitions, the Company has acquired   two   financial guaranty companies since January 1, 2015 and has entered into an agreement to acquire another financial guaranty company, as described below. 
    
  CIFG Holding Inc. 
       
  On July 1, 2016, AGC acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of CIFG Holding Inc. (together with its subsidiaries  CIFGH"), the parent of financial guaranty insurer CIFG Assurance North America, Inc. ("CIFG"), (the "CIFG Acquisition"), for   $450.6 million   in cash.  AGUS previously owned   1.6%     of the outstanding shares of CIFGH, for which it received     $7.1 million     in consideration from AGC, resulting in a net consolidated purchase price of     $443 million  . AGC merged CIFG with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company, on July 5, 2016.     The CIFG Acquisition added     $4.2 billion     of net par insured on July 1, 2016.  
    
  At the time of the CIFG Acquisition, CIFG had a subsidiary financial guaranty company domiciled and licensed in France, CIFG Europe S.A. ( CIFGE ). CIFG had reinsured all of CIFGE s outstanding financial guaranty business and also had issued a  second-to-pay policy  pursuant to which CIFG guaranteed the full and complete payment of any shortfall in amounts due from CIFGE on its insured portfolio; AGC assumed these obligations as part of the CIFG merger with and into AGC. CIFGE is in run-off, and remains a separate subsidiary, now owned by AGC. At   September 30, 2016  , CIFGE had investment assets of   $43 million   and gross par exposure of   $828 million  , and is not currently expected to pay dividends. 
    
  The CIFG Acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting which requires that the assets and liabilities acquired be recorded at fair value. The Company exercised significant judgment to determine the fair value of the assets it acquired and liabilities it assumed in the CIFG Acquisition. The most significant of these determinations related to the valuation of CIFGH's financial guaranty insurance and credit derivative contracts. On an aggregate basis, CIFGH's contractual premiums for financial guaranty contracts were less than the premiums a market participant of similar credit quality would demand to acquire those contracts at the date of the CIFG Acquisition (the "CIFG Acquisition Date"), particularly for below-investment-grade transactions, resulting in a significant amount of the purchase price being allocated to these contracts. For information on the methodology the Company used to measure the fair value of assets it acquired and liabilities it assumed in the CIFG Acquisition, including financial guaranty insurance and credit derivative contracts, please refer to Note 7, Fair Value Measurement.  

8 

     Table of Contents  

The fair value of the Company's stand-ready obligation on the CIFG Acquisition Date is recorded in unearned premium reserve. After the CIFG Acquisition Date, loss reserves and loss and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") will be recorded when the expected losses for each contract exceeds the remaining unearned premium reserve, in accordance with the Company's accounting policy described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. The expected losses acquired by the Company as part of the CIFG Acquisition are included in the description of expected losses to be paid under Note 5, Expected Losses to be Paid. 
    
  The excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the consideration transferred was recorded as a bargain purchase gain in "bargain purchase gain and settlement of pre-existing relationships" in net income. In addition, the Company and CIFG had pre-existing reinsurance relationships, which were also effectively settled at fair value on the CIFG Acquisition Date.  The loss on settlement of these pre-existing reinsurance relationships represents the net difference between the historical assumed balances that were recorded by AGC and the fair value of ceded balances acquired from CIFG. The Company believes the bargain purchase gain resulted from the nature of the financial guaranty business and the desire of investors in CIFGH to monetize their investments in CIFGH. The bargain purchase gain reflects the fair value of CIFGH s assets and liabilities, as well as tax attributes that were recorded in deferred taxes comprising net operating losses (after Internal Revenue Code change in control provisions) and other temporary book-to-tax differences for which CIFGH had recorded a full valuation allowance. 
       
  The following table shows the net effect of the CIFG Acquisition, including the effects of the settlement of pre-existing relationships.   

_____________________     
           (1) 
    The cash purchase price of   $443 million   was the cash transferred for the acquisition which was allocated as follows: (1)   $270 million   for the purchase of net assets of   $627 million  , and (2) the settlement of pre-existing relationships between CIFG and Assured Guaranty at a fair value of   $173 million  . 
     
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue and net income related to CIFGH from the CIFG Acquisition Date through   September 30, 2016   included in the consolidated statement of operations were approximately   $282 million   and   $308 million  , respectively. For   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016  , the Company recognized transaction expenses related to the CIFG Acquisition. These expenses were primarily driven by the fees paid to the Company's legal and financial advisors and to the Company's independent auditor. 
    
  CIFG Acquisition-Related Expenses  

The Company has determined that the presentation of pro-forma information is impractical for the CIFG Acquisition as historical financial records are not available on a U.S. GAAP basis.  
    
  Radian Asset Assurance Inc. 
    
  On April 1, 2015, AGC completed the acquisition ( Radian Asset Acquisition ) of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of financial guaranty insurer Radian Asset Assurance Inc. ( Radian Asset ) for   $804.5 million  . Radian Asset was merged with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company of the merger. The Radian Asset Acquisition added   $13.6 billion   to the Company's net par outstanding on April 1, 2015.   
    
  Please refer to Note 2, Acquisition of Radian Asset Assurance Inc., in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of AGL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information on the acquisition of Radian Asset, including the purchase price and the allocation of the purchase price to net assets acquired and the resulting bargain purchase gain and the gain on settlement of pre-existing relationships.  
    
  MBIA UK Insurance Limited  
    
  On September 29, 2016, Assured Guaranty Ltd. announced that its subsidiary AGC entered into an agreement to acquire MBIA UK Insurance Limited ("MBIA UK"), the European operating subsidiary of MBIA Insurance Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "MBIA"). The parties expect the transaction to close in early January 2017, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance that regulatory approvals will be obtained.  
       
  Under the agreement, AGC will deliver to MBIA all of the notes issued in the Zohar II 2005-1 transaction that AGC holds, and the seller, MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited, will transfer to AGC all of the outstanding shares of MBIA UK plus   $23 million   in cash. The Zohar notes to be transferred had, as of September 30, 2016, a total outstanding principal of approximately   $347 million  . MBIA Insurance Corporation insures all of the notes issued in the Zohar II 2005-1 transaction.   
    
       As of June 30, 2016, MBIA UK had an insured portfolio of approximately   $13 billion   of net par. Assured Guaranty currently plans to maintain MBIA UK as a stand-alone entity but could combine it with other European affiliates in the future.   

3.    Rating Actions  
    
  When a rating agency assigns a public rating to a financial obligation guaranteed by one of AGL s insurance company subsidiaries, it generally awards that obligation the same rating it has assigned to the financial strength of the AGL subsidiary that provides the guaranty. Investors in products insured by AGL s insurance company subsidiaries frequently rely on ratings published by the rating agencies because such ratings influence the trading value of securities and form the basis for many institutions  investment guidelines as well as individuals  bond purchase decisions. Therefore, the Company manages its business with the goal of achieving strong financial strength ratings. However, the methodologies and models used by rating agencies differ, presenting conflicting goals that may make it inefficient or impractical to reach the highest rating level. The methodologies and models are not fully transparent, contain subjective elements and data (such as assumptions about future market demand for the Company s products) and change frequently. Ratings are subject to continuous review and revision or withdrawal at any time. If the financial strength ratings of one (or more) of the Company s insurance subsidiaries were reduced  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

below current levels, the Company expects it could have adverse effects on the impacted subsidiary's future business opportunities as well as the premiums the impacted subsidiary could charge for its insurance policies.      
    
  The Company periodically assesses the value of each rating assigned to each of its companies, and as a result of such assessment may request that a rating agency add or drop a rating from certain of its companies. For example, the Kroll Bond Rating Agency ("KBRA") ratings were first assigned to MAC in 2013, to AGM in 2014, and to AGC in 2016, while the A.M. Best Company, Inc. ("Best") rating was first assigned to Assured Guaranty Re Overseas Ltd. ("AGRO") in 2015, and a Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") rating was never requested for MAC and was dropped from AG Re and AGRO in 2015. 
    
  In the last several years, S P Global Ratings, a division of Standard   Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S P") and Moody's have changed, multiple times, their financial strength ratings of AGL's insurance subsidiaries, or changed the outlook on such ratings. More recently, KBRA and Best have assigned financial strength ratings to some of AGL's insurance subsidiaries. The rating agencies' most recent actions related to AGL's insurance subsidiaries are: 

On September 20, 2016, KBRA assigned a financial strength rating of AA (stable outlook) to AGC. On July 8, 2016 and December 10, 2015, KBRA affirmed the AA+ (stable outlook) financial strength ratings of MAC and AGM, respectively.  

On August 8, 2016, Moody's affirmed the A2 (stable outlook) on AGM and AGE and A3 insurance financial strength rating on AGC and AGC's subsidiary Assured Guaranty (UK) Ltd. ("AGUK") raising the outlook to stable from negative. Effective April 8, 2015, at the Company's request, Moody s withdrew the financial strength ratings it had assigned to AG Re and AGRO.   

On July 27, 2016, S P affirmed the AA (stable) financial strength ratings of AGL's insurance subsidiaries. 

On May 27, 2016, Best affirmed the A+ (stable) financial strength rating, which is their second highest rating, of AGRO. 
       
  There can be no assurance that any of the rating agencies will not take negative action on their financial strength ratings of AGL's insurance subsidiaries in the future. 
    
  For a discussion of the effects of rating actions on the Company, see the following:   

Note 6, Financial Guaranty Insurance 
                
    Note 8, Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives  
                
    Note 13, Reinsurance and Other Monoline Exposures 
                
    Note 15, Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities 

4. 
    Outstanding Exposure  
       
  The Company s financial guaranty contracts are written in either insurance or credit derivative form, but collectively are considered financial guaranty contracts. The Company seeks to limit its exposure to losses by underwriting obligations that it views as investment grade at inception, although, as part of its loss mitigation strategy for existing troubled credits, it may underwrite new issuances that it views as below-investment-grade ("BIG"). The Company diversifies its insured portfolio across asset classes and, in the structured finance portfolio, requires rigorous subordination or collateralization requirements. Reinsurance may be used in order to reduce net exposure to certain insured transactions.  
    
       Public finance obligations insured by the Company consist primarily of general obligation bonds supported by the taxing powers of U.S. state or municipal governmental authorities, as well as tax-supported bonds, revenue bonds and other obligations supported by covenants from state or municipal governmental authorities or other municipal obligors to impose and collect fees and charges for public services or specific infrastructure projects. The Company also includes within public finance obligations those obligations backed by the cash flow from leases or other revenues from projects serving substantial public purposes, including utilities, toll roads, health care facilities and government office buildings. The Company also includes within public finance similar obligations issued by territorial and non-U.S. sovereign and sub-sovereign issuers and governmental authorities. 
    
  Structured finance obligations insured by the Company are generally issued by special purpose entities, including VIEs, and backed by pools of assets having an ascertainable cash flow or market value or other specialized financial obligations. Some of these VIEs are consolidated as described in Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities. Unless  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

otherwise specified, the outstanding par and debt service amounts presented in this note include outstanding exposures on VIEs whether or not they are consolidated. 
    
  Surveillance Categories  
    
  The Company segregates its insured portfolio into investment grade and BIG surveillance categories to facilitate the appropriate allocation of resources to monitoring and loss mitigation efforts and to aid in establishing the appropriate cycle for periodic review for each exposure. BIG exposures include all exposures with internal credit ratings below BBB-. The Company s internal credit ratings are based on internal assessments of the likelihood of default and loss severity in the event of default. Internal credit ratings are expressed on a ratings scale similar to that used by the rating agencies and are generally reflective of an approach similar to that employed by the rating agencies, except that the Company's internal credit ratings focus on future performance rather than lifetime performance.  
    
  The Company monitors its investment grade credits to determine whether any need to be internally downgraded to BIG and refreshes its internal credit ratings on individual credits in quarterly, semi-annual or annual cycles based on the Company s view of the credit s quality, loss potential, volatility and sector. Ratings on credits in sectors identified as under the most stress or with the most potential volatility are reviewed every quarter. The Company s credit ratings on assumed credits are based on the Company s reviews of low-rated credits or credits in volatile sectors, unless such information is not available, in which case, the ceding company s credit rating of the transactions are used. 
    
  Credits identified as BIG are subjected to further review to determine the probability of a loss.  See Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid, for additional information. Surveillance personnel then assign each BIG transaction to the appropriate BIG surveillance category based upon whether a future loss is expected and whether a claim has been paid. For surveillance purposes, the Company calculates present value using a discount rate of   4%   or   5%   depending on the insurance subsidiary. (Risk-free rates are used for calculating the expected loss for financial statement measurement purposes.) 
    
  More extensive monitoring and intervention is employed for all BIG surveillance categories, with internal credit ratings reviewed quarterly. The Company expects  future losses  on a transaction when the Company believes there is at least a   50%   chance that, on a present value basis, it will pay more claims in the future of that transaction than it will have reimbursed.  The three BIG categories are: 

BIG Category 1: Below-investment-grade transactions showing sufficient deterioration to make future losses possible, but for which none are currently expected.  

BIG Category 2: Below-investment-grade transactions for which future losses are expected but for which no claims (other than liquidity claims, which are claims that the Company expects to be reimbursed within   one   year) have yet been paid. 

BIG Category 3: Below-investment-grade transactions for which future losses are expected and on which claims (other than liquidity claims) have been paid.  
       
  Components of Outstanding Exposure 
    
  Unless otherwise noted, ratings disclosed herein on the Company's insured portfolio reflect its internal ratings. The Company classifies those portions of risks benefiting from reimbursement obligations collateralized by eligible assets held in trust in acceptable reimbursement structures as the higher of 'AA' or their current internal rating.  
    
  The Company purchases securities that it has insured, and for which it has expected losses to be paid, in order to 
  mitigate the economic effect of insured losses ("loss mitigation securities"). The Company excludes amounts attributable to loss mitigation securities (unless otherwise indicated) from par and debt service outstanding, because it manages such securities as investments and not insurance exposure. The following table presents the gross and net debt service for all financial guaranty contracts. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty 
  Debt Service Outstanding  

In addition to the financial guaranty debt service shown in the table above, the Company provides a structured capital relief Triple-X excess of loss life reinsurance on approximately   $275 million   of exposure as of   September 30, 2016   and   $0   as of   December 31, 2015  , which is expected to increase to approximately   $1 billion   prior to   September 30, 2036  . The Company also has mortgage guaranty reinsurance related to loans originated in Ireland on debt service of approximately   $38 million    as of   September 30, 2016  , and   $102 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Financial Guaranty Portfolio by Internal Rating (1) 
  As of September 30, 2016 

_____________________ 
     
           (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , excludes   $2.1 billion   of net par as a result of loss mitigation strategies, including loss mitigation securities held in the investment portfolio, which are primarily BIG.  

13 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty Portfolio by Internal Rating 
  As of December 31, 2015    

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    As of   December 31, 2015  , excludes   $1.5 billion   of net par as a result of loss mitigation strategies, including loss mitigation securities held in the investment portfolio, which are primarily BIG.  
       
  In addition to amounts shown in the tables above, the Company had outstanding commitments to provide guaranties of   $1.2 billion   for public finance obligations as of   September 30, 2016  . The expiration dates for the public finance commitments range between   October 1, 2016   and   February 25, 2017  , with   $918 million   expiring prior to the date of this filing. The commitments are contingent on the satisfaction of all conditions set forth in them and may expire unused or be canceled at the counterparty s request. Therefore, the total commitment amount does not necessarily reflect actual future guaranteed amounts. 
    
  Components of BIG Portfolio 
    
  Components of BIG Net Par Outstanding  
  (Insurance and Credit Derivative Form) 
  As of September 30, 2016 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Components of BIG Net Par Outstanding  
  (Insurance and Credit Derivative Form) 
  As of December 31, 2015    

BIG Net Par Outstanding 
  and Number of Risks 
  As of September 30, 2016 

15 

     Table of Contents  

BIG Net Par Outstanding 
  and Number of Risks 
  As of December 31, 2015 

_____________________ 
  (1)        Includes net par outstanding for VIEs. 
    
           (2) 
    A risk represents the aggregate of the financial guaranty policies that share the same revenue source for purposes of making debt service payments.         
       
  Exposure to Puerto Rico    
       
    The Company has insured exposure to general obligation bonds of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ( Puerto Rico  or the  Commonwealth ) and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations aggregating   $4.8 billion   net par as of   September 30, 2016  ,   all of which are rated BIG.    
    
    Puerto Rico has experienced significant general fund budget deficits in recent years. In addition to high debt levels, Puerto Rico faces a challenging economic environment; the economy has declined nearly every year since 2007, while the population has shrunk every year since 2006 as residents have emigrated.     
    
    On June 28, 2015, Governor Garc a Padilla of Puerto Rico (the "Governor") publicly stated that the Commonwealth s public debt, considering the current level of economic activity, was unpayable and that a comprehensive debt restructuring might be necessary.     
    
    On November 30, 2015 and December 8, 2015, the Governor issued executive orders ( Clawback Orders ) directing the Puerto Rico Department of Treasury and the Puerto Rico Tourism Company to retain or transfer certain taxes pledged to secure the payment of bonds issued by the Puerto Rico Highways and Transportation Authority ("PRHTA"), Puerto Rico Infrastructure Financing Authority ("PRIFA"), and Puerto Rico Convention Center District Authority ("PRCCDA"). On January 7, 2016, the Company sued various Puerto Rico governmental officials in the United States District Court, District of Puerto Rico, asserting that this attempt to  claw back  pledged taxes is unconstitutional, and demanding declaratory and injunctive relief. The Puerto Rico credits insured by the Company subject to the Clawback Orders are shown in the table  Puerto Rico Net Par Outstanding  below.    
    
    On January 1, 2016, PRIFA defaulted on payment of a portion of the interest due on its bonds on that date, resulting in a claim on the Company for those PRIFA bonds the Company insures. There have been additional payment defaults on this and other Puerto Rico credits since then, including, on July 1, 2016, a default on the payment of the Commonwealth s general obligation bonds. The Company has now paid claims on several Puerto Rico credits as shown in the table  Puerto Rico Net Par Outstanding  below.  
    
    On April 6, 2016, the Governor signed into law the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium   Financial Rehabilitation Act (the  Moratorium Act ). The Moratorium Act purportedly empowers the Governor to declare, entity by entity, states of emergencies and moratoriums on debt service payments on obligations of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations, as well as instituting a stay against related litigation, among other things. The Governor has used the authority of the Moratorium Act to take a number of actions related to issuers of obligations the Company insures.  National Public Finance Guarantee Corporation ("National") (another financial guarantor), holders of the Commonwealth general obligation bonds and certain Puerto Rico residents have filed suits to invalidate the Moratorium Act, and on July 21, 2016, the Company filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

stay of litigation imposed by the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act ( PROMESA ) to seek a declaration that the Moratorium Act is preempted by Federal bankruptcy law; that motion was denied on November 2, 2016, on procedural grounds. The PROMESA stay expires on February 15, 2017.     
    
    On June 13, 2016, the Supreme Court of the United States affirmed rulings of lower courts finding that the Puerto Rico Public Corporation Debt Enforcement and Recovery Act, which was enacted by Puerto Rico in June 2014 in order to provide a legislative framework for certain public corporations experiencing severe financial stress to restructure their debt, was preempted by the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and therefore void.    
    
    On June 30, 2016, PROMESA was signed into law by the President of the United States. PROMESA establishes a seven-member federal financial oversight board ( Oversight Board ) with authority to require that balanced budgets and fiscal plans be adopted and implemented by Puerto Rico. PROMESA provides a legal framework under which the debt of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations may be voluntarily restructured, and grants the Oversight Board the sole authority to file restructuring petitions in a federal court to restructure the debt of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations if voluntary negotiations fail, provided that any such restructuring must be in accordance with an Oversight Board approved fiscal plan that respects the liens and priorities provided under Puerto Rico law. PROMESA also appears to preempt at least portions of the Moratorium Act and appears to stay debt-related litigation, possibly including the Company s litigation regarding the Clawback Orders. On August 31, 2016, the President of the United States appointed the seven members of the Oversight Board.   
    
    The Oversight Board has begun meeting. Press reports indicate that the Oversight Board has set a target of mid-January 2017 for hiring an executive director and is considering intervening in certain litigation relating to the Moratorium Act or otherwise related to Puerto Rico s debt problems. On October 28, 2016, the Oversight Board filed a motion to intervene in the litigation noted above initiated by the Company on July 21, 2016, and seeking relief from the PROMESA stay. That motion was denied on November 1, 2016, without prejudice, on procedural grounds. The Oversight Board also may seek in the future to intervene in litigation initiated by the Company.    
    
  The final shape, timing and validity of responses to Puerto Rico s distress eventually enacted or implemented under the auspices of PROMESA and the Oversight Board or otherwise, and the impact of any such responses on obligations insured by the Company, is uncertain.    
    
    The Company groups its Puerto Rico exposure into three categories:    

Constitutionally Guaranteed.    The Company includes in this category public debt benefiting from Article VI of the Constitution of the Commonwealth, which expressly provides that interest and principal payments on the public debt are to be paid before other disbursements are made.    

Public Corporations   Certain Revenues Potentially Subject to Clawback.    The Company includes in this category the debt of public corporations for which applicable law permits the Commonwealth to claw back, subject to certain conditions and for the payment of public debt, at least a portion of the revenues supporting the bonds the Company insures. As a Constitutional condition to clawback, available Commonwealth revenues for any fiscal year must be insufficient to pay Commonwealth debt service before the payment of any appropriations for that year.  The Company believes that this condition has not been satisfied to date, and accordingly that the Commonwealth has not to date been entitled to clawback revenues supporting debt insured by the Company. As noted above, the Company sued various Puerto Rico governmental officials in the United States District Court, District of Puerto Rico asserting that Puerto Rico's recent attempt to  claw back  pledged taxes is unconstitutional, and demanding declaratory and injunctive relief.    

Other Public Corporations.    The Company includes in this category the debt of public corporations that are supported by revenues it does not believe are subject to clawback.    
       
  Constitutionally Guaranteed    
    
    General Obligation.      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $1,476 million     insured net par outstanding of the general obligations of Puerto Rico, which are supported by the good faith, credit and taxing power of the Commonwealth. On July 1, 2016, despite the requirements of Article VI of its Constitution but pursuant to an executive order issued by the Governor under the Moratorium Act, the Commonwealth defaulted on most of the debt service payment due that day, and the Company made its first claim payments on these bonds.    

17 

     Table of Contents  

Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority ( PBA ).      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $169 million     insured net par outstanding of PBA bonds, which are supported by a pledge of the rents due under leases of government facilities to departments, agencies, instrumentalities and municipalities of the Commonwealth, and that benefit from a Commonwealth guaranty supported by a pledge of the Commonwealth s good faith, credit and taxing power. On July 1, 2016, despite the requirements of Article VI of its Constitution but pursuant to an executive order issued by the Governor under the Moratorium Act, the PBA defaulted on most of the debt service payment due that day, and the Company made its first claim payments on these bonds.    
    
  Public Corporations - Certain Revenues Potentially Subject to Clawback    
    
    PRHTA.      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $918 million   insured net par outstanding of PRHTA (Transportation revenue) bonds and   $350 million   insured net par of PRHTA (Highways revenue) bonds. The transportation revenue bonds are secured by a subordinate gross pledge of gasoline and gas oil and diesel oil taxes, motor vehicle license fees and certain tolls, plus a first lien on up to   $120 million   annually of taxes on crude oil, unfinished oil and derivative products.   The highways revenue bonds are secured by a gross pledge of gasoline and gas oil and diesel oil taxes, motor vehicle license fees and certain tolls. The Clawback Orders cover Commonwealth-derived taxes that are allocated to PRHTA. The Company believes that such sources represented a substantial majority of PRHTA s revenues in 2015. The PRHTA bonds are subject to executive orders issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. As noted above, the Company filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the PROMESA stay to seek a declaration that the Moratorium Act is preempted by Federal bankruptcy law and that certain gubernatorial executive orders diverting PRHTA pledged toll revenues (which are not subject to the Clawback Orders) are preempted by PROMESA and violate the U.S. Constitution, and also seeking damages and injunctive relief.  That motion was denied on November 2, 2016, on procedural grounds. The PROMESA stay expires on February 15, 2017. There were sufficient funds in the PRHTA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 PRHTA debt service payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.    
    
    PRCCDA.     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $152 million     insured net par outstanding of PRCCDA bonds, which are secured by certain hotel tax revenues. These revenues are sensitive to the level of economic activity in the area and are subject to the Clawback Orders, and the bonds are subject to an executive order issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. There were sufficient funds in the PRCCDA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 PRCCDA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.     
    
    PRIFA.      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $18 million     insured net par outstanding of PRIFA bonds, which are secured primarily by the return to Puerto Rico of federal excise taxes paid on rum. These revenues are subject to the Clawback Orders and the bonds are subject to an executive order issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. The Company made its first claim payment on PRIFA bonds in January 2016, and has continued to make claim payments on PRIFA bonds.    
    
  Other Public Corporations    
    
    Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA").    As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $724 million   insured net par outstanding of PREPA obligations, which are payable from a pledge of net revenues of the electric system. 
    
  On December 24, 2015, AGM and AGC entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement ( RSA ) with PREPA, an ad hoc group of uninsured bondholders and a group of fuel-line lenders that would, subject to certain conditions, result in, among other things, modernization of the utility and a restructuring of current debt. Upon finalization of the contemplated restructuring transaction, insured PREPA revenue bonds (with no reduction to par or stated interest rate or extension of maturity) will be supported by securitization bonds issued by a special purpose corporation and secured by a transition charge assessed on ratepayers. To facilitate the securitization transaction and in exchange for a market premium, Assured Guaranty will issue surety insurance policies in an aggregate amount not expected to exceed   $113 million   (  $14 million   for AGC and   $99 million   for AGM) to support a portion of the reserve fund for the securitization bonds. Certain of the creditors also agreed, subject to certain conditions, to participate in a bridge financing, which was closed in two tranches on May 19, 2016 and June 22, 2016. AGM's and AGC's share of the bridge financing was approximately   $15 million   (  $2 million   for AGC and   $13 million   for AGM).    Legislation meeting the requirements of the RSA was enacted on February 16, 2016, and a transition charge to be paid by PREPA rate payers for debt service on the securitization bonds as contemplated by the RSA was approved by the Puerto Rico Energy Commission on June 20, 2016. The closing of the restructuring transaction and the issuance of the surety bonds are subject to certain conditions, including execution of acceptable documentation and legal opinions.    
    
  On July 1, 2016, PREPA made full payment of the   $41 million   of principal and interest due on PREPA revenue bonds insured by AGM and AGC. That payment was funded in part by AGM s purchase of   $26 million   of PREPA bonds maturing in 2020. Upon finalization of the RSA, these new PREPA revenue bonds will be supported by securitization bonds contemplated  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

by the RSA. In early 2016, PREPA repaid in full the   $74 million   in aggregate principal amount of PREPA revenue bonds purchased by AGM and AGC in July 2015 to replenish some of the operating funds PREPA used to make the July 2015 payments on the PREPA revenue bonds insured by AGM and AGC. 
    
    There can be no assurance that the conditions in the RSA will be met or that, if the conditions are met, the RSA's other provisions, including those related to the insured PREPA revenue bonds, will be implemented.  In addition, the impact of PROMESA and the Moratorium Act or any attempt to exercise the power purportedly granted by the Moratorium Act on the implementation of the RSA is uncertain. PREPA, during the pendency of the agreements, has suspended deposits into its debt service fund.    
    
    Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority ( PRASA ).     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $373 million     of insured net par outstanding to PRASA bonds, which are secured by the gross revenues of the water and sewer system. On September 15, 2015, PRASA entered into a settlement with the U.S.Department of Justice and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency that requires it to spend     $1.6 billion   to upgrade and improve its sewer system island-wide. According to a material event notice PRASA filed on March 4, 2016, PRASA owed its contractors   $140 million  .   The PRASA Revitalization Act, which establishes a securitization mechanism that could facilitate debt issuance, was signed into law on July 13, 2016. While certain bonds benefiting from a guarantee by the Commonwealth are subject to an executive order issued under the Moratorium Act, bonds insured by the Company are not subject to that order. There were sufficient funds in the PRASA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016, PRASA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.    
       
  Municipal Finance Agency ("MFA").     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $334 million   net par outstanding of bonds issued by MFA secured by a pledge of local property tax revenues. There were sufficient funds in the MFA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 MFA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.    
    
    Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation ( COFINA ).     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $271 million     insured net par outstanding of junior COFINA bonds, which are secured primarily by a second lien on certain sales and use taxes. There were no debt service payments due on July 1, 2016 on Company-insured COFINA bonds, and, as of the date of this filing, all payments on Company-insured COFINA bonds had been made.      
    
  University of Puerto Rico ( U of PR ).      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $1 million   insured net par outstanding of U of PR bonds, which are general obligations of the university and are secured by a subordinate lien on the proceeds, profits and other income of the University, subject to a senior pledge and lien for the benefit of outstanding university system revenue bonds. The U of PR bonds are subject to an executive order issued under the Moratorium Act. There were no debt service payments due on July 1, 2016 on Company-insured U of PR bonds, and, as of the date of this filing, all payments on Company-insured U of PR bonds had been made.     
    
  All Puerto Rico exposures are internally rated triple-C or below. The following tables show the Company s insured exposure to general obligation bonds of Puerto Rico and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations.  
    
  Puerto Rico  
  Gross Par and Gross Debt Service Outstanding 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Puerto Rico 
  Net Par Outstanding 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    As of the date of this filing, the Company has paid claims on these credits. 

The following table shows the scheduled amortization of the insured general obligation bonds of Puerto Rico and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations. The Company guarantees payments of interest and principal when those amounts are scheduled to be paid and cannot be required to pay on an accelerated basis.  In the event that obligors default on their obligations, the Company would only be required to pay the shortfall between the principal and interest due in any given period and the amount paid by the obligors.  

20 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization Schedule of Puerto Rico Net Par Outstanding 
  and Net Debt Service Outstanding  
  As of   September 30, 2016    

Exposure to Selected European Countries 
    
    The European countries where the Company has exposure and believes heightened uncertainties exist are: Hungary, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Turkey (collectively, the  Selected European Countries ). The Company added Turkey to its list of Selected European Countries as of June 30, 2016, as a result of the recent political turmoil in the country. The Company s direct economic exposure to the Selected European Countries (based on par for financial guaranty contracts and notional amount for financial guaranty contracts accounted for as derivatives) is shown in the following   table, net of ceded reinsurance.    
    
  Net Direct Economic Exposure to Selected European Countries(1) 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    While the Company s exposures are shown in U.S. dollars, the obligations the Company insures are in various currencies, primarily Euros.        
       
           (2) 
    Sub-sovereign exposure in Selected European Countries includes transactions backed by receivables from or supported by sub-sovereigns, which are governmental or government-backed entities other than the ultimate governing body of the country.      
       
            (3) 
    Non-sovereign exposure in Selected European Countries includes debt of regulated utilities, RMBS and diversified payment rights ("DPR") securitizations.     

21 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has excluded from the exposure tables above its indirect economic exposure to the Selected European Countries through policies it provides on pooled corporate and commercial receivables transactions. The Company calculates indirect exposure to a country by multiplying the par amount of a transaction insured by the Company times the percent of the relevant collateral pool reported as having a nexus to the country. On that basis, the Company has calculated exposure of   $175 million   to Selected European Countries (plus Greece) in transactions with   $3.4 billion   of net par outstanding. The indirect exposure to credits with a nexus to Greece is   $4 million   across several highly rated pooled corporate obligations with net par outstanding of   $165 million  .  
    
  The   $203 million     net insured par exposure in Turkey is to DPR securitizations sponsored by a major Turkish bank. These DPR securitizations were established outside of Turkey and involve payment orders in U.S. dollars, pounds sterling and Euros from persons outside of Turkey to beneficiaries in Turkey who are customers of the sponsoring  bank.  The sponsoring bank's correspondent banks have agreed to remit all such payments to a trustee-controlled account outside Turkey, where debt service payments for the DPR securitization are given priority over payments to the sponsoring bank.    

5. 
    Expected Loss to be Paid   
       
  Loss Estimation Process 
    
  This note provides information regarding expected claim payments to be made under all contracts in the insured portfolio, regardless of the accounting model. The Company s loss reserve committees estimate expected loss to be paid for all contracts by reviewing analyses that consider various scenarios with corresponding probabilities assigned to them. Depending upon the nature of the risk, the Company s view of the potential size of any loss and the information available to the Company, that analysis may be based upon individually developed cash flow models, internal credit rating assessments and sector-driven loss severity assumptions or judgmental assessments.    
    
  The financial guaranties issued by the Company insure the credit performance of the guaranteed obligations over an extended period of time, in some cases over   30 years  , and in most circumstances, the Company has no right to cancel such financial guaranties. The determination of expected loss to be paid is an inherently subjective process involving numerous estimates, assumptions and judgments by management, using both internal and external data sources with regard to frequency, severity of loss, economic projections, governmental actions, negotiations and other factors that affect credit performance. These estimates, assumptions and judgments, and the factors on which they are based, may change materially over a quarter, and as a result the Company s loss estimates may change materially over that same period.       
    
  The Company does not use traditional actuarial approaches to determine its estimates of financial guaranty expected losses. Actual losses will ultimately depend on future events or transaction performance and may be influenced by many interrelated factors that are difficult to predict. As a result, the Company's current projections of probable and estimable losses may be subject to considerable volatility and may not reflect the Company's ultimate claims paid. For information on the Company's loss estimation process, please refer to Note 5, Expected Losses to be Paid, of Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in AGL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

22 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present a roll forward of the present value of net expected loss to be paid for all contracts, whether accounted for as insurance, credit derivatives or financial guaranty ("FG") VIEs, by sector, after the benefit for expected recoveries for breaches of representations and warranties ("R W") and other expected recoveries. The Company used weighted average risk-free rates for U.S. dollar denominated obligations that ranged from   0.0%   to   2.42%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   0.0%   to   3.25%   as of   December 31, 2015  .   
    
  Net Expected Loss to be Paid 
  After Net Expected Recoveries for Breaches of R W 
  Roll Forward 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Net Expected Loss to be Paid 
  After Net Expected Recoveries for Breaches of R W 
  Roll Forward by Sector 
  Third Quarter 2016    

24 

     Table of Contents  

Net Expected Loss to be Paid 
  After Net Expected Recoveries for Breaches of R W 
  Roll Forward by Sector 
  Third Quarter 2015    

25 

     Table of Contents  

Net Expected Loss to be Paid 
  After Net Expected Recoveries for Breaches of R W 
  Roll Forward by Sector 
  Nine Months 2016    

26 

     Table of Contents  

Net Expected Loss to be Paid 
  After Net Expected Recoveries for Breaches of R W 
  Roll Forward by Sector 
  Nine Months 2015    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Net of ceded paid losses, whether or not such amounts have been settled with reinsurers. Ceded paid losses are typically settled   45 days   after the end of the reporting period. Such amounts are recorded in reinsurance recoverable on paid losses included in other assets. The Company paid   $3 million   and   $7 million   in LAE for   Third Quarter 2016    and   2015  , respectively, and   $12 million   and   $16 million   in     LAE for   Nine Months 2016    and   2015  , respectively.  

27 

     Table of Contents  

Future Net R W Recoverable (Payable)(1) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    The Company s agreements with R W providers generally provide that, as the Company makes claim payments, the R W providers reimburse it for those claims; if the Company later receives reimbursement through the transaction (for example, from excess spread), the Company repays the R W providers.   See the section  Breaches of Representations and Warranties  for information about the R W agreements and eligible assets held in trust with respect to such agreements.   When the Company projects receiving more reimbursements in the future than it projects paying in claims on transactions covered by R W settlement agreements, the Company will have a net R W payable.     

The following tables present the present value of net expected loss to be paid for all contracts by accounting model, by sector and after the benefit for expected recoveries for breaches of R W.   
    
  Net Expected Loss to be Paid (Recovered) 
  By Accounting Model 
  As of September 30, 2016 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Net Expected Loss to be Paid (Recovered) 
  By Accounting Model 
  As of December 31, 2015    

___________________ 
  (1)    Refer to Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities. 
    
  (2)    Refer to Note 8, Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives. 

29 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the net economic loss development for all contracts by accounting model, by sector and after the benefit for expected recoveries for breaches of R W.  
    
  Net Economic Loss Development (Benefit) 
  By Accounting Model 
  Third Quarter     2016    

30 

     Table of Contents  

Net Economic Loss Development (Benefit) 
  By Accounting Model 
  Third Quarter     2015    

31 

     Table of Contents  

Net Economic Loss Development (Benefit) 
  By Accounting Model 
  Nine Months     2016    

32 

     Table of Contents  

Net Economic Loss Development (Benefit) 
  By Accounting Model 
  Nine Months     2015    

_________________ 
  (1)    Refer to Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities. 
    
  (2)    Refer to Note 8, Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives. 

Selected U.S. Public Finance Transactions 
    
  The Company insures general obligation bonds of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations aggregating   $4.8 billion   net par as of   September 30, 2016  , all of which are BIG. For additional information regarding the Company's exposure to general obligations of Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations, please refer to "Exposure to Puerto Rico" in Note 4, Outstanding Exposure.  
    
  On February 25, 2015, a plan of adjustment resolving the bankruptcy filing of the City of Stockton, California under chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code became effective. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s net par subject to the plan consists of   $113 million   of pension obligation bonds. As part of the plan settlement, the City will repay the pension obligation bonds from certain fixed payments and certain variable payments contingent on the City's revenue growth.  
    
  The Company also has   $12.4 billion   of net par exposure to healthcare transactions. The BIG net par outstanding in this sector is   $246 million  .  
       
  The Company projects that its total net expected loss across its troubled U.S. public finance credits as of   September 30, 2016   including those mentioned above, which incorporated the likelihood of the various outcomes, will be   $816 million  , compared with a net expected loss of   $771 million   as of December 31, 2015. On July 1, 2016, the CIFG Acquisition  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

added   $40 million   in net economic losses to be paid for U.S. public finance credits. Economic loss development in   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016   was   $9 million   and   $218 million  , respectively, which was primarily attributable to Puerto Rico exposures. 
    
  Certain Selected European Country Sub-Sovereign Transactions 
    
  The Company insures and reinsures credits with sub-sovereign exposure to various Spanish and Portuguese issuers where a Spanish and Portuguese sovereign default may cause the sub-sovereigns also to default. The Company's exposure net of reinsurance to these Spanish and Portuguese credits is   $366 million   and   $80 million  , respectively. The Company rates most of these issuers in the BB category due to the financial condition of Spain and Portugal and their dependence on the sovereign. The Company's Hungary exposure is to infrastructure bonds dependent on payments from Hungarian governmental entities. The Company's exposure net of reinsurance to these Hungarian credits is   $252 million  , all of which is rated BIG. The Company estimated net expected losses of   $35 million   related to these Spanish, Portuguese and Hungarian credits. The economic benefit of approximately   $1 million   during   Third Quarter 2016   and approximately   $2 million   during   Nine Months 2016   was primarily related to changes in the exchange rate between the Euro and U.S. Dollar. 
    
  Approach to Projecting Losses in U.S. RMBS 
    
  The Company projects losses on its insured U.S. RMBS on a transaction-by-transaction basis by projecting the performance of the underlying pool of mortgages over time and then applying the structural features (i.e., payment priorities and tranching) of the RMBS and any R W agreements to the projected performance of the collateral over time. The resulting projected claim payments or reimbursements are then discounted using risk-free rates.  
    
  Third Quarter and Nine Months 2016 U.S. RMBS Loss Projections 
    
  Based on its observation during the period of the performance of its insured transactions (including early stage delinquencies, late stage delinquencies and loss severity) as well as the residential property market and economy in general, the Company chose to use the same general assumptions to project RMBS losses as of   September 30, 2016   as it used as of June 30, 2016. For Nine Months 2016, the Company chose to use the same general assumptions to project RMBS losses as of   September 30, 2016   as it used as of   December 31, 2015  , except it (1) increased severities for specific vintages of Alt-A first lien, Option ARM and subprime transactions, (2) decreased liquidation rates for certain vintages of subprime and (3) increased liquidation rates for second lien transactions based on observed data.  
    
  U.S. First Lien RMBS Loss Projections: Alt-A First Lien, Option ARM, Subprime and Prime 
    
       The majority of projected losses in first lien RMBS transactions are expected to come from non-performing mortgage loans (those that are or in the past twelve months have been   two   or more payments behind, have been modified, are in foreclosure, or have been foreclosed upon). Changes in the amount of non-performing loans from the amount projected in the previous period are one of the primary drivers of loss development in this portfolio. In order to determine the number of defaults resulting from these delinquent and foreclosed loans, the Company applies a liquidation rate assumption to loans in each of various non-performing categories. The Company arrived at its liquidation rates based on data purchased from a third party provider and assumptions about how delays in the foreclosure process and loan modifications may ultimately affect the rate at which loans are liquidated. Each quarter the Company reviews the most recent twelve months of this data and (if necessary) adjusts its liquidation rates based on its observations. The following table shows liquidation assumptions for various non-performing categories. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

First Lien Liquidation Rates 

While the Company uses liquidation rates as described above to project defaults of non-performing loans (including current loans modified or delinquent within the last 12 months), it projects defaults on presently current loans by applying a conditional default rate ("CDR") trend. The start of that CDR trend is based on the defaults the Company projects will emerge from currently nonperforming, recently nonperforming and modified loans. The total amount of expected defaults from the non-performing loans is translated into a constant CDR (  i.e  ., the CDR plateau), which, if applied for each of the next   36   months, would be sufficient to produce approximately the amount of defaults that were calculated to emerge from the various delinquency categories. The CDR thus calculated individually on the delinquent collateral pool for each RMBS is then used as the starting point for the CDR curve used to project defaults of the presently performing loans.  
    
  In the base case, after the initial   36  -month CDR plateau period, each transaction s CDR is projected to improve over   12   months to an intermediate CDR (calculated as   20%   of its CDR plateau); that intermediate CDR is held constant for   36   months and then trails off in steps to a final CDR of   5%   of the CDR plateau. In the base case, the Company assumes the final CDR will be reached   6.75 years   after the initial   36  -month CDR plateau period. Under the Company s methodology, defaults projected to occur in the first   36   months represent defaults that can be attributed to loans that were modified or delinquent in the last 12 months or that are currently delinquent or in foreclosure, while the defaults projected to occur using the projected CDR trend after the first   36   month period represent defaults attributable to borrowers that are currently performing or are projected to reperform.  

35 

     Table of Contents  

Another important driver of loss projections is loss severity, which is the amount of loss the transaction incurs on a loan after the application of net proceeds from the disposal of the underlying property. Loss severities experienced in first lien transactions have reached historically high levels, and the Company is assuming in the base case that these high levels generally will continue for another   18   months. The Company determines its initial loss severity based on actual recent experience. As a result, as of March 31, 2016, the Company updated severities for specific vintages of Alt-A first lien and subprime transactions based on observed data and as of June 30, 2016 the Company updated severities again for certain vintages of Alt-A, as well as Option ARM. The Company then assumes that loss severities begin returning to levels consistent with underwriting assumptions beginning after the initial   18   month period, declining to   40%   in the base case over   2.5   years.  

36 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows the range as well as the average, weighted by outstanding net insured par, for key assumptions used in the calculation of expected loss to be paid for individual transactions for direct vintage 2004 - 2008 first lien U.S. RMBS. 
    
  Key Assumptions in Base Case Expected Loss Estimates 
  First Lien RMBS(1) 

____________________ 
  (1)                                    Represents variables for most heavily weighted scenario (the  base case ). 
    
           (2)   
    For transactions where the initial CPR is higher than the final CPR, the initial CPR is held constant and the final CPR is not used. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

The rate at which the principal amount of loans is voluntarily prepaid may impact both the amount of losses projected (since that amount is a function of the CDR, the loss severity and the loan balance over time) as well as the amount of excess spread (the amount by which the interest paid by the borrowers on the underlying loan exceeds the amount of interest owed on the insured obligations). The assumption for the voluntary CPR follows a similar pattern to that of the CDR. The current level of voluntary prepayments is assumed to continue for the plateau period before gradually increasing over   12   months to the final CPR, which is assumed to be   15%   in the base case. For transactions where the initial CPR is higher than the final CPR, the initial CPR is held constant and the final CPR is not used. These CPR assumptions are the same as those the Company used for   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  In estimating expected losses, the Company modeled and probability weighted sensitivities for first lien transactions by varying its assumptions of how fast a recovery is expected to occur. One of the variables used to model sensitivities was how quickly the CDR returned to its modeled equilibrium, which was defined as   5%   of the initial CDR. The Company also stressed CPR and the speed of recovery of loss severity rates. The Company probability weighted a total of   five   scenarios as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company used a similar approach to establish its pessimistic and optimistic scenarios as of   September 30, 2016   as it used as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , increasing and decreasing the periods of stress from those used in the base case. 
    
  In a somewhat more stressful environment than that of the base case, where the CDR plateau was extended   six   months (to be   42   months long) before the same more gradual CDR recovery and loss severities were assumed to recover over   4.5   rather than   2.5   years (and subprime loss severities were assumed to recover only to   60%   and Option ARM and Alt A loss severities to only   45%  ), expected loss to be paid would increase from current projections by approximately   $12 million   for Alt-A first liens,   $6 million   for Option ARM,   $38 million   for subprime and   $0.1 million   for prime transactions.  
    
  In an even more stressful scenario where loss severities were assumed to rise and then recover over   nine   years and the initial ramp-down of the CDR was assumed to occur over   15   months and other assumptions were the same as the other stress scenario, expected loss to be paid would increase from current projections by approximately   $30 million   for Alt-A first liens,   $12 million   for Option ARM,   $51 million   for subprime and   $0.4 million   for prime transactions.  
    
  In a scenario with a somewhat less stressful environment than the base case, where CDR recovery was somewhat less gradual, expected loss to be paid would decrease from current projections by approximately   $5 million   for Alt-A first liens,   $21 million   for Option ARM,   $10 million   for subprime and   $15 thousand   for prime transactions. 
    
  In an even less stressful scenario where the CDR plateau was   six   months shorter (  30   months, effectively assuming that liquidation rates would improve) and the CDR recovery was more pronounced (including an initial ramp-down of the CDR over   nine   months), expected loss to be paid would decrease from current projections by approximately   $17 million   for Alt-A first liens,   $32 million   for Option ARM,   $33 million   for subprime and   $0.1 million   for prime transactions. 
    
  U.S. Second Lien RMBS Loss Projections 
    
  Second lien RMBS transactions include both home equity lines of credit ("HELOC") and closed end second lien. The Company believes the primary variable affecting its expected losses in second lien RMBS transactions is the amount and timing of future losses in the collateral pool supporting the transactions. Expected losses are also a function of the structure of the transaction; the voluntary prepayment rate (typically also referred to as CPR of the collateral); the interest rate environment; and assumptions about the draw rate and loss severity.  
    
  In second lien transactions the projection of near-term defaults from currently delinquent loans is relatively straightforward because loans in second lien transactions are generally  charged off  (treated as defaulted) by the securitization s servicer once the loan is   180   days past due. The Company estimates the amount of loans that will default over the next   six   months by calculating current representative liquidation rates. A liquidation rate is the percent of loans in a given cohort (in this instance, delinquency category) that ultimately default. Similar to first liens, the Company then calculates a CDR for   six   months, which is the period over which the currently delinquent collateral is expected to be liquidated. That CDR is then used as the basis for the plateau CDR period that follows the embedded   five   months of losses. Liquidation rates assumed as of   September 30, 2016   were from   25%   to   100%  , which were the same as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

38 

     Table of Contents  

For the base case scenario, the CDR (the  plateau CDR ) was held constant for   six   months. Once the plateau period has ended, the CDR is assumed to gradually trend down in uniform increments to its final long-term steady state CDR. (The long-term steady state CDR is calculated as the constant CDR that would have yielded the amount of losses originally expected at underwriting.) In the base case scenario, the time over which the CDR trends down to its final CDR is   28   months. Therefore, the total stress period for second lien transactions is   34   months, comprising   five   months of delinquent data, a   one   month plateau period and   28   months of decrease to the steady state CDR, the same as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  HELOC loans generally permit the borrower to pay only interest for an initial period (often   ten years  ) and, after that period, require the borrower to make both the monthly interest payment and a monthly principal payment, and so increase the borrower's aggregate monthly payment.  Some of the HELOC loans underlying the Company's insured HELOC transactions have reached their principal amortization period. The Company has observed that the increase in monthly payments occurring when a loan reaches its principal amortization period, even if mitigated by borrower relief offered by the servicer, is associated with increased borrower defaults. Thus, most of the Company's HELOC projections incorporate an assumption that a percentage of loans reaching their amortization periods will default around the time of the payment increase. These projected defaults are in addition to those generated using the CDR curve as described above. This assumption is similar to the one used as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . For   September 30, 2016   the Company used the same general approach as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  When a second lien loan defaults, there is generally a very low recovery. The Company had assumed as of   September 30, 2016   that it will generally recover only   2%   of the collateral defaulting in the future and declining additional amounts of post-default receipts on previously defaulted collateral. This is the same assumption used as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The rate at which the principal amount of loans is prepaid may impact both the amount of losses projected as well as the amount of excess spread. In the base case, an average CPR (based on experience of the past year) is assumed to continue until the end of the plateau before gradually increasing to the final CPR over the same period the CDR decreases. The final CPR is assumed to be   15%   for second lien transactions, which is lower than the historical average but reflects the Company s continued uncertainty about the projected performance of the borrowers in these transactions. For transactions where the initial CPR is higher than the final CPR, the initial CPR is held constant and the final CPR is not used. This pattern is generally consistent with how the Company modeled the CPR as of   June 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . To the extent that prepayments differ from projected levels it could materially change the Company s projected excess spread and losses. 
    
   The Company uses a number of other variables in its second lien loss projections, including the spread between relevant interest rate indices. These variables have been relatively stable and in the relevant ranges have less impact on the projection results than the variables discussed above. However, in a number of HELOC transactions the servicers have been modifying poorly performing loans from floating to fixed rates, and, as a result, rising interest rates would negatively impact the excess spread available from these modified loans to support the transactions.  The Company incorporated these modifications in its assumptions. 
    
  In estimating expected losses, the Company modeled and probability weighted   five   possible CDR curves applicable to the period preceding the return to the long-term steady state CDR. The Company used   five   scenarios at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company believes that the level of the elevated CDR and the length of time it will persist, the ultimate prepayment rate, and the amount of additional defaults because of the expiry of the interest only period, are the primary drivers behind the likely amount of losses the collateral will suffer. The Company continues to evaluate the assumptions affecting its modeling results. 
    
  Most of the Company's projected second lien RMBS losses are from HELOC transactions. The following table shows the range as well as the average, weighted by outstanding net insured par, for key assumptions for the calculation of expected loss to be paid for individual transactions for direct vintage 2004 - 2008 HELOCs. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Key Assumptions in Base Case Expected Loss Estimates 
  HELOCs (1)  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents variables for most heavily weighted scenario (the  base case ). 
       
           (2)   
    For transactions where the initial CPR is higher than the final CPR, the initial CPR is held constant and the final CPR is not used. 
       
  The Company s base case assumed a   six   month CDR plateau and a   28   month ramp-down (for a total stress period of   34   months). The Company also modeled a scenario with a longer period of elevated defaults and another with a shorter period of elevated defaults. Increasing the CDR plateau to   eight   months and increasing the ramp-down by   three   months to   31   months (for a total stress period of   39   months), and doubling the defaults relating to the end of the interest only period would increase the expected loss by approximately   $44 million   for HELOC transactions. On the other hand, reducing the CDR plateau to   four   months and decreasing the length of the CDR ramp-down to   25   months (for a total stress period of   29   months), and lowering the ultimate prepayment rate to   10%   would decrease the expected loss by approximately   $26 million   for HELOC transactions. 
    
  Breaches of Representations and Warranties 
    
  The Company entered into agreements with R W providers under which those providers made payments to the Company, agreed to make payments to the Company in the future, and / or repurchased loans from the transactions, all in return for releases of related liability by the Company.  
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a net R W payable of   $37 million   to R W counterparties, compared to an R W recoverable of   $79 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  The decrease represents improvements in underlying collateral performance and the termination of the Deutsche Bank agreement described below, partially offset by the addition of R W recoverable related to a RMBS insured by CIFG and still being pursued by the Company. The Company s agreements with providers of R W generally provide for reimbursement to the Company as claim payments are made and, to the extent the Company later receives reimbursements of such claims from excess spread or other sources, for the Company to provide reimbursement to the R W providers. When the Company projects receiving more reimbursements in the future than it projects to pay in claims on transactions covered by R W settlement agreements, the Company will have a net R W payable. Most of the amount projected to be received pursuant to agreements with R W providers benefits from eligible assets placed in trusts to collateralize the R W provider s future reimbursement obligation, with the amount of such collateral subject to increase or decrease from time to time as determined by rating agency requirements. Currently the Company has agreements with   two   counterparties where a future reimbursement obligation is collateralized by eligible assets held in trust:  

Bank of America  .  Under the Company's agreement with Bank of America Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries ( Bank of America ), Bank of America agreed to reimburse the Company for   80%   of claims on the first lien transactions covered by the agreement that the Company pays in the future, until the aggregate lifetime collateral losses (not insurance losses or claims) on those transactions reach   $6.6 billion  . As of   September 30, 2016   aggregate lifetime collateral losses on those transactions was   $4.5 billion  , and the Company was projecting in its base case that such collateral losses would eventually reach   $5.2 billion  . Bank of America's reimbursement obligation is secured by   $593 million   of collateral held in trust for the Company's benefit. 

UBS.    Under the Company s agreement with UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. and affiliates ( UBS ), UBS agreed to reimburse the Company for   85%   of future losses on   three   first lien RMBS transactions, and such reimbursement obligation is secured by   $38 million   of collateral held in trust for the Company's benefit. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

Under the Company's previous agreement with Deutsche Bank AG and certain of its affiliates (collectively,  Deutsche Bank ), Deutsche Bank agreed to reimburse the Company for certain claims it pays in the future on   eight   first and second lien transactions, including   80%   of claims it pays on those transactions until the aggregate lifetime claims (before reimbursement) reach   $319 million  .  In May 2016, Deutsche Bank's reimbursement obligations under the May 2012 agreement were terminated in return for a cash payment to the Company. 
    
  The Company uses the same RMBS projection scenarios and weightings to project its future R W benefit as it uses to project RMBS losses on its portfolio. To the extent the Company increases its loss projections, the R W benefit generally will also increase, subject to the agreement limits and thresholds described above. Similarly, to the extent the Company decreases its loss projections, the R W benefit generally will also decrease, subject to the agreement limits and thresholds described above. 
    
  Triple-X Life Insurance Transactions 
    
  The Company had   $2.1 billion   of net par exposure to financial guaranty Triple-X life insurance transactions as of   September 30, 2016  .   Two   of these transactions, with   $126 million   of net par outstanding, are rated BIG. The Triple-X life insurance transactions are based on discrete blocks of individual life insurance business. In older vintage Triple-X life insurance transactions, which include the   two   BIG-rated transactions, the amounts raised by the sale of the notes insured by the Company were used to capitalize a special purpose vehicle that provides reinsurance to a life insurer or reinsurer. The amounts are invested at inception in accounts managed by third-party investment managers. In the case of the two BIG-rated transactions, material amounts of their assets were invested in U.S. RMBS. Based on its analysis of the information currently available, including estimates of future investment performance, and projected credit impairments on the invested assets and performance of the blocks of life insurance business at   September 30, 2016  , the Company s projected net expected loss to be paid is   $54 million  . The economic benefit during   Third Quarter 2016   was approximately   $23 million  , which was due primarily to a benefit resulting from the purchase of a portion of an insured obligation to mitigate loss, changes in interest rates and updates to the projected asset cash flows. The economic benefit during   Nine Months 2016   was approximately   $21 million  , which was due primarily to benefit resulting from a purchase of a portion of an insured obligation to mitigate loss, changes in discount rates and updates to the projected life insurance cash flows. 
    
  Student Loan Transactions 
    
  The Company has insured or reinsured   $1.4 billion   net par of student loan securitizations issued by private issuers and that it classifies as structured finance. Of this amount,   $109 million   is rated BIG. The Company is projecting approximately   $31 million   of net expected loss to be paid on these transactions. In general, the losses are due to: (i) the poor credit performance of private student loan collateral and high loss severities, or (ii) high interest rates on auction rate securities with respect to which the auctions have failed. The economic loss development during   Third Quarter 2016   was approximately flat. The economic benefit during   Nine Months 2016   was approximately   $15 million  , which was driven primarily by the commutation of certain assumed student loan exposures earlier in the year.  
    
  TruPS and other structured finance 
    
  The Company's TruPS sector has BIG par of   $555 million   and all other structured finance BIG par totaled   $803 million  , comprising primarily transactions backed by perpetual preferred securities, commercial receivables and manufactured housing loans. The Company has expected loss to be paid of   $3 million   for TruPS and other structured finance transactions as of   September 30, 2016  . The economic benefit during   Third Quarter 2016   was   $2 million  , which was attributable primarily to improved performance of various credits. The economic benefit during   Nine Months 2016   was   $4 million  , which was attributable primarily to improved performance of various credits.   
    
  Recovery Litigation 
    
  Public Finance Transactions 
    
  On January 7, 2016, AGM, AGC and Ambac Assurance Corporation ( Ambac ) commenced an action for declaratory judgment and injunctive relief in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico to invalidate the executive orders issued by the Governor on November 30, 2015 and December 8, 2015 directing that the Secretary of the Treasury of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rico Tourism Company retain or transfer (in other words, "claw back") certain taxes and revenues pledged to secure the payment of bonds issued by the PRHTA, the PRCCDA and the PRIFA. The Commonwealth defendants filed a motion to dismiss the action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, which the Court denied on October 4, 2016. On October 14, 2016, the Commonwealth defendants filed a notice of PROMESA automatic stay. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

On July 21, 2016, AGC and AGM filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the stay provided by PROMESA. Upon a grant of relief from the PROMESA stay, the lawsuit further seeks a declaration that the Moratorium Act is preempted by Federal bankruptcy law and that certain gubernatorial executive orders diverting PRHTA pledged toll revenues (which are not subject to the Clawback) are preempted by PROMESA and violate the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, it seeks damages for the value of the PRHTA toll revenues diverted and injunctive relief prohibiting the defendants from taking any further action under these executive orders. On October 28, 2016, the Oversight Board filed a motion seeking leave to intervene in the action, which motion was denied on November 1, 2016, without prejudice, on procedural grounds. On November 2, 2016, the Court denied AGC s and AGM s motion for relief from the PROMESA stay on procedural grounds. The PROMESA stay expires on February 15, 2017. 
    
  On November 1, 2013, Radian Asset commenced a declaratory judgment action in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi against Madison County, Mississippi and the Parkway East Public Improvement District to establish its rights under a contribution agreement from the County supporting certain special assessment bonds issued by the District and insured by Radian Asset (now AGC). As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $20 million   of such bonds were outstanding. The County maintained that its payment obligation is limited to   two years   of annual debt service, while AGC contended the County s obligations under the contribution agreement continue so long as the bonds remain outstanding. On April 27, 2016, the Court granted AGC's motion for summary judgment, agreeing with AGC's interpretation of the County's obligations. On May 11, 2016, the County filed a notice of appeal of that ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
    
  Triple-X Life Insurance Transactions 
    
  In December 2008 AGUK filed an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. ( JPMIM ), the investment manager for a triple-X life insurance transaction, Orkney Re II plc ("Orkney"), involving securities guaranteed by AGUK. The action alleges that JPMIM engaged in breaches of fiduciary duty, gross negligence and breaches of contract based upon its handling of the Orkney investments. After AGUK s claims were dismissed with prejudice in January 2010, AGUK was successful in its subsequent motions and appeals and, as of December 2011, all of AGUK s claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, gross negligence and contract were reinstated in full. On January 22, 2016, AGUK filed a motion for partial summary judgment with respect to one of its claims for breach of contract relating to a failure to invest in compliance with the Delaware insurance code.  Discovery was completed on February 22, 2016, and oral argument on the motion for partial summary judgment took place on August 16, 2016.  
    
  RMBS Transactions 
    
    On February 5, 2009, U.S. Bank National Association, as indenture trustee ("U.S. Bank ), CIFG, as insurer of the Class Ac Notes, and Syncora Guarantee Inc. ("Syncora"), as insurer of the Class Ax Notes, filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against GreenPoint Mortgage Funding, Inc. ("GreenPoint") alleging GreenPoint breached its representations and warranties with respect to the underlying mortgage loans in the GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-HE1 transaction.  On March 3, 2010, the court dismissed CIFG's and Syncora s causes of action on standing grounds. On December 16, 2013, GreenPoint moved to dismiss the remaining claims of U.S. Bank on the grounds that it too lacked standing.  U.S. Bank cross-moved for partial summary judgment striking GreenPoint s defense that U.S. Bank lacked standing to directly pursue claims against GreenPoint. On January 28, 2016, the court denied GreenPoint s motion for summary judgment and granted U.S. Bank s cross-motion for partial summary judgment, finding that as a matter of law U.S. Bank has standing to directly assert claims against GreenPoint.  On February 26, 2016, GreenPoint filed a notice of appeal of that decision but to date has not perfected its appeal. 
    
  On November 26, 2012, CIFG filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against JP Morgan Securities LLC ("JP Morgan") for material misrepresentation in the inducement of insurance and common law fraud, alleging that JP Morgan fraudulently induced CIFG to insure   $400 million   of securities issued by ACA ABS CDO 2006-2 Ltd. and   $325 million   of securities issued by Libertas Preferred Funding II, Ltd. On June 26, 2015, the Court dismissed with prejudice CIFG s material misrepresentation in the inducement of insurance claim and dismissed without prejudice CIFG s common law fraud claim. On September 24, 2015, the Court denied CIFG s motion to amend but allowed CIFG to re-plead a cause of action for common law fraud. On November 20, 2015, CIFG filed a motion for leave to amend its complaint to re-plead common law fraud. On April 29, 2016, CIFG filed an appeal to reverse the Court s decision dismissing CIFG s material misrepresentation in the inducement of insurance claim, and on October 4, 2016, the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York heard oral arguments on such appeal.  
    
    On January 15, 2013, CIFG filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against Goldman, Sachs   Co. ("Goldman") for material misrepresentation in the inducement of insurance and common law fraud, alleging that  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Goldman fraudulently induced CIFG to insure   $325 million   of Class A-1 Notes (the  Class A-1 Notes ) and to purchase   $10 million   of Class A-2 Notes (the  Class A-2 Notes ) issued by Fortius II Funding, Ltd. CDO. CIFG and Goldman agreed to separately arbitrate the issue of liability with respect to CIFG s purchase of the Class A-2 Notes, and on February 4, 2015, an arbitration panel awarded CIFG   $2.5 million   in damages. On September 11, 2015, CIFG filed an amended complaint to allege that the arbitration award collaterally estopped Goldman from disputing its liability for fraudulent inducement in respect of the Class A-1 Notes. On July 7, 2016, the Court heard oral argument on (i) the motion of AGC (as successor to CIFG) for partial summary judgment on the issue of Goldman s liability for material misrepresentation in the inducement of insurance and fraud with respect to the Class A-1 Notes policy and (ii) Goldman s motion to dismiss AGC s amended complaint. On October 20, 2016, AGC (as successor to CIFG) and Goldman reached a settlement of the action. 

6. 
    Financial Guaranty Insurance 
       
  Financial Guaranty Insurance Premiums 
    
  The portfolio of outstanding exposures discussed in Note 4, Outstanding Exposure, includes financial guaranty contracts that meet the definition of insurance contracts as well as those that meet the definition of a derivative under GAAP. Amounts presented in this note relate to financial guaranty insurance contracts, unless otherwise noted. See Note 8, Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives for amounts that relate to CDS and Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities for amounts that relate to FG VIEs. 
    
  Net Earned Premiums 

___________________ 

Components of Unearned Premium Reserve 

____________________ 
     
           (2) 
    See "Financial Guaranty Insurance Losses  Insurance Contracts' Loss Information" below for an explanation of "contra-paid". 

43 

     Table of Contents  

Gross Premium Receivable,  
  Net of Commissions on Assumed Business 
  Roll Forward 

____________________ 
     
  Foreign exchange translation relates to installment premium receivables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately   52%  ,   52%   and   50%   of installment premiums at   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Euro and British Pound Sterling. 
    
  The timing and cumulative amount of actual collections may differ from expected collections in the tables below due to factors such as foreign exchange rate fluctuations, counterparty collectability issues, accelerations, commutations and changes in expected lives. 
    
  Expected Collections of  
  Financial Guaranty Insurance Gross Premiums Receivable, 
  Net of Commissions on Assumed Business 
  (Undiscounted) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Excludes expected cash collections on FG VIEs of   $14 million  . 

44 

     Table of Contents  

Scheduled Financial Guaranty Insurance Net Earned Premiums 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Excludes scheduled net earned premiums on consolidated FG VIEs of   $93 million  . 

Selected Information for Financial Guaranty Insurance  
  Policies Paid in Installments 

45 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty Insurance Losses 
    
  Insurance Contracts' Loss Information 
    
  The following table provides information on loss and LAE reserves and salvage and subrogation recoverable, net of reinsurance. The Company used weighted average risk-free rates for U.S. dollar denominated financial guaranty insurance obligations that ranged from   0.0%   to   2.42%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   0.0%   to   3.25%   as of   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Loss and LAE Reserve and Salvage and Subrogation Recoverable 
  Net of Reinsurance  
  Insurance Contracts    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    See  Components of Net Reserves (Salvage)  table for loss and LAE reserve and salvage and subrogation recoverable components. 

46 

     Table of Contents  

Components of Net Reserves (Salvage) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Recorded as a component of reinsurance balances payable. 

The table below provides a reconciliation of net expected loss to be paid to net expected loss to be expensed. Expected loss to be paid differs from expected loss to be expensed due to: (i) the contra-paid which represent the claim payments made and recoveries received that have not yet been recognized in the statement of operations, (ii) salvage and subrogation recoverable for transactions that are in a net recovery position where the Company has not yet received recoveries on claims previously paid (having the effect of reducing net expected loss to be paid by the amount of the previously paid claim and the expected recovery),  but will have no future income effect (because the previously paid claims and the corresponding recovery of those claims will offset in income in future periods), and (iii) loss reserves that have already been established (and therefore expensed but not yet paid). 
    
  Reconciliation of Net Expected Loss to be Paid and 
  Net Expected Loss to be Expensed 
  Financial Guaranty Insurance Contracts 

As of  September 30, 2016 
        
    (in millions) 
      Net expected loss to be paid - financial guaranty insurance (1) 
    $ 
    977 
      
      Contra-paid, net  
    38 
      
      Salvage and subrogation recoverable, net of reinsurance 
    432 
      
      Loss and LAE reserve - financial guaranty insurance contracts, net of reinsurance 
    (1,003 
    ) 
      Other recoveries  
    5 
      
      Net expected loss to be expensed (present value) (2) 
    $ 
    449 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    See "Net Expected Loss to be Paid (Recovered) by Accounting Model" table in Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid. 

47 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a schedule of the expected timing of net expected losses to be expensed. The amount and timing of actual loss and LAE may differ from the estimates shown below due to factors such as accelerations, commutations, changes in expected lives and updates to loss estimates. This table excludes amounts related to FG VIEs, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Net Expected Loss to be Expensed  
  Financial Guaranty Insurance Contracts    

48 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the loss and LAE recorded in the consolidated statements of operations by sector for insurance contracts. Amounts presented are net of reinsurance. 
    
  Loss and LAE  
  Reported on the  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 

49 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides information on financial guaranty insurance contracts categorized as BIG.  
    
  Financial Guaranty Insurance  
  BIG Transaction Loss Summary 
  As of   September 30, 2016    

50 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty Insurance  
  BIG Transaction Loss Summary 
  As of   December 31, 2015     

____________________ 
           (1) 
    A risk represents the aggregate of the financial guaranty policies that share the same revenue source for purposes of making debt service payments. The ceded number of risks represents the number of risks for which the Company ceded a portion of its exposure. 
       
           (2) 
    Includes BIG amounts related to FG VIEs. 
       
           (3) 
    Includes excess spread. 
       
  Ratings Impact on Financial Guaranty Business 
    
  A downgrade of one of AGL s insurance subsidiaries may result in increased claims under financial guaranties issued by the Company, if the insured obligors were unable to pay. 
    
  For example, AGM has issued financial guaranty insurance policies in respect of the obligations of municipal obligors under interest rate swaps. AGM insures periodic payments owed by the municipal obligors to the bank counterparties. In certain cases, AGM also insures termination payments that may be owed by the municipal obligors to the bank counterparties. If (i) AGM has been downgraded below the rating trigger set forth in a swap under which it has insured the termination payment, which rating trigger varies on a transaction by transaction basis; (ii) the municipal obligor has the right to cure by, but has failed in, posting collateral, replacing AGM or otherwise curing the downgrade of AGM; (iii) the transaction documents include as a condition that an event of default or termination event with respect to the municipal obligor has occurred, such as the rating of the municipal obligor being downgraded past a specified level, and such condition has been met; (iv) the bank counterparty has elected to terminate the swap; (v) a termination payment is payable by the municipal obligor; and (vi) the municipal obligor has failed to make the termination payment payable by it, then AGM would be required to pay the termination payment due by the municipal obligor, in an amount not to exceed the policy limit set forth in the financial guaranty insurance policy. At AGM's current financial strength ratings, if the conditions giving rise to the obligation of AGM to make a termination payment under the swap termination policies were all satisfied, then AGM could pay claims in an amount not exceeding approximately   $191 million   in respect of such termination payments. Taking into consideration whether the  
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

rating of the municipal obligor is below any applicable specified trigger, if the financial strength ratings of AGM were further downgraded below "A" by S P or below "A2" by Moody's, and the conditions giving rise to the obligation of AGM to make a payment under the swap policies were all satisfied, then AGM could pay claims in an additional amount not exceeding approximately   $439 million   in respect of such termination payments. 
        
  As another example, with respect to variable rate demand obligations ("VRDOs") for which a bank has agreed to provide a liquidity facility, a downgrade of AGM or AGC may provide the bank with the right to give notice to bondholders that the bank will terminate the liquidity facility, causing the bondholders to tender their bonds to the bank. Bonds held by the bank accrue interest at a  bank bond rate  that is higher than the rate otherwise borne by the bond (typically the   prime rate   plus   2.00%       3.00%  , and capped at the lesser of   25%   and the maximum legal limit). In the event the bank holds such bonds for longer than a specified period of time, usually   90  -  180 days  , the bank has the right to demand accelerated repayment of bond principal, usually through payment of equal installments over a period of not less than   five years  . In the event that a municipal obligor is unable to pay interest accruing at the bank bond rate or to pay principal during the shortened amortization period, a claim could be submitted to AGM or AGC under its financial guaranty policy. As of   September 30, 2016  , AGM and AGC had insured approximately   $5.3 billion   net par of VRDOs, of which approximately   $0.3 billion   of net par constituted VRDOs issued by municipal obligors rated BBB- or lower pursuant to the Company s internal rating. The specific terms relating to the rating levels that trigger the bank s termination right, and whether it is triggered by a downgrade by one rating agency or a downgrade by all rating agencies then rating the insurer, vary depending on the transaction. 
    
  In addition, AGM may be required to pay claims in respect of AGMH s former financial products business if Dexia SA and its affiliates, from which the Company had purchased AGMH and its subsidiaries, do not comply with their obligations following a downgrade of the financial strength rating of AGM. Most of the guaranteed investment contracts ("GICs") insured by AGM allow the GIC holder to terminate the GIC and withdraw the funds in the event of a downgrade of AGM below A3 or A-, with no right of the GIC issuer to avoid such withdrawal by posting collateral or otherwise enhancing its credit. Each GIC contract stipulates the thresholds below which the GIC issuer must post eligible collateral, along with the types of securities eligible for posting and the collateralization percentage applicable to each security type. These collateralization percentages range from   100%   of the GIC balance for cash posted as collateral to, typically,   108%   for asset-backed securities. If the entire aggregate accreted GIC balance of approximately   $1.6 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   were terminated, the assets of the GIC issuers (which had an aggregate market value which exceed the liabilities by   $0.9 billion  ) would be sufficient to fund the withdrawal of the GIC funds. 

7. 
    Fair Value Measurement 
       
  The Company carries a significant portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., exit price). The price represents the price available in the principal market for the asset or liability. If there is no principal market, then the price is based on a hypothetical market that maximizes the value received for an asset or minimizes the amount paid for a liability (i.e., the most advantageous market).  
    
  Fair value is based on quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based on either internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including but not limited to yield curves, interest rates and debt prices or with the assistance of an independent third-party using a discounted cash flow approach and the third party s proprietary pricing models. In addition to market information, models also incorporate transaction details, such as maturity of the instrument and contractual features designed to reduce the Company s credit exposure, such as collateral rights as applicable. 
    
  Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Company s creditworthiness and constraints on liquidity. As markets and products develop and the pricing for certain products becomes more or less transparent, the Company may refine its methodologies and assumptions. During   Nine Months 2016  , no changes were made to the Company s valuation models that had or are expected to have, a material impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheets or statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
    
  The Company s methods for calculating fair value produce a fair value that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
    
  The categorization within the fair value hierarchy is determined based on whether the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent  
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

sources, while unobservable inputs reflect Company estimates of market assumptions. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes model inputs into three broad levels as follows, with Level 1 being the highest and Level 3 the lowest. An asset or liability s categorization is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation.  
    
  Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. The Company generally defines an active market as a market in which trading occurs at significant volumes. Active markets generally are more liquid and have a lower bid-ask spread than an inactive market. 
    
  Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and observable inputs other than quoted prices, such as interest rates or yield curves and other inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market inputs. 
    
  Level 3 Model derived valuations in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. Level 3 financial instruments also include those for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 
    
  Transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the period when the transfer occurs. The Company reviews the classification between Levels 1, 2 and 3 quarterly to determine whether a transfer is necessary. During the periods 
  presented, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. There were transfers of fixed-maturity securities from Level 2 into Level 3 during Third Quarter 2016 and Nine Months 2016 because of a lack of observability relating to the valuation inputs and collateral pricing. There were no transfers into or out Level 3 during Nine Months 2015. 
    
  Measured and Carried at Fair Value 
    
  Fixed-Maturity Securities and Short-Term Investments 
    
  The fair value of bonds in the investment portfolio is generally based on prices received from third party pricing services or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. The pricing services prepare estimates of fair value measurements using their pricing models, which include available relevant market information, benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, and sector groupings. Additional valuation factors that can be taken into account are nominal spreads and liquidity adjustments. The pricing services evaluate each asset class based on relevant market and credit information, perceived market movements, and sector news. The market inputs used in the pricing evaluation include: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, reference data and industry and economic events. Benchmark yields have in many cases taken priority over reported trades for securities that trade less frequently or those that are distressed trades, and therefore may not be indicative of the market. The extent of the use of each input is dependent on the asset class and the market conditions. Given the asset class, the priority of the use of inputs may change or some market inputs may not be relevant. Additionally, the valuation of fixed-maturity investments is more subjective when markets are less liquid due to the lack of market based inputs, which may increase the potential that the estimated fair value of an investment is not reflective of the price at which an actual transaction would occur.  
    
  Short-term investments, that are traded in active markets, are classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy and their value is based on quoted market prices. Securities such as discount notes are classified within Level 2 because these securities are typically not actively traded due to their approaching maturity and, as such, their cost approximates fair value. Short term securities that were obtained as part of loss mitigation efforts and whose prices were determined based on models, where at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable, are considered to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Annually, the Company reviews each pricing service s procedures, controls and models used in the valuations of the Company s investment portfolio, as well as the competency of the pricing service s key personnel.  In addition, on a quarterly basis, the Company holds a meeting of the internal valuation committee (comprised of individuals within the Company with market, valuation, accounting, and/or finance experience) that reviews and approves prices and assumptions used by the pricing services. 
    
  For Level 1 and 2 securities, the Company, on a quarterly basis, reviews internally developed analytic packages that highlight, at a CUSIP level, price changes from the previous quarter to the current quarter.  Where unexpected price movements are noted for a specific CUSIP, the Company formally challenges the price provided, and reviews all key inputs utilized in the third party s pricing model, and compares such information to management s own market information. 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

For Level 3 securities, the Company, on a quarterly basis: 

reviews methodologies, any model updates and inputs and compares such information to management s own market information and, where applicable, the internal models, 

reviews internally developed analytic packages that highlight, at a CUSIP level, price changes from the previous quarter to the current quarter, and evaluates, documents, and resolves any significant pricing differences with the assistance of the third party pricing source, and 

compares prices received from different third party pricing sources, and evaluates, documents the rationale for, and resolves any significant pricing differences. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company used models to price   83   fixed-maturity securities (primarily securities that were purchased or obtained for loss mitigation or other risk management purposes), which were   10.4%   or   $1,175 million   of the Company s fixed-maturity securities and short-term investments at fair value. Most Level 3 securities were priced with the assistance of an independent third-party. The pricing is based on a discounted cash flow approach using the third-party s proprietary pricing models. The models use inputs such as projected prepayment speeds;  severity assumptions; recovery lag assumptions; estimated default rates (determined on the basis of an analysis of collateral attributes, historical collateral performance, borrower profiles and other features relevant to the evaluation of collateral credit quality); home price appreciation/depreciation rates based on macroeconomic forecasts and recent trading activity. The yield used to discount the projected cash flows is determined by reviewing various attributes of the bond including collateral type, weighted average life, sensitivity to losses, vintage, and convexity, in conjunction with market data on comparable securities. Significant changes to any of these inputs could materially change the expected timing of cash flows within these securities which is a significant factor in determining the fair value of the securities. 
    
  Other Invested Assets 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , other invested assets include investments carried and measured at fair value on a recurring basis of   $56 million   and   $53 million  , respectively, and include primarily an investment in the global property catastrophe risk market and an investment in a fund that invests primarily in senior loans and bonds. Fair values for the majority of these investments are based on their respective net asset value ("NAV") per share or equivalent.  
     
  Other Assets 
    
  Committed Capital Securities 
    
  The fair value of committed capital securities ("CCS"), which is recorded in "other assets" on the consolidated balance sheets, represents the difference between the present value of remaining expected put option premium payments under AGC s CCS (the  AGC CCS ) and AGM s Committed Preferred Trust Securities (the  AGM CPS ) agreements, and the estimated present value that the Company would hypothetically have to pay currently for a comparable security (see Note 15, Long Term Debt and Credit Facilities). The AGC CCS and AGM CPS are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The estimated current cost of the Company s CCS is based on several factors, including AGM and AGC CDS spreads, the U.S. dollar forward swap curve, London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") curve projections and the term the securities are estimated to remain outstanding. 
    
     Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans 
    
  The Company classifies the fair value measurement of the assets of the Company's various supplemental executive retirement plans as either Level 1 or Level 2. The fair value of these assets is valued based on the observable published daily values of the underlying mutual fund included in the aforementioned plans (Level 1) or based upon the NAV of the funds if a published daily value is not available (Level 2).  The NAV are based on observable information. 

54 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives 
    
  The Company s credit derivatives consist primarily of insured CDS contracts, and also include interest rate swaps and hedges on other financial guarantors that fall under derivative accounting standards requiring fair value accounting through the statement of operations. The following is a description of the fair value methodology applied to the Company's insured credit default swaps that are accounted for as credit derivatives, which constitute the vast majority of the net credit derivative liability in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company did not enter into CDS with the intent to trade these contracts and the Company may not unilaterally terminate a CDS contract absent an event of default or termination event that entitles the Company to terminate such contracts;  however, the Company has mutually agreed with various counterparties to terminate certain CDS transactions. Such terminations generally are not completed at fair value but instead for an amount that approximates the present value of future premiums or for a negotiated amount. 
     
  The terms of the Company s CDS contracts differ from more standardized credit derivative contracts sold by companies outside the financial guaranty industry. The non-standard terms include the absence of collateral support agreements or immediate settlement provisions. In addition, the Company employs relatively high attachment points and does not exit derivatives it sells or purchases for credit protection purposes, except under specific circumstances such as mutual agreements with counterparties. Management considers the non-standard terms of its credit derivative contracts in determining the fair value of these contracts. 
    
  Due to the lack of quoted prices and other observable inputs for its instruments or for similar instruments, the Company determines the fair value of its credit derivative contracts primarily through internally developed, proprietary models that use both observable and unobservable market data inputs to derive an estimate of the fair value of the Company's contracts in its principal markets (see "Assumptions and Inputs").  There is no established market where financial guaranty insured credit derivatives are actively traded, therefore, management has determined that the exit market for the Company s credit derivatives is a hypothetical one based on its entry market. Management has tracked the historical pricing of the Company s deals to establish historical price points in the hypothetical market that are used in the fair value calculation. These contracts are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy since there is reliance on at least one unobservable input deemed significant to the valuation model, most importantly the Company s estimate of the value of the non-standard terms and conditions of its credit derivative contracts and of the Company s current credit standing. 
    
  The Company s models and the related assumptions are continuously reevaluated by management and enhanced, as appropriate, based upon improvements in modeling techniques and availability of more timely and relevant market information. 
    
  The fair value of the Company s credit derivative contracts represents the difference between the present value of remaining premiums the Company expects to receive or pay and the estimated present value of premiums that a financial guarantor of comparable credit-worthiness would hypothetically charge or pay at the reporting date for the same protection. The fair value of the Company s credit derivatives depends on a number of factors, including notional amount of the contract, expected term, credit spreads, changes in interest rates, the credit ratings of referenced entities, the Company s own credit risk and remaining contractual cash flows. The expected remaining contractual premium cash flows are the most readily observable inputs since they are based on the CDS contractual terms. Credit spreads capture the effect of recovery rates and performance of underlying assets of these contracts, among other factors. Consistent with previous years, market conditions at   September 30, 2016   were such that market prices of the Company s CDS contracts were not available.  
    
  Management considers factors such as current prices charged for similar agreements, when available, performance of underlying assets, life of the instrument, and the nature and extent of activity in the financial guaranty credit derivative marketplace. The assumptions that management uses to determine the fair value may change in the future due to market conditions. Due to the inherent uncertainties of the assumptions used in the valuation models, actual experience may differ from the estimates reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements and the differences may be material. 
    
  Assumptions and Inputs 
    
    The various inputs and assumptions that are key to the establishment of the Company s fair value for CDS contracts are as follows: 
    
     Gross spread. 
    
     The allocation of gross spread among: 
             
    the profit the originator, usually an investment bank, realizes for putting the deal together and funding the transaction ( bank profit  
     
   55 

     Table of Contents  

premiums paid to the Company for the Company s credit protection provided ( net spread  and 
                
    the cost of CDS protection purchased by the originator to hedge their counterparty credit risk exposure to the Company ( hedge cost ). 
       
     The weighted average life which is based on debt service schedules. 
    
  The rates used to discount future expected premium cash flows ranged from   0.87%   to   1.85%   at   September 30, 2016   and   0.44%   to   2.51%   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The Company obtains gross spreads on its outstanding contracts from market data sources published by third parties (e.g., dealer spread tables for the collateral similar to assets within the Company s transactions), as well as collateral-specific spreads provided by trustees or obtained from market sources. If observable market credit spreads are not available or reliable for the underlying reference obligations, then market indices are used that most closely resemble the underlying reference obligations, considering asset class, credit quality rating and maturity of the underlying reference obligations. These indices are adjusted to reflect the non-standard terms of the Company s CDS contracts. Market sources determine credit spreads by reviewing new issuance pricing for specific asset classes and receiving price quotes from their trading desks for the specific asset in question. Management validates these quotes by cross-referencing quotes received from one market source against quotes received from another market source to ensure reasonableness. In addition, the Company compares the relative change in price quotes received from one quarter to another, with the relative change experienced by published market indices for a specific asset class. Collateral specific spreads obtained from third-party, independent market sources are un-published spread quotes from market participants or market traders who are not trustees. Management obtains this information as the result of direct communication with these sources as part of the valuation process. 
    
  With respect to CDS transactions for which there is an expected claim payment within the next twelve months, the allocation of gross spread reflects a higher allocation to the cost of credit rather than the bank profit component. In the current market, it is assumed that a bank would be willing to accept a lower profit on distressed transactions in order to remove these transactions from its financial statements. 
    
  The following spread hierarchy is utilized in determining which source of gross spread to use, with the rule being to use CDS spreads where available. If not available, CDS spreads are either interpolated or extrapolated based on similar transactions or market indices. 

Actual collateral specific credit spreads (if up-to-date and reliable market-based spreads are available). 

Deals priced or closed during a specific quarter within a specific asset class and specific rating. No transactions closed during the periods presented. 

Credit spreads interpolated based upon market indices. 

Credit spreads provided by the counterparty of the CDS. 

Credit spreads extrapolated based upon transactions of similar asset classes, similar ratings, and similar time to maturity. 
       
  Information by Credit Spread Type (1) 

____________________ 
  (1)    Based on par. 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Over time the data inputs can change as new sources become available or existing sources are discontinued or are no longer considered to be the most appropriate. It is the Company s objective to move to higher levels on the hierarchy whenever possible, but it is sometimes necessary to move to lower priority inputs because of discontinued data sources or management s assessment that the higher priority inputs are no longer considered to be representative of market spreads for a given type of collateral. This can happen, for example, if transaction volume changes such that a previously used spread index is no longer viewed as being reflective of current market levels. 
    
  The Company interpolates a curve based on the historical relationship between the premium the Company receives when a credit derivative is closed to the daily closing price of the market index related to the specific asset class and rating of the deal. This curve indicates expected credit spreads at each indicative level on the related market index. For transactions with unique terms or characteristics where no price quotes are available, management extrapolates credit spreads based on a similar transaction for which the Company has received a spread quote from one of the first   three   sources within the Company s spread hierarchy. This alternative transaction will be within the same asset class, have similar underlying assets, similar credit ratings, and similar time to maturity. The Company then calculates the percentage of relative spread change quarter over quarter for the alternative transaction. This percentage change is then applied to the historical credit spread of the transaction for which no price quote was received in order to calculate the transactions  current spread. Counterparties determine credit spreads by reviewing new issuance pricing for specific asset classes and receiving price quotes from their trading desks for the specific asset in question. These quotes are validated by cross-referencing quotes received from one market source with those quotes received from another market source to ensure reasonableness. 
    
  The premium the Company receives is referred to as the  net spread.  The Company s pricing model takes into account not only how credit spreads on risks that it assumes affect pricing, but also how the Company s own credit spread affects the pricing of its deals. The Company s own credit risk is factored into the determination of net spread based on the impact of changes in the quoted market price for credit protection bought on the Company, as reflected by quoted market prices on CDS referencing AGC or AGM. For credit spreads on the Company s name the Company obtains the quoted price of CDS contracts traded on AGC and AGM from market data sources published by third parties. The cost to acquire CDS protection referencing AGC or AGM affects the amount of spread on CDS deals that the Company retains and, hence, their fair value. As the cost to acquire CDS protection referencing AGC or AGM increases, the amount of premium the Company retains on a deal generally decreases. As the cost to acquire CDS protection referencing AGC or AGM decreases, the amount of premium the Company retains on a deal generally increases. In the Company s valuation model, the premium the Company captures is not permitted to go below the minimum rate that the Company would currently charge to assume similar risks. This assumption can have the effect of mitigating the amount of unrealized gains that are recognized on certain CDS contracts. Given the current market conditions and the Company s own credit spreads, approximately   25%  ,   16%     a  nd   20%   based on number of deals, of the Company's CDS contracts are fair valued using this minimum premium as of   September 30, 2016  , June 30, 2016 and    December 31, 2015  , respectively. The percentage of deals that price using the minimum premiums fluctuates due to changes in AGM's and AGC's credit spreads. In general when AGM's and AGC's credit spreads narrow, the cost to hedge AGM's and AGC's name declines and more transactions price above previously established floor levels. Meanwhile, when AGM's and AGC's credit spreads widen, the cost to hedge AGM's and AGC's name increases causing more transactions to price at previously established floor levels. The Company corroborates the assumptions in its fair value model, including the portion of exposure to AGC and AGM hedged by its counterparties, with independent third parties each reporting period. The current level of AGC s and AGM s own credit spread has resulted in the bank or deal originator hedging a significant portion of its exposure to AGC and AGM. This reduces the amount of contractual cash flows AGC and AGM can capture as premium for selling its protection. 
    
  The amount of premium a financial guaranty insurance market participant can demand is inversely related to the cost of credit protection on the insurance company as measured by market credit spreads assuming all other assumptions remain constant. This is because the buyers of credit protection typically hedge a portion of their risk to the financial guarantor, due to the fact that the contractual terms of the Company's contracts typically do not require the posting of collateral by the guarantor. The extent of the hedge depends on the types of instruments insured and the current market conditions. 
    
  A fair value resulting in a credit derivative asset on protection sold is the result of contractual cash inflows on in-force deals in excess of what a hypothetical financial guarantor could receive if it sold protection on the same risk as of the reporting date. If the Company were able to freely exchange these contracts (i.e., assuming its contracts did not contain proscriptions on transfer and there was a viable exchange market), it would be able to realize a gain representing the difference between the higher contractual premiums to which it is entitled and the current market premiums for a similar contract. The Company determines the fair value of its CDS contracts by applying the difference between the current net spread and the contractual net spread for the remaining duration of each contract to the notional value of its CDS contracts and taking the present value of such amounts discounted at the corresponding LIBOR over the weighted average remaining life of the contract. 

57 

     Table of Contents  

Example 
    
  The following is an example of how changes in gross spreads, the Company s own credit spread and the cost to buy protection on the Company affect the amount of premium the Company can demand for its credit protection. The assumptions used in these examples are hypothetical amounts. Scenario 1 represents the market conditions in effect on the transaction date and Scenario 2 represents market conditions at a subsequent reporting date. 

In Scenario 1, the gross spread is   185   basis points. The bank or deal originator captures   115   basis points of the original gross spread and hedges   10%   of its exposure to AGC, when the CDS spread on AGC was   300   basis points (  300   basis points     10%   =   30   basis points). Under this scenario the Company receives premium of   40   basis points, or   22%   of the gross spread. 
    
  In Scenario 2, the gross spread is   500   basis points. The bank or deal originator captures   50   basis points of the original gross spread and hedges   25%   of its exposure to AGC, when the CDS spread on AGC was   1,760   basis points (  1,760   basis points     25%   =   440   basis points). Under this scenario the Company would receive premium of   10   basis points, or   2%   of the gross spread. Due to the increased cost to hedge AGC s name, the amount of profit the bank would expect to receive, and the premium the Company would expect to receive decline significantly. 
    
  In this example, the contractual cash flows (the Company premium received per annum above) exceed the amount a market participant would require the Company to pay in today s market to accept its obligations under the CDS contract, thus resulting in an asset.  
    
  Strengths and Weaknesses of Model 
    
  The Company s credit derivative valuation model, like any financial model, has certain strengths and weaknesses. 
    
  The primary strengths of the Company s CDS modeling techniques are: 

The model takes into account the transaction structure and the key drivers of market value. The transaction structure includes par insured, weighted average life, level of subordination and composition of collateral. 

The model maximizes the use of market-driven inputs whenever they are available. The key inputs to the model are market-based spreads for the collateral, and the credit rating of referenced entities. These are viewed by the Company to be the key parameters that affect fair value of the transaction. 

The model is a consistent approach to valuing positions. The Company has developed a hierarchy for market-based spread inputs that helps mitigate the degree of subjectivity during periods of high illiquidity. 
       
  The primary weaknesses of the Company s CDS modeling techniques are: 

There is no exit market or actual exit transactions. Therefore the Company s exit market is a hypothetical one based on the Company s entry market. 

There is a very limited market in which to validate the reasonableness of the fair values developed by the Company s model. 

The markets for the inputs to the model were highly illiquid, which impacts their reliability. 

Due to the non-standard terms under which the Company enters into derivative contracts, the fair value of its credit derivatives may not reflect the same prices observed in an actively traded market of credit derivatives that do not contain terms and conditions similar to those observed in the financial guaranty market. 

58 

     Table of Contents  

These contracts were classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because there is a reliance on at least one unobservable input deemed significant to the valuation model, most significantly the Company's estimate of the value of non-standard terms and conditions of its credit derivative contracts and amount of protection purchased on AGC or AGM's name. 
    
  Fair Value Option on FG VIEs  Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The Company elected the fair value option for all the FG VIEs  assets and liabilities. See Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities. 
    
  The FG VIEs issued securities collateralized by first lien and second lien RMBS as well as loans and receivables. The lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of these assets and liabilities was a Level 3 input (i.e., unobservable), therefore management classified them as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Prices are generally determined with the assistance of an independent third-party, based on a discounted cash flow approach. 
    
  The models to price the FG VIEs  liabilities used, where appropriate, inputs such as estimated prepayment speeds; market values of the assets that collateralize the securities; estimated default rates (determined on the basis of an analysis of collateral attributes, historical collateral performance, borrower profiles and other features relevant to the evaluation of collateral credit quality); yields implied by market prices for similar securities; house price depreciation/appreciation rates based on macroeconomic forecasts and, for those liabilities insured by the Company, the benefit from the Company s insurance policy guaranteeing the timely payment of principal and interest, taking into account the timing of the potential default and the Company s own credit rating. The third-party also utilizes an internal model to determine an appropriate yield at which to discount the cash flows of the security, by factoring in collateral types, weighted-average lives, and other structural attributes specific to the security being priced. The expected yield is further calibrated by utilizing algorithms designed to aggregate market color, received by the third-party, on comparable bonds.    
    
  The fair value of the Company s FG VIE assets is generally sensitive to changes related to estimated prepayment speeds; estimated default rates (determined on the basis of an analysis of collateral attributes such as: historical collateral performance, borrower profiles and other features relevant to the evaluation of collateral credit quality); discount rates implied by market prices for similar securities; and house price depreciation/appreciation rates based on macroeconomic forecasts. Significant changes to some of these inputs could materially change the market value of the FG VIE s assets and the implied collateral losses within the transaction. In general, the fair value of the FG VIE asset is most sensitive to changes in the projected collateral losses, where an increase in collateral losses typically leads to a decrease in the fair value of FG VIE assets, while a decrease in collateral losses typically leads to an increase in the fair value of FG VIE assets. These factors also directly impact the fair value of the Company s FG VIE liabilities. 
    
  The fair value of the Company s FG VIE liabilities is generally sensitive to the various model inputs described above. In addition, the Company s FG VIE liabilities with recourse are also sensitive to changes in the Company s implied credit worthiness. Significant changes to any of these inputs could materially change the timing of expected losses within the insured transaction which is a significant factor in determining the implied benefit from the Company s insurance policy guaranteeing the timely payment of principal and interest for the tranches of debt issued by the FG VIE that is insured by the Company. In general, extending the timing of expected loss payments by the Company into the future typically leads to a decrease in the value of the Company s insurance and a decrease in the fair value of the Company s FG VIE liabilities with recourse, while a shortening of the timing of expected loss payments by the Company typically leads to an increase in the value of the Company s insurance and an increase in the fair value of the Company s FG VIE liabilities with recourse. 
    
  Not Carried at Fair Value    
    
  Financial Guaranty Insurance Contracts 
    
  For financial guaranty insurance contracts that are acquired in a business combination, the Company measures each contract at fair value on the date of acquisition, and then follows insurance accounting guidance on a recurring basis thereafter.  On a quarterly basis, the Company also discloses the fair value of its outstanding financial guaranty insurance contracts.  In both cases, fair value is based on management s estimate of what a similarly rated financial guaranty insurance company would demand to acquire the Company s in-force book of financial guaranty insurance business. It is based on a variety of factors that may include pricing assumptions management has observed for portfolio transfers, commutations, and acquisitions that have occurred in the financial guaranty market, as well as prices observed in the credit derivative market with an adjustment for illiquidity so that the terms would be similar to a financial guaranty insurance contract, and includes adjustments to the carrying value of unearned premium reserve for stressed losses, ceding commissions and return on capital. The significant inputs were not readily observable. The Company accordingly classified this fair value measurement as Level 3. 

59 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt 
    
  The Company s long-term debt, excluding notes payable, is valued by broker-dealers using third party independent pricing sources and standard market conventions. The market conventions utilize market quotations, market transactions for the Company s comparable instruments, and to a lesser extent, similar instruments in the broader insurance industry. The fair value measurement was classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  The fair value of the notes payable was determined by calculating the present value of the expected cash flows. The Company determines discounted future cash flows using market driven discount rates and a variety of assumptions, including a projection of the LIBOR rate, prepayment and default assumptions, and AGM CDS spreads. The fair value measurement was classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because there is a reliance on significant unobservable inputs to the valuation model, including the discount rates, prepayment and default assumptions, loss severity and recovery on delinquent loans. 
    
  Other Invested Assets  
    
  The other invested assets not carried at fair value consist primarily of investments in a guaranteed investment contract for future claims payments. The fair value of the investments in the guaranteed investment contract approximated their carrying value due to their short term nature. The fair value measurement of the investments in the guaranteed investment contract was classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
    
  The Company s other assets and other liabilities consist predominantly of accrued interest, receivables for securities sold and payables for securities purchased, the carrying values of which approximate fair value. 

60 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value 
    
  Amounts recorded at fair value in the Company s financial statements are presented in the tables below. 
    
  Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value 
  As of   September 30, 2016    

61 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value 
  As of   December 31, 2015    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Excluded from the table above are investments funds of   $48 million   and   $45 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, measured using NAV per share. Includes Level 3 mortgage loans that are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

62 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The table below presents a roll forward of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis during   Third Quarter     2016   and   2015   and   Nine Months     2016   and   2015  .  
    
  Fair Value Level 3 Rollforward 
  Recurring Basis 
  Third Quarter     2016    

63 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Level 3 Rollforward 
  Recurring Basis 
  Third Quarter     2015    

64 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Level 3 Rollforward 
  Recurring Basis 
  Nine Months     2016    

65 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Level 3 Rollforward 
  Recurring Basis 
  Nine Months     2015    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Realized and unrealized gains (losses) from changes in values of Level 3 financial instruments represent gains (losses) from changes in values of those financial instruments only for the periods in which the instruments were classified as Level 3. 
       
           (2) 
    Included in net realized investment gains (losses) and net investment income. 
       
           (3) 
    Included in fair value gains (losses) on FG VIEs. 
       
           (4) 
    Recorded in fair value gains (losses) on CCS, net investment income and other income. 
       
           (5) 
    Represents net position of credit derivatives. The consolidated balance sheet presents gross assets and liabilities based on net counterparty exposure. 
       
           (6) 
    Reported in net change in fair value of credit derivatives. 
       
           (7) 
    Primarily non-cash transaction. 
       
           (8) 
    Includes CCS and other invested assets. 

66 

     Table of Contents  

Level 3 Fair Value Disclosures 
    
  Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value Inputs 
  At   September 30, 2016 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Discounted cash flow is used as valuation technique for all financial instruments. 
       
           (2) 
    Excludes several investments recorded in other invested assets with fair value of   $8 million  . 

67 

     Table of Contents  

Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value Inputs 
  At   December 31, 2015    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Discounted cash flow is used as valuation technique for all financial instruments. 
       
           (2) 
    Excludes several investments recorded in other invested assets with fair value of   $7 million  .  
       
           (3) 
    Excludes obligations of state and political subdivisions investments with fair value of   $8 million  . 

68 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company s financial instruments are presented in the following table.  
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes investments not carried at fair value with a carrying value of   $90 million   and   $93 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Excludes investments carried under the equity method.  
       
           (2) 
    Carrying amount includes the assets and liabilities related to financial guaranty insurance contract premiums, losses, and salvage and subrogation and other recoverables net of reinsurance.  

8. 
    Financial Guaranty Contracts Accounted for as Credit Derivatives  
       
  The Company has a portfolio of financial guaranty contracts that meet the definition of a derivative in accordance with GAAP (primarily CDS).  
    
  Credit derivative transactions are governed by ISDA documentation and have different characteristics from financial guaranty insurance contracts. For example, the Company s control rights with respect to a reference obligation under a credit derivative may be more limited than when the Company issues a financial guaranty insurance contract. In addition, there are more circumstances under which the Company may be obligated to make payments. Similar to a financial guaranty insurance contract, the Company would be obligated to pay if the obligor failed to make a scheduled payment of principal or interest in full. However, the Company may also be required to pay if the obligor becomes bankrupt or if the reference obligation were restructured if, after negotiation, those credit events are specified in the documentation for the credit derivative transactions.  Furthermore, the Company may be required to make a payment due to an event that is unrelated to the performance of the obligation referenced in the credit derivative. If events of default or termination events specified in the credit derivative documentation were to occur, the non-defaulting or the non-affected party, which may be either the Company or the counterparty, depending upon the circumstances, may decide to terminate a credit derivative prior to maturity. In that case, the Company may be required to make a termination payment to its swap counterparty upon such termination. Absent such an event of default or termination event, the Company may not unilaterally terminate a CDS contract; however, the Company on occasion has mutually agreed with various counterparties to terminate certain CDS transactions. 

69 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Derivative Net Par Outstanding by Sector 
    
  The estimated remaining weighted average life of credit derivatives was   5.1   years at   September 30, 2016   and   5.4   years at   December 31, 2015  . The components of the Company s credit derivative net par outstanding are presented below. 
    
  Credit Derivatives  
  Subordination and Ratings 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents the sum of subordinate tranches and over-collateralization and does not include any benefit from excess interest collections that may be used to absorb losses. 
       
           (2) 
    The September 30, 2016 total amount includes   $2.3 million   net par outstanding of credit derivatives acquired from CIFG. 
       
  Except for TruPS CDOs, the Company s exposure to pooled corporate obligations is highly diversified in terms of obligors and industries. Most pooled corporate transactions are structured to limit exposure to any given obligor and industry. The majority of the Company s pooled corporate exposure consists of CLO or synthetic pooled corporate obligations. Most of these CLOs have an average obligor size of less than   1%   of the total transaction and typically restrict the maximum exposure to any one industry to approximately   10%  . The Company s exposure also benefits from embedded credit enhancement in the transactions which allows a transaction to sustain a certain level of losses in the underlying collateral, further insulating the Company from industry specific concentrations of credit risk on these deals. 
    
  The Company s TruPS CDO asset pools are generally less diversified by obligors and industries than the typical CLO asset pool. Also, the underlying collateral in TruPS CDOs consists primarily of subordinated debt instruments such as TruPS issued by bank holding companies and similar instruments issued by insurance companies, real estate investment trusts and other real estate related issuers while CLOs typically contain primarily senior secured obligations. However, to mitigate these risks TruPS CDOs were typically structured with higher levels of embedded credit enhancement than typical CLOs. 

70 

     Table of Contents  

The Company s exposure to  Other  CDS contracts is also highly diversified. It includes   $1.6 billion   of exposure to   one   pooled infrastructure transaction comprising diversified pools of international infrastructure project transactions and loans to regulated utilities. These pools were all structured with underlying credit enhancement sufficient for the Company to attach at AAA levels at origination. The remaining   $4.7 billion   of exposure in  Other  CDS contracts comprises numerous deals across various asset classes, such as commercial receivables, international RMBS, infrastructure, regulated utilities and consumer receivables.  
    
  Distribution of Credit Derivative Net Par Outstanding by Internal Rating 

Fair Value of Credit Derivatives 
    
  Net Change in Fair Value of Credit Derivatives Gain (Loss) 

Net Par and Realized Gains 
  from Terminations and Settlements of Credit Derivative Contracts  

71 

     Table of Contents  

During Third Quarter 2016, unrealized fair value gains were generated primarily as a result of CDS terminations in the pooled corporate and other sectors and price improvements on the underlying collateral of the Company s CDS. This was the primary driver of the unrealized fair value gains in the pooled corporate CLO, and other sectors. The unrealized fair value gains were partially offset by unrealized losses resulting from wider implied net spreads across all sectors. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased significantly during the period. These transactions were pricing at or above their floor levels (or the minimum rate at which the Company would consider assuming these risks based on historical experience); therefore when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM, which management refers to as the CDS spread on AGC and AGM, decreased the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased.     
    
    During Nine Months 2016, unrealized fair value losses were generated primarily in the trust preferred sector, due to wider implied net spreads. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year and five year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased during the period. These transactions were pricing at or above their floor levels, therefore when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM decreased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased. The unrealized fair value losses were partially offset by unrealized fair value gains which resulted from the terminations of several CDS transactions during the period. The majority of the CDS transactions were terminated as a result of settlement agreements with several CDS counterparties.    
    
    During Third Quarter 2015, unrealized fair value gains were driven primarily by the termination of a Triple-X life-securitization transaction in the other sector. These unrealized gains were partially offset by wider implied net spreads in the Company s pooled corporate CLO sector. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year and five year CDS spreads, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased during the period. For those CDS transactions that were pricing above their floor levels, when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM decreased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased.     
    
    During Nine Months 2015, unrealized fair value gains were generated primarily in the U.S. RMBS prime first lien and Option ARM and subprime sectors, due to tighter implied net spreads. The tighter implied net spreads were primarily a result of the increased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection increased during the period.  For those CDS transactions that were pricing above their floor levels, when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM increased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions decreased. The unrealized fair value gains in the other sector were a result of the termination of a Triple-X life-securitization transaction, referenced above. In addition, during Nine Months 2015 there was a refinement in methodology to address an instance in a U.S. RMBS transaction that changed from an expected loss to an expected recovery position.   This refinement resulted in approximately   $49 million   in fair value gains in Nine Months 2015.  
           
  The impact of changes in credit spreads will vary based upon the volume, tenor, interest rates, and other market conditions at the time these fair values are determined. In addition, since each transaction has unique collateral and structural terms, the underlying change in fair value of each transaction may vary considerably. The fair value of credit derivative contracts also reflects the change in the Company s own credit cost based on the price to purchase credit protection on AGC and AGM. The Company determines its own credit risk based on quoted CDS prices traded on the Company at each balance sheet date.  

72 

     Table of Contents  

CDS Spread on AGC and AGM 
  Quoted price of CDS contract (in basis points) 

Fair Value of Credit Derivatives Assets (Liabilities) 
  and Effect of AGC and AGM  
  Credit Spreads  

The fair value of CDS contracts at   September 30, 2016  , before considering the implications of AGC s and AGM s credit spreads, is a direct result of continued wide credit spreads in the fixed income security markets and ratings downgrades. The asset classes that remain most affected are TruPS and pooled corporate securities as well as 2005-2007 vintages of prime first lien, Alt-A, Option ARM and subprime RMBS deals. The mark to market benefit between   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , resulted primarily from several CDS terminations and a narrowing of credit spreads related to the Company's TruPS obligations. 
    
  Management believes that the trading level of AGC s and AGM s credit spreads over the past several years has been due to the correlation between AGC s and AGM s risk profile and the current risk profile of the broader financial markets, as well as the overall lack of liquidity in the CDS market. Offsetting the benefit attributable to AGC s and AGM s credit spread were higher credit spreads in the fixed income security markets. The higher credit spreads in the fixed income security market are due to the lack of liquidity in the high yield CDO, TruPS CDO, and CLO markets as well as continuing market concerns over the 2005-2007 vintages of  RMBS. 

73 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the fair value and the present value of expected claim payments or recoveries (i.e. net expected loss to be paid as described in Note 5) for contracts accounted for as derivatives. 
    
  Net Fair Value and Expected Losses  
  of Credit Derivatives by Sector 

Ratings Sensitivities of Credit Derivative Contracts 
    
  Within the Company's insured CDS portfolio, the transaction documentation for approximately   $0.7 billion   in CDS gross par insured as of   September 30, 2016   requires AGC to post eligible collateral to secure its obligations to make payments under such contracts. This constitutes a reduction of approximately   $3.1 billion   from the   $3.8 billion   subject to such a requirement as of December 31, 2015, primarily due to an agreement reached in May 2016 with a CDS counterparty reducing the collateral posting requirement with respect to that counterparty to   zero  . Eligible collateral is generally cash or U.S. government or agency securities; eligible collateral other than cash is valued at a discount to the face amount.  

For approximately   $0.6 billion   gross par of such contracts, AGC has negotiated caps such that the posting requirement cannot exceed a certain fixed amount, regardless of the mark-to-market valuation of the exposure or the financial strength ratings of AGC. For such contracts, AGC need not post on a cash basis an aggregate of more than   $500 million  , although the value of the collateral posted may exceed such fixed amount depending on the advance rate agreed with the counterparty for the particular type of collateral posted.  

For the remaining approximately   $178 million   gross par of such contracts, AGC could be required from time to time to post additional collateral without such cap based on movements in the mark-to-market valuation of the underlying exposure.  
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was posting approximately   $130 million   to secure its obligations under CDS, of which approximately   $17 million   related to the   $178 million   of gross par described above, as to which the obligation to collateralize is not capped. As of   December 31, 2015  , the Company was posting approximately   $305 million   to secure its obligations under CDS, of which approximately   $23 million   related to   $221 million   of gross par as to which the obligation to collateralize was not capped. The obligation to post collateral could impair the Company's liquidity and results of operations.     

74 

     Table of Contents  

Sensitivity to Changes in Credit Spread 
    
  The following table summarizes the estimated change in fair values on the net balance of the Company s credit derivative positions assuming immediate parallel shifts in credit spreads on AGC and AGM and on the risks that they both assume. 
    
  Effect of Changes in Credit Spread 
  As of September 30, 2016 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes the effects of spreads on both the underlying asset classes and the Company s own credit spread. 

9. 
    Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
       
  Consolidated FG VIEs 
    
  The Company provides financial guaranties with respect to debt obligations of special purpose entities, including VIEs. Assured Guaranty does not act as the servicer or collateral manager for any VIE obligations insured by its companies. The transaction structure generally provides certain financial protections to the Company. This financial protection can take several forms, the most common of which are overcollateralization, first loss protection (or subordination) and excess spread. In the case of overcollateralization (i.e., the principal amount of the securitized assets exceeds the principal amount of the structured finance obligations guaranteed by the Company), the structure allows defaults of the securitized assets before a default is experienced on the structured finance obligation guaranteed by the Company. In the case of first loss, the financial guaranty insurance policy only covers a senior layer of losses experienced by multiple obligations issued by special purpose entities, including VIEs. The first loss exposure with respect to the assets is either retained by the seller or sold off in the form of equity or mezzanine debt to other investors. In the case of excess spread, the financial assets contributed to special purpose entities, including VIEs, generate interest income that are in excess of the interest payments on the debt issued by the special purpose entity. Such excess spread is typically distributed through the transaction s cash flow waterfall and may be used to create additional credit enhancement, applied to redeem debt issued by the special purpose entities, including VIEs (thereby, creating additional overcollateralization), or distributed to equity or other investors in the transaction. 
    
  Assured Guaranty is not primarily liable for the debt obligations issued by the VIEs it insures and would only be required to make payments on those insured debt obligations in the event that the issuer of such debt obligations defaults on any principal or interest due and only for the amount of the shortfall. AGL s and its Subsidiaries  creditors do not have any rights with regard to the collateral supporting the debt issued by the FG VIEs. Proceeds from sales, maturities, prepayments and interest from such underlying collateral may only be used to pay debt service on VIE liabilities. Net fair value gains and losses on FG VIEs are expected to reverse to   zero   at maturity of the VIE debt, except for net premiums received and net claims paid by Assured Guaranty under the financial guaranty insurance contract. The Company s estimate of expected loss to be paid for FG VIEs is included in Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid. 
    
  As part of the terms of its financial guaranty contracts, the Company obtains certain protective rights with respect to the VIE that are triggered by the occurrence of certain events, such as failure to be in compliance with a covenant due to poor deal performance or a deterioration in a servicer or collateral manager's financial condition. At deal inception, the Company typically is not deemed to control a VIE; however, once a trigger event occurs, the Company's control of the VIE typically increases. The Company continuously evaluates its power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic  
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  

performance of VIEs that have debt obligations insured by the Company and, accordingly, where the Company is obligated to absorb VIE losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company obtains protective rights under its insurance contracts that give the Company additional controls over a VIE if there is either deterioration of deal performance or in the financial health of the deal servicer. The Company is deemed to be the control party for certain VIEs under GAAP, typically when its protective rights give it the power to both terminate and replace the deal servicer, which are characteristics specific to the Company's financial guaranty contracts. If the protective rights that could make the Company the control party have not been triggered, then the VIE is not consolidated. If the Company is deemed no longer to have those protective rights, the transaction is deconsolidated.   
    
  Number of FG VIEs Consolidated 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Net loss on consolidation and deconsolidation was de minimis in   Nine Months 2016  , and net loss on consolidation was   $26 million   in   Nine Months 2015  , and recorded in  fair value gains (losses) on FG VIEs  in the consolidated statement of operations.  
       
  The total unpaid principal balance for the FG VIEs  assets that were over   90   days or more past due was approximately   $154 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $154 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The aggregate unpaid principal of the FG VIEs  assets was approximately   $478 million   greater than the aggregate fair value at   September 30, 2016  . The aggregate unpaid principal of the FG VIEs  assets was approximately   $804 million   greater than the aggregate fair value at   December 31, 2015  , excluding the effect of R W settlements.  
    
  The change in the instrument-specific credit risk of the FG VIEs  assets held as of   September 30, 2016   that was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations for   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016   were gains of   $1 million   and   $36 million  , respectively. The change in the instrument-specific credit risk of the FG VIEs  assets held as of   September 30, 2015   that was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations for   Third Quarter 2015   and   Nine Months 2015   were gains of   $56 million   and   $25 million  , respectively. To calculate the instrument specific credit risk, the changes in the fair value of the FG VIE assets are allocated between changes that are due to the instrument specific credit risk and changes due to other factors, including interest rates. The instrument specific credit risk amount is determined by using expected contractual cash flows versus current expected cash flows discounted at original contractual rate. The net present value is calculated by discounting the expected cash flows of the underlying security, excluding the Company s financial guaranty insurance, at the relevant effective interest rate.  
    
  The unpaid principal for FG VIE liabilities with recourse, which represent obligations insured by AGC or AGM, was   $909 million   and   $1,436 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. FG VIE liabilities with recourse will mature at various dates ranging from   2025   to   2038  . The aggregate unpaid principal balance of the FG VIE liabilities with and without recourse was approximately   $126 million   greater than the aggregate fair value of the FG VIEs  liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  . The aggregate unpaid principal balance was approximately   $423 million   greater than the aggregate fair value of the FG VIEs' liabilities as of   December 31, 2015  .  

76 

     Table of Contents  

The table below shows the carrying value of the consolidated FG VIEs  assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements, segregated by the types of assets that collateralize their respective debt obligations for FG VIE liabilities with recourse. 
    
  Consolidated FG VIEs 
  By Type of Collateral 

The consolidation of FG VIEs affects net income and shareholders' equity due to (i) changes in fair value gains (losses) on FG VIE assets and liabilities, (ii) the elimination of premiums and losses related to the AGC and AGM FG VIE liabilities with recourse and (iii) the elimination of investment balances related to the Company s purchase of AGC and AGM insured FG VIE debt. Upon consolidation of a FG VIE, the related insurance and, if applicable, the related investment balances, are considered intercompany transactions and therefore eliminated. Such eliminations are included in the table below to present the full effect of consolidating FG VIEs.  
    
  Effect of Consolidating FG VIEs on Net Income, 
  Cash Flows From Operating Activities and Shareholders' Equity 

77 

     Table of Contents  

Fair value gains (losses) on FG VIEs represent the net change in fair value on the consolidated FG VIEs  assets and liabilities. During   Third Quarter 2016  , the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value loss on consolidated FG VIEs of   $11 million   and during   Nine Months 2016  , the Company recorded a gain of   $11 million  .   The primary drivers of the loss during Third Quarter 2016 were the net mark-to-market losses due to price depreciation on the FG VIE assets, resulting from declines in value in the underlying collateral, and the price appreciation on the FG VIE recourse liabilities during the quarter, resulting from the tightening of the Company's credit spread. The primary driver of the Nine Months 2016 gain in fair value of FG VIEs assets and liabilities was net mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets during the nine months period resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral.    
    
  During Third Quarter 2015, the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value gain on consolidated FG VIEs of   $2 million  . The primary driver of the gain was mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets during the quarter resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral. During Nine Months 2015, the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value loss on consolidated FG VIEs of less than   $1 million  . The primary driver of the loss was a pre-tax loss of   $26 million   on the consolidation of   one   new FG VIE which was mostly offset by net mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral.    
    
  Other Consolidated VIEs 
    
  In certain instances where the Company consolidates a VIE that was established as part of a loss mitigation negotiation settlement agreement that results in the termination of the original insured financial guaranty insurance or credit derivative contract the Company classifies the assets and liabilities of those VIEs in the line items that most accurately reflect the nature of the items, as opposed to within the FG VIE assets and FG VIE liabilities. 
    
  Non-Consolidated VIEs 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had financial guaranty contracts outstanding for approximately   640   and   750   VIEs, respectively, that it did not consolidate. To date, the Company s analyses have indicated that it does not have a controlling financial interest in any other VIEs and, as a result, they are not consolidated. The Company s exposure provided through its financial guaranties with respect to debt obligations of special purpose entities is included within net par outstanding in Note 4, Outstanding Exposure. 

10. 
    Investments and Cash   
       
  Net Investment Income and Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
  Net investment income is a function of the yield that the Company earns on invested assets and the size of the portfolio. The investment yield is a function of market interest rates at the time of investment as well as the type, credit quality and maturity of the invested assets.  Accrued investment income, which is recorded in Other Assets, was   $95 million   and   $99 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Net Investment Income 

78 

     Table of Contents  

Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) 

The following table presents the roll-forward of the credit losses of fixed-maturity securities for which the Company has recognized an other-than-temporary-impairment and where the portion of the fair value adjustment related to other factors was recognized in other comprehensive income ("OCI"). 
    
  Roll Forward of Credit Losses 
   in the Investment Portfolio 

79 

     Table of Contents  

Investment Portfolio 
    
  Fixed-Maturity Securities and Short-Term Investments 
  by Security Type    
  As of September 30, 2016 

80 

     Table of Contents  

Fixed-Maturity Securities and Short-Term Investments 
  by Security Type    
  As of December 31, 2015    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Based on amortized cost. 
       
           (2) 
    Accumulated OCI. See also Note 17, Shareholders' Equity for additional information as applicable. 
       
           (3) 
    Ratings in the tables above represent the lower of the Moody s and S P classifications except for bonds purchased for loss mitigation or risk management strategies, which use internal ratings classifications. The Company s portfolio consists primarily of high-quality, liquid instruments. 

The Company s investment portfolio in tax-exempt and taxable municipal securities includes issuances by a wide number of municipal authorities across the U.S. and its territories. Under the Company's investment guidelines, securities rated lower than A-/A3 by S P or Moody s are typically not purchased for the Company s portfolio unless acquired for loss mitigation or risk management strategies. 
    
  The majority of the investment portfolio is managed by   four   outside managers. The Company has established detailed guidelines regarding credit quality, exposure to a particular sector and exposure to a particular obligor within a sector.  

81 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize, for all fixed-maturity securities in an unrealized loss position, the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized loss by length of time the amounts have continuously been in an unrealized loss position. 
    
  Fixed-Maturity Securities 
  Gross Unrealized Loss by Length of Time 
  As of September 30, 2016 

82 

     Table of Contents  

Fixed-Maturity Securities 
  Gross Unrealized Loss by Length of Time 
  As of December 31, 2015 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    The number of securities does not add across because lots consisting of the same securities have been purchased at different times and appear in both categories above (i.e., less than 12 months and 12 months or more). If a security appears in both categories, it is counted only once in the total column.     
       
    Of the securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more as of   September 30, 2016  ,   28   securities had unrealized losses greater than   10%   of book value. The total unrealized loss for these securities as of   September 30, 2016   was   $60 million  . As of December 31, 2015, of the securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more,   nine   securities had unrealized losses greater than   10%   of book value with unrealized loss amount of   $26 million  . The Company has determined that the unrealized losses recorded as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 were yield related and not the result of other-than-temporary-impairment.  
    
  The amortized cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities by contractual maturity as of   September 30, 2016   are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  
    
  Distribution of Fixed-Maturity Securities 
  by Contractual Maturity 
  As of September 30, 2016 

83 

     Table of Contents  

The investment portfolio contains securities and cash that are either held in trust for the benefit of third party reinsurers in accordance with statutory requirements, invested in a guaranteed investment contract for future claims payments, placed on deposit to fulfill state licensing requirements, or otherwise restricted in the amount of   $299 million   and   $283 million  , based on fair value, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The investment portfolio also contains securities that are held in trust by certain AGL subsidiaries for the benefit of other AGL subsidiaries in accordance with statutory and  regulatory requirements in the amount of   $1,485 million   and   $1,411 million  , based on fair value. as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  The fair value of the Company s pledged securities to secure its obligations under its CDS exposure totaled   $130 million   and   $305 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  No material investments of the Company were non-income producing for   Nine Months     2016   and   Nine Months     2015  , respectively. 
    
  Internally Managed Portfolio 
    
    The investment portfolio tables shown above include both assets managed externally and internally.  In the table below, more detailed information is provided for the component of the total investment portfolio that is internally managed  (excluding short-term investments). The internally managed portfolio, as defined below, represents approximately   14%   and   13%   of the investment portfolio, on a fair value basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The internally managed portfolio consists primarily of the Company's investments in securities for (i) loss mitigation purposes, (ii) other risk management purposes and (iii) where the Company believes a particular security presents an attractive investment opportunity. 
       
  One of the Company's strategies for mitigating losses has been to purchase securities it has insured that have expected losses, at discounted prices (loss mitigation securities). In addition, the Company holds other invested assets that were obtained or purchased as part of negotiated settlements with insured counterparties or under the terms of our financial guaranties (other risk management assets).  
    
  Internally Managed Portfolio 
  Carrying Value 

11. 
    Insurance Company Regulatory Requirements   
       
  Dividend Restrictions and Capital Requirements 
    
  Under New York insurance law, AGM may only pay dividends out of "earned surplus," which is the portion of the company's surplus that represents the net earnings, gains or profits (after deduction of all losses) that have not been distributed to shareholders as dividends or transferred to stated capital or capital surplus, or applied to other purposes permitted by law, but does not include unrealized appreciation of assets. AGM may pay dividends without the prior approval of the New York Superintendent of Financial Services ("New York Superintendent") that, together with all dividends declared or distributed by it during the preceding 12 months, does not exceed the lesser of   10%   of its policyholders' surplus (as of its last annual or quarterly statement filed with the New York Superintendent) or   100%   of its adjusted net investment income during that period. The maximum amount available during 2016 for AGM to distribute as dividends without regulatory approval is estimated to be approximately   $247 million  , of which approximately   $55 million   is estimated to be available for distribution in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

84 

     Table of Contents  

Under Maryland's insurance law, AGC may, with prior notice to the Maryland Insurance Commissioner, pay an ordinary dividend that, together with all dividends paid in the prior 12 months, does not exceed the lesser of   10%   of its policyholders' surplus (as of the prior December 31) or   100%   of its adjusted net investment income during that period. The maximum amount available during 2016 for AGC to distribute as ordinary dividends is approximately   $79 million  , of which approximately   $41 million   is available for distribution in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
    
  MAC is a New York domiciled insurance company subject to the same dividend limitations described above for AGM. The Company does not currently anticipate that MAC will distribute any dividends. On June 30, 2016, MAC obtained approval from the New York State Department of Financial Services to repay its   $300 million   surplus note to Municipal Assurance Holdings Inc. ("MAC Holdings") and its   $100 million   surplus note (plus accrued interest) to AGM. Accordingly, on June 30, 2016, MAC transferred cash and/or marketable securities to (i) MAC Holdings in an aggregate amount equal to   $300 million  , and (ii)  AGM in an aggregate amount of   $102.5 million  . MAC Holdings, upon receipt of such   $300 million   from MAC, distributed cash and/or marketable securities in an aggregate amount of   $300 million   to its shareholders, AGM and AGC, in proportion to their respective   60.7%   and   39.3%   ownership interests such that AGM received   $182 million   and AGC received   $118 million  . 
    
  For AG Re, any distribution (including repurchase of shares) of any share capital, contributed surplus or other statutory capital that would reduce its total statutory capital by   15%   or more of its total statutory capital as set out in its previous year's financial statements requires the prior approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority ("Authority"). Separately, dividends are paid out of an insurer's statutory surplus and cannot exceed that surplus. Further, annual dividends cannot exceed   25%   of total statutory capital and surplus as set out in its previous year's financial statements, which is   $246 million   without AG Re certifying to the Authority that it will continue to meet required margins. Based on the foregoing limitations, in 2016 AG Re has the capacity to (i) make capital distributions in an aggregate amount up to   $127 million   without the prior approval of the Authority and (ii) declare and pay dividends in an aggregate amount up to the limit of its outstanding statutory surplus, which was approximately   $235 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . Such dividend capacity is further limited by the actual amount of AG Re s unencumbered assets, which amount changes from time to time due in part to collateral posting requirements. As of   September 30, 2016  , AG Re had unencumbered assets of approximately   $625 million  . 
    
  U.K. company law prohibits each of AGE and AGUK from declaring a dividend to its shareholders unless it has  profits available for distribution.  The determination of whether a company has profits available for distribution is based on its accumulated realized profits less its accumulated realized losses. While the U.K. insurance regulatory laws impose no statutory restrictions on a general insurer's ability to declare a dividend, the Prudential Regulation Authority's capital requirements may in practice act as a restriction on dividends.  The Company does not expect AGE or AGUK to distribute any dividends at this time. 
    
  Dividends and Surplus Notes 
  By Insurance Company Subsidiaries 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    MAC Holdings returned   $300 million   to AGM and AGC, in proportion to their ownership percentages, in the second quarter of 2016.  

85 

Table of Contents  

Overview 
    
  AGL, and its "Bermuda Subsidiaries," which consist of AG Re, AGRO, and Cedar Personnel Ltd., are not subject to any income, withholding or capital gains taxes under current Bermuda law. The Company has received an assurance from the Minister of Finance in Bermuda that, in the event of any taxes being imposed, AGL and its Bermuda Subsidiaries will be exempt from taxation in Bermuda until March 31, 2035. AGL's U.S. and U.K. subsidiaries are subject to income taxes imposed by U.S. and U.K. authorities, respectively, and file applicable tax returns. In addition, AGRO, a Bermuda domiciled company and AGE, a U.K. domiciled company, have elected under Section 953(d) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code to be taxed as a U.S. domestic corporation. 
    
  In November 2013, AGL became tax resident in the U.K. although it will remain a Bermuda-based company and its administrative and head office functions will continue to be carried on in Bermuda. As a U.K. tax resident company, AGL is required to file a corporation tax return with Her Majesty s Revenue   Customs ( HMRC ).  AGL is subject to U.K. corporation tax in respect of its worldwide profits (both income and capital gains), subject to any applicable exemptions. The main rate of corporation tax remains at   20%   for 2016.  AGL has also registered in the U.K. to report its Value Added Tax ( VAT ) liability. The current rate of VAT is   20%  . Assured Guaranty expects that the dividends AGL receives from its direct subsidiaries will be exempt from U.K. corporation tax due to the exemption in section 931D of the U.K. Corporation Tax Act 2009.  In addition, any dividends paid by AGL to its shareholders should not be subject to any withholding tax in the U.K.  The U.K. government implemented a tax regime for  controlled foreign companies  ( CFC regime ) effective January 1, 2013. Assured Guaranty does not expect any profits of non-U.K. resident members of the group to be taxed under the CFC regime and has obtained a clearance from HMRC confirming this on the basis of current facts.   
    
  AGUS files a consolidated federal income tax return with AGC, AG Financial Products Inc. ("AGFP"), AG Analytics Inc., AGMH, beginning May 12, 2012 MAC and MAC Holdings, and beginning April 1, 2015 Radian Asset and Van American ( AGUS consolidated tax group ). Assured Guaranty Overseas US Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries AGRO and AG Intermediary Inc., file their own consolidated federal income tax return.  
    
  Provision for Income Taxes 
    
  The Company's provision for income taxes for interim financial periods is not based on an estimated annual effective rate due, for example, to the variability in fair value of its credit derivatives, which prevents the Company from projecting a reliable estimated annual effective tax rate and pretax income for the full year 2016. A discrete calculation of the provision is calculated for each interim period. 
    
  The effective tax rates reflect the proportion of income recognized by each of the Company s operating subsidiaries, with U.S. subsidiaries taxed at the U.S. marginal corporate income tax rate of   35%  , U.K. subsidiaries taxed at the U.K. marginal corporate tax rate of   20%   unless subject to U.S. tax by election or as a U.S. controlled foreign corporation, and no taxes for the Company s Bermuda subsidiaries unless subject to U.S. tax by election or as a U.S. controlled foreign corporation. For periods subsequent to April 1, 2015, the U.K. corporation tax rate has been reduced to   20%   and will remain unchanged until April 1, 2017. For the period April 1, 2014 to April 1, 2015 the U.K. corporation tax rate was   21%   resulting in a blended tax rate of   20.25%   in 2015. The Company s overall effective tax rate fluctuates based on the distribution of income across jurisdictions. 

86 

     Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of the difference between the provision for income taxes and the expected tax provision at statutory rates in taxable jurisdictions is presented below. 
    
  Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 

The expected tax provision at statutory rates in taxable jurisdictions is calculated as the sum of pretax income in each jurisdiction multiplied by the statutory tax rate of the jurisdiction by which it will be taxed. Pretax income of the Company s subsidiaries which are not U.S. or U.K. domiciled but are subject to U.S. or U.K. tax by election, establishment of tax residency or as controlled foreign corporations, are included at the U.S. or U.K. statutory tax rate. Where there is a pretax loss in one jurisdiction and pretax income in another, the total combined expected tax rate may be higher or lower than any of the individual statutory rates. 
    
   The following table presents pretax income and revenue by jurisdiction. 
    
  Pretax Income (Loss) by Tax Jurisdiction 

Revenue by Tax Jurisdiction 

Pretax income by jurisdiction may be disproportionate to revenue by jurisdiction to the extent that insurance losses incurred are disproportionate. 

87 

     Table of Contents  

Valuation Allowance 
    
  As part of the Radian Asset Acquisition, the Company acquired   $19 million   of foreign tax credits ( FTC ) which will expire between 2018 and 2020. After reviewing positive and negative evidence, the Company came to the conclusion that it is more likely than not that the FTC will not be utilized, and therefore recorded a valuation allowance with respect to this tax attribute.  
    
  The Company came to the conclusion that it is more likely than not that the remaining net deferred tax asset will be fully realized after weighing all positive and negative evidence available as required under GAAP. The positive evidence that was considered included the cumulative income the Company has earned over the last   three   years, and the significant unearned premium income to be included in taxable income. The positive evidence outweighs any negative evidence that exists. As such, the Company believes that no valuation allowance is necessary in connection with this deferred tax asset. The Company will continue to analyze the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 
    
  Audits 
    
  AGUS has open tax years with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) for 2009 forward and is currently under audit for the 2009-2012 tax years. Assured Guaranty Oversees US Holdings Inc. has open tax years of 2013 forward. The Company's U.K. subsidiaries are not currently under examination and have open tax years of 2014 forward. CIFG, which was acquired by AGC during 2016, is not currently under examination and has open tax years of 2013 forward. 
  Uncertain Tax Positions 
    
  The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense and has accrued   $1 million   for   Nine Months 2016   and   $1 million   for 2015. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company has accrued   $6.7 million   and   $5.4 million   of interest, respectively.  
    
  The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , that would affect the effective tax rate, if recognized, was   $55 million   and   $45 million  , respectively. 

13. 
    Reinsurance and Other Monoline Exposures  
       
  The Company assumes exposure on insured obligations ( Assumed Business ) and may cede portions of its exposure on obligations it has insured ( Ceded Business ) in exchange for premiums, net of ceding commissions. The Company historically entered into ceded reinsurance contracts in order to obtain greater business diversification and reduce the net potential loss from large risks.  
    
  Assumed and Ceded Business 
    
  The Company assumes business from other monoline financial guaranty companies. Under these relationships, the Company assumes a portion of the ceding company s insured risk in exchange for a premium. The Company may be exposed to risk in this portfolio in that the Company may be required to pay losses without a corresponding premium in circumstances where the ceding company is experiencing financial distress and is unable to pay premiums. The Company s facultative and treaty agreements are generally subject to termination at the option of the ceding company: 

if the Company fails to meet certain financial and regulatory criteria and to maintain a specified minimum financial strength rating, or 

upon certain changes of control of the Company. 
       
  Upon termination under these conditions, the Company may be required (under some of its reinsurance agreements) to return to the ceding company unearned premiums (net of ceding commissions) and loss reserves calculated on a statutory basis of accounting, attributable to reinsurance assumed pursuant to such agreements after which the Company would be released from liability with respect to the Assumed Business.  
    
  Upon the occurrence of the conditions set forth in the first bullet above, whether or not an agreement is terminated, the Company may be required to obtain a letter of credit or alternative form of security to collateralize its obligation to perform under such agreement or it may be obligated to increase the level of ceding commission paid. 

88 

     Table of Contents  

The downgrade of the financial strength ratings of AG Re or of AGC gives certain ceding companies the right to recapture business they had ceded to AG Re and AGC, which would lead to a reduction in the Company's unearned premium reserve and related earnings on such reserve. With respect to a significant portion of the Company's in-force financial guaranty assumed business, based on AG Re's and AGC's current ratings and subject to the terms of each reinsurance agreement, the third party ceding company may have the right to recapture business it had ceded to AG Re and/or AGC, and in connection therewith, to receive payment from AG Re or AGC of an amount equal to the statutory unearned premium (net of ceding commissions) and statutory loss reserves (if any) associated with that business, plus, in certain cases, an additional ceding commission. As of   September 30, 2016  , if each third party insurer ceding business to AG Re and/or AGC had a right to recapture such business, and chose to exercise such right, the aggregate amounts that AG Re and AGC could be required to pay to all such companies would be approximately   $51 million   and   $21 million  , respectively. 
    
  The Company has Ceded Business to non-affiliated companies to limit its exposure to risk. Under these relationships, the Company ceded a portion of its insured risk in exchange for a premium paid to the reinsurer. The Company remains primarily liable for all risks it directly underwrites and is required to pay all gross claims. It then seeks reimbursement from the reinsurer for its proportionate share of claims. The Company may be exposed to risk for this exposure if it were required to pay the gross claims and not be able to collect ceded claims from an assuming company experiencing financial distress. A number of the financial guaranty insurers to which the Company has ceded par have experienced financial distress and been downgraded by the rating agencies as a result. In addition, state insurance regulators have intervened with respect to some of these insurers. The Company s ceded contracts generally allow the Company to recapture Ceded Business after certain triggering events, such as reinsurer downgrades. 
    
  In Nine Months 2016, the Company entered into a commutation agreement to reassume previously ceded U.S. structured finance business. In Nine Months 2015, the Company entered into a commutation agreement to reassume previously ceded U.S. public finance business. For such reassumptions, the Company received the statutory unearned premium outstanding as of the commutation date plus a commutation premium.  
    
  The following table presents the components of premiums and losses reported in the consolidated statement of operations and the contribution of the Company's Assumed and Ceded Businesses. 
    
  Effect of Reinsurance on Statement of Operations 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Negative assumed premiums written were due to changes in expected debt service schedules.  

89 

     Table of Contents  

Other Monoline Exposures 
    
  In addition to assumed and ceded reinsurance arrangements, the Company may also have exposure to some financial guaranty reinsurers (i.e., monolines) in other areas. Second-to-pay insured par outstanding represents transactions the Company has insured that were previously insured by other monolines. The Company underwrites such transactions based on the underlying insured obligation without regard to the primary insurer. Another area of exposure is in the investment portfolio where the Company holds fixed-maturity securities that are wrapped by monolines and whose value may change based on the rating of the monoline. As of   September 30, 2016  , based on fair value, the Company had fixed-maturity securities in its investment portfolio consisting of   $150 million   insured by National,   $104 million   insured by Ambac and   $8 million   insured by other guarantors. 
    
  In addition, the Company acquired bonds for loss mitigation or other risk management purposes. As of   September 30, 2016   these bonds had a fair value of   $260 million   insured by MBIA Insurance Corporation and   $135 million   insured by FGIC UK Limited. 
    
  Monoline and Reinsurer Exposure by Company 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes par related to insured credit derivatives.      
              (2) 
    The total collateral posted by all non-affiliated reinsurers required or agreeing to post collateral as of   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $427 million  . 
     (3)      Represents  Withdrawn Rating.      
  (4)    The Company benefits from trust arrangements that satisfy the triple-A credit requirement of S P and/or Moody s.   
  (5)      Represents  Not Rated.      
           (6) 
    Rated AA+ by KBRA.   
              (7) 
    MBIA includes subsidiaries MBIA Insurance Corporation rated CCC by S P and Caa1 by Moody's and MBIA UK rated BB by S P and Ba2 by Moody s.   See Note 2, Acquisitions, for more information on  MBIA UK. 
              (8) 
    FGIC includes subsidiaries Financial Guaranty Insurance Company and FGIC UK Limited both of which had their ratings withdrawn by rating agencies.     

90 

     Table of Contents  

Amounts Due (To) From Reinsurers 
  As of September 30, 2016    

Excess of Loss Reinsurance Facility 
    
  AGC, AGM and MAC entered into a   $360 million   aggregate excess of loss reinsurance facility with a number of reinsurers, effective as of January 1, 2016. This facility replaces a similar   $450 million   aggregate excess of loss reinsurance facility that AGC, AGM and MAC had entered into effective January 1, 2014 and which terminated on December 31, 2015. The new facility covers losses occurring either from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2023, or January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2024, at the option of AGC, AGM and MAC. It terminates on January 1, 2018,  unless AGC, AGM and MAC choose to extend it. The new facility covers certain U.S. public finance credits insured or reinsured by AGC, AGM and MAC as of September 30, 2015, excluding credits that were rated non-investment grade as of December 31, 2015 by Moody s or S P or internally by AGC, AGM or MAC and is subject to certain per credit limits. Among the credits excluded are those associated with the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and its related authorities and public corporations. The new facility attaches when AGC s, AGM s and MAC s net losses (net of AGC s and AGM's reinsurance (including from affiliates) and net of recoveries) exceed   $1.25 billion   in the aggregate. The new facility covers a portion of the next   $400 million   of losses, with the reinsurers assuming pro rata in the aggregate   $360 million   of the   $400 million   of losses and AGC, AGM and MAC jointly retaining the remaining   $40 million  .  The reinsurers are required to be rated at least AA- or to post collateral sufficient to provide AGM, AGC and MAC with the same reinsurance credit as reinsurers rated AA-. AGM, AGC and MAC are obligated to pay the reinsurers their share of recoveries relating to losses during the coverage period in the covered portfolio. AGC, AGM and MAC paid approximately   $9 million   of premiums in 2016 for the term January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 and deposited approximately   $9 million   of securities into trust accounts for the benefit of the reinsurers to be used to pay the premium for January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017. The main differences between the new facility and the prior facility that terminated on December 31, 2015 are the reinsurance attachment point (  $1.25 billion   versus   $1.5 billion  ), the total reinsurance coverage (  $360 million   part of   $400 million   versus   $450 million   part of   $500 million  ) and the annual premium (  $9 million   versus   $19 million  ).  

14.    Commitments and Contingencies  
    
  Leases 
    
  AGL and its subsidiaries lease office space and certain other items.  
    
  In 2015, AGM entered into an operating lease for new office space comprising one full floor and one partial floor at 1633 Broadway in New York City.  On September 23, 2016, AGM entered into an amendment to that lease to include the remaining portion of the partial floor for the remainder of the lease term.  The fixed annual rent, which commences after an initial rent holiday, begins at   $1.1 million   per annum, rising in two steps to   $1.3 million   for the last   five   years of the initial term.      

91 

     Table of Contents  

Legal Proceedings 
    
    Lawsuits arise in the ordinary course of the Company s business. It is the opinion of the Company s management, based upon the information available, that the expected outcome of litigation against the Company, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity, although an adverse resolution of litigation against the Company in a fiscal quarter or year could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations in a particular quarter or year.  
    
  In addition, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, certain of the Company's subsidiaries assert claims in legal proceedings against third parties to recover losses paid in prior periods or prevent losses in the future, as described in the "Recovery Litigation" section of Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid. For example, in January 2016, the Company commenced an action for declaratory judgment and injunctive relief in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico to invalidate executive orders issued by the Governor of Puerto Rico directing the retention or transfer of certain taxes and revenues pledged to secure the payment of certain bonds insured by the Company, and in July 2016, the Company filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the PROMESA stay in order to file a complaint to protect its interest in certain pledged PRHTA toll revenues. The amounts, if any, the Company will recover in these and other proceedings to recover losses are uncertain, and recoveries, or failure to obtain recoveries, in any one or more of these proceedings during any quarter or year could be material to the Company s results of operations in that particular quarter or year. 
    
  The Company establishes accruals for litigation and regulatory matters to the extent it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of that loss can be reasonably estimated. For litigation and regulatory matters where a loss may be reasonably possible, but not probable, or is probable but not reasonably estimable, no accrual is established, but if the matter is material, it is disclosed, including matters discussed below. The Company reviews relevant information with respect to its litigation and regulatory matters on a quarterly, and annual basis and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible loss based on such reviews.  
    
  Litigation 
    
  Proceedings Relating to the Company s Financial Guaranty Business 
    
  The Company receives subpoenas   duces tecum   and interrogatories from regulators from time to time. 
        
  On November 28, 2011, Lehman Brothers International (Europe) (in administration) ( LBIE ) sued AGFP, an affiliate of AGC which in the past had provided credit protection to counterparties under credit default swaps. AGC acts as the credit support provider of AGFP under these credit default swaps. LBIE s complaint, which was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, alleged that AGFP improperly terminated   nine   credit derivative transactions between LBIE and AGFP and improperly calculated the termination payment in connection with the termination of   28   other credit derivative transactions between LBIE and AGFP. Following defaults by LBIE, AGFP properly terminated the transactions in question in compliance with the agreement between AGFP and LBIE, and calculated the termination payment properly.  AGFP calculated that LBIE owes AGFP approximately   $29 million   in connection with the termination of the credit derivative transactions, whereas LBIE asserted in the complaint that AGFP owes LBIE a termination payment of approximately   $1.4 billion  . On February 3, 2012, AGFP filed a motion to dismiss certain of the counts in the complaint, and on March 15, 2013, the court granted AGFP's motion to dismiss the count relating to improper termination of the   nine   credit derivative transactions and denied AGFP's motion to dismiss the counts relating to the remaining transactions. On February 22, 2016, AGFP filed a motion for summary judgment on the remaining causes of action asserted by LBIE and on AGFP's counterclaims. Oral argument on AGFP's motion took place on July 21, 2016. LBIE's administrators disclosed in an April 10, 2015 report to LBIE s unsecured creditors that LBIE's valuation expert has calculated LBIE's claim for damages in aggregate for the   28   transactions to range between a minimum of approximately   $200 million   and a maximum of approximately   $500 million  , depending on what adjustment, if any, is made for AGFP's credit risk and excluding any applicable interest.  
    
  On September 25, 2013, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trust administrator of the MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-3, filed an interpleader complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking adjudication of a dispute between Wales LLC and Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. as to whether AGM is entitled to reimbursement payments from certain cashflows for principal claims paid in respect of insured certificates. On September 30, 2016, the court issued an opinion denying the motion for judgment on the pleadings filed by Wales. The Company estimates that an adverse outcome to the interpleader proceeding could increase losses on the transaction by approximately   $10   -   $20 million  , net of expected settlement payments and reinsurance in force. 

92 

     Table of Contents  

On December 22, 2014, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as indenture trustee for the AAA Trust 2007-2 Re-REMIC (the Trustee), filed a  trust instructional proceeding  petition in the State of California Superior Court (Probate Division, Orange County), seeking the court s instruction as to how it should allocate the losses resulting from its December 2014 sale of   four   RMBS owned by the AAA Trust 2007-2 Re-REMIC.  This sale of approximately   $70 million   principal balance of RMBS was made pursuant to AGC s liquidation direction in November 2014, and resulted in approximately   $27 million   of gross proceeds to the Re-REMIC.  On December 22, 2014, AGC directed the indenture trustee to allocate to the uninsured Class A-3 Notes the losses realized from the sale.  On May 4, 2015, the Superior Court rejected AGC s allocation direction, and ordered the Trustee to allocate to the Class A-3 noteholders a pro rata share of the   $27 million   of gross proceeds.  AGC is appealing the Superior Court s decision to the California Court of Appeal.  
    
    Proceedings Resolved Since December 31, 2015 
    
    On May 28, 2014, Houston Casualty Company Europe, Seguros y Reseguros, S.A. ( HCCE ) notified Radian Asset that it was demanding arbitration against Radian Asset in connection with housing cooperative losses presented to Radian Asset by HCCE under several years of quota-share surety reinsurance contracts. Through November 30, 2015, HCCE had presented AGC, as successor to Radian Asset, with approximately    15 million   in claims. In January 2016, Assured Guaranty and HCCE settled all the claims related to the Spanish housing cooperative losses. 
    
  Proceedings Related to AGMH s Former Financial Products Business  
    
  The following is a description of legal proceedings involving AGMH s former Financial Products Business. Although the Company did not acquire AGMH s former Financial Products Business, which included AGMH s former GIC business, medium term notes business and portions of the leveraged lease businesses, certain legal proceedings relating to those businesses were against entities that the Company did acquire. While Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. (together, "Dexia") have paid all expenses and settlement amounts due to date as a result of the proceedings described below, such indemnification might not be sufficient to fully hold the Company harmless against any injunctive relief or civil or criminal sanction that is imposed against AGMH or its subsidiaries as a result of any potential newly asserted claims related to these matters. 
    
  Governmental Investigations into Former Financial Products Business 
    
  AGMH and/or AGM received subpoenas   duces tecum   and interrogatories or civil investigative demands from the Attorneys General of the States of Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, Missouri, New York, Texas and West Virginia relating to their investigations of alleged bid rigging of municipal GICs. In addition, AGMH received a subpoena from the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice in November 2006 issued in connection with an ongoing criminal investigation of bid rigging of awards of municipal GICs and other municipal derivatives. AGMH responded to such requests when they were received several years ago. While it is possible AGMH may receive additional inquiries from these or other regulators, the Company is not currently aware that any governmental authority, including such Attorneys General or the Department of Justice, are actively pursuing or contemplating legal proceedings with respect to AGMH's former Financial Products Business.  
       
  Lawsuits Relating to Former Financial Products Business 
    
  From 2008 through 2010, complaints were brought on behalf of a purported class of state, local and municipal government entities alleging federal antitrust violations in the municipal derivatives industry, seeking damages and alleging, among other things, a conspiracy to fix the pricing of, and manipulate bids for, municipal derivatives, including GICs. These actions were consolidated before one judge in the Southern District of New York as Municipal Derivatives Antitrust Litigation ("MDL 1950"). Following motions to dismiss, amended class action complaints were filed on behalf of a putative class of plaintiffs. The most recently amended, operative class action complaint does not list AGMH or its affiliates as defendants or co-conspirators. On July 8, 2016, the MDL 1950 Court entered an order approving settlement of the remaining class claims, resolving the putative class case.  
    
  In addition, the Attorney General of the State of West Virginia filed a lawsuit that, as amended, named AGM and Assured Guaranty US Holdings as defendants and alleged a conspiracy to decrease the returns that West Virginia public entities earned on municipal derivative instruments. Also, approximately   19   California and New York government entities brought individual lawsuits that were not a part of the class action and that did not dismiss AGMH or its affiliates. All these cases were transferred to the Southern District of New York and consolidated with MDL 1950 for pretrial purposes. In June and July 2016, Dexia executed settlement agreements covering the action brought by the Attorney General of the State of West Virginia and the actions brought by the individual California and New York plaintiffs, and on July 1, 2016 and July 27, 2016, respectively, the MDL 1950 court dismissed with prejudice the claims against Assured Guaranty US Holdings and AGM in all such actions.  
  
   93 

     Table of Contents  

Those settlements release all claims as to Assured Guaranty US Holdings, AGMH and AGM, as well as their parents, subsidiaries and affiliates. 

15. 
    Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities 
       
  The principal and carrying values of the Company s long-term debt are presented in the table below. 
    
  Principal and Carrying Amounts of Debt    

AGL fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment of the principal of, and interest on, the senior notes issued by AGUS and AGMH, and the junior subordinated debentures issued by AGUS and AGMH 
    
  Recourse Credit Facilities 
    
  2009 Strip Coverage Facility 
    
  In connection with the Company's acquisition of AGMH and its subsidiaries from Dexia Holdings Inc., AGM agreed to retain the risks relating to the debt and strip policy portions of the leveraged lease business.  
    
  In a leveraged lease transaction, a tax-exempt entity (such as a transit agency) transfers tax benefits to a tax-paying entity by transferring ownership of a depreciable asset, such as subway cars. The tax-exempt entity then leases the asset back from its new owner.    
    
  If the lease is terminated early, the tax-exempt entity must make an early termination payment to the lessor. A portion of this early termination payment is funded from monies that were pre-funded and invested at the closing of the leveraged lease transaction (along with earnings on those invested funds). The tax-exempt entity is obligated to pay the remaining, unfunded portion of this early termination payment (known as the  strip coverage ) from its own sources. AGM issued financial guaranty insurance policies (known as  strip policies ) that guaranteed the payment of these unfunded strip coverage amounts to the lessor, in the event that a tax-exempt entity defaulted on its obligation to pay this portion of its early termination payment. AGM can then seek reimbursement of its strip policy payments from the tax-exempt entity, and can also sell the transferred depreciable asset and reimburse itself from the sale proceeds.    
    
  Currently, all the leveraged lease transactions in which AGM acts as strip coverage provider are breaching a rating trigger related to AGM and are subject to early termination. However, early termination of a lease does not result in a draw on the AGM policy if the tax-exempt entity makes the required termination payment. If all the leases were to terminate early and the tax-exempt entities do not make the required early termination payments, then AGM would be exposed to possible liquidity  
  
   94 

     Table of Contents  

claims on gross exposure of approximately   $991 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . To date, none of the leveraged lease transactions that involve AGM has experienced an early termination due to a lease default and a claim on the AGM policy. At     September 30, 2016  , approximately   $1.5 billion   of cumulative strip par exposure had been terminated since 2008 on a consensual basis. The consensual terminations have resulted in no claims on AGM.     
    
  On July 1, 2009, AGM and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A., acting through its New York Branch ( Dexia Cr dit Local (NY) ), entered into a credit facility (the  Strip Coverage Facility ). Under the Strip Coverage Facility, Dexia Cr dit Local (NY) agreed to make loans to AGM to finance all draws made by lessors on AGM strip policies that were outstanding as of November 13, 2008, up to the commitment amount, which was   $495 million   at the time the Strip Coverage Facility was terminated.  
    
  There have never been any borrowings under the Strip Coverage Facility, the amount of the leveraged leases covered by the Strip Coverage Facility has declined since July 1, 2009 and, as noted above, to date, none of the leveraged lease transactions in which AGM acts as the strip coverage provider has experienced an early termination due to a lease default. Consequently, and in view of the credit quality of the relevant tax-exempt entities and the cost of the Strip Coverage Facility, the Company determined that maintaining the Strip Coverage Facility was no longer warranted. On July 29, 2016, the parties terminated the facility.       
    
  Intercompany Credit Facility and Intercompany Debt 
    
  On October 25, 2013, AGL, as borrower, and AGUS, as lender, entered into a revolving credit facility pursuant to which AGL may, from time to time, borrow for general corporate purposes. Under the credit facility, AGUS committed to lend a principal amount not exceeding   $225 million   in the aggregate. Such commitment terminates on October 25, 2018 (the  loan termination date ). The unpaid principal amount of each loan will bear interest at a fixed rate equal to   100%   of the then applicable Federal short-term or mid-term interest rate, as the case may be, as determined under Internal Revenue Code Sec. 1274(d), and interest on all loans will be computed for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a year consisting of 360 days. Accrued interest on all loans will be paid on the last day of each June and December, beginning on December 31, 2013, and at maturity.  AGL must repay the then unpaid principal amounts of the loans by the third anniversary of the loan termination date.   No   amounts are currently outstanding under the credit facility. 
    
  In addition, in 2012 AGUS borrowed   $90 million   from its affiliate AGRO to fund the acquisition of MAC. That loan remained outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Committed Capital Securities 
    
  On April 8, 2005, AGC entered into separate agreements (the  Put Agreements ) with   four   custodial trusts (each, a  Custodial Trust ) pursuant to which AGC may, at its option, cause each of the Custodial Trusts to purchase up to   $50 million   of perpetual preferred stock of AGC (the  AGC Preferred Stock ). The custodial trusts were created as a vehicle for providing capital support to AGC by allowing AGC to obtain immediate access to new capital at its sole discretion at any time through the exercise of the put option. If the put options were exercised, AGC would receive   $200 million   in return for the issuance of its own perpetual preferred stock, the proceeds of which may be used for any purpose, including the payment of claims. The put options have not been exercised through the date of this filing.  
    
  Distributions on the AGC CCS are determined pursuant to an auction process. Beginning on April 7, 2008 this auction process failed, thereby increasing the annualized rate on the AGC CCS to   one-month LIBOR   plus   250   basis points. 
    
  In June 2003,   $200 million   of  AGM CPS , money market preferred trust securities, were issued by trusts created for the primary purpose of issuing the AGM CPS, investing the proceeds in high-quality commercial paper and selling put options to AGM, allowing AGM to issue the trusts non-cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock (the  AGM Preferred Stock ) of AGM in exchange for cash. There are   four   trusts, each with an initial aggregate face amount of   $50 million  . These trusts hold auctions every   28   days, at which time investors submit bid orders to purchase AGM CPS. If AGM were to exercise a put option, the applicable trust would transfer the portion of the proceeds attributable to principal received upon maturity of its assets, net of expenses, to AGM in exchange for AGM Preferred Stock. AGM pays a floating put premium to the trusts, which represents the difference between the commercial paper yield and the winning auction rate (plus all fees and expenses of the trust). If an auction does not attract sufficient clearing bids, however, the auction rate is subject to a maximum rate of   one-month LIBOR   plus   200   basis points for the next succeeding distribution period. Beginning in August 2007, the AGM CPS required the maximum rate for each of the relevant trusts. AGM continues to have the ability to exercise its put option and cause the related trusts to purchase AGM Preferred Stock. The trusts provide AGM access to new capital at its sole discretion through the exercise of the put options. As of   September 30, 2016   the put option had not been exercised.  
  
   95 

     Table of Contents  

See Note 7, Fair Value Measurement,  Other Assets Committed Capital Securities, for a fair value measurement discussion. 
  
   96 

Table of Contents  

16.    Earnings Per Share 
    
  Computation of Earnings Per Share    

97 

Table of Contents  

17. 
    Shareholders' Equity 
       
  Other Comprehensive Income 
    
  The following tables present the changes in each component of AOCI and the effect of reclassifications out of AOCI on the respective line items in net income. 
    
  Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income by Component 
  Third Quarter     2016 

98 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income by Component 
  Third Quarter     2015 

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income by Component 
  Nine Months     2016 

99 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income by Component 
  Nine Months     2015 

Share Repurchase 
    
    The following table presents share repurchases since January 2013. 
    
  Share Repurchases 

100 

     Table of Contents  

On February 24, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a   $250 million   share repurchase authorization, and on November 2, 2016, it approved an incremental   $250 million   in share repurchases. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's remaining share repurchase authorization was   $115 million  , and as of November 3, 2016, it was approximately   $345 million  . The Company expects to repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, form and amount of the share repurchases under the program are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors, including funds available at the parent company, market conditions, the Company's capital position, legal requirements and other factors. The repurchase program may be modified, extended or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. It does not have an expiration date.  
    
  The Board of Directors has specifically authorized the Company to use a portion of its share repurchase program to repurchase up to   297,131   common shares from its Chief Executive Officer and up to   23,062   common shares from its General Counsel. These officers will also receive   297,131   and   23,062   common shares, respectively, in January 2017 in settlement of   297,131   share units and   23,062   share units, respectively, held by them in the employer stock fund of the Assured Guaranty Ltd. Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (the  AGL SERP ). The distribution of shares in settlement of the units must occur in January 2017 pursuant to the terms of an amendment adopted in 2011 to the AGL SERP.  Such amendment was adopted to comply with requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ) and Section 457A of the Code, which required all grandfathered amounts (within the meaning of Section 457A of the Code), including the units in the employer stock fund in the AGL SERP, to be included in the income of the applicable participant no later than 2017. The Company would repurchase shares on the date that these officers receive shares in settlement of the units. The shares would be purchased at the closing price of a common share of the Company on the New York Stock Exchange on that same date, which is currently expected to be January 6, 2017.  

101 

Table of Contents  

18. 
    Subsidiary Information 
       
  The following tables present the condensed consolidating financial information for AGUS and AGMH, 100%-owned subsidiaries of AGL, which have issued publicly traded debt securities (see Note 15, Long Term Debt and Credit Facilities). The information for AGL, AGUS and AGMH presents its subsidiaries on the equity method of accounting. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  AS OF   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

102 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  AS OF   DECEMBER 31, 2015    
  (in millions) 

103 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

104 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

105 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

106 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

107 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

108 

     Table of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

109 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
      
  Forward Looking Statements 
    
  This Form 10-Q contains information that includes or is based upon forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements give the expectations or forecasts of future events of Assured Guaranty Ltd. ( AGL ) and its subsidiaries (collectively with AGL,  Assured Guaranty  or the  Company ). These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and relate to future operating or financial performance. 
    
  Any or all of Assured Guaranty s forward looking statements herein are based on current expectations and the current economic environment and may turn out to be incorrect. Assured Guaranty s actual results may vary materially. Among factors that could cause actual results to differ adversely are: 

rating agency action, including a ratings downgrade, a change in outlook, the placement of ratings on watch for downgrade, or a change in rating criteria, at any time, of AGL or any of its subsidiaries, and/or of any securities AGL or any of its subsidiaries have issued, and/or of transactions that AGL's subsidiaries have insured; 
                
    reduction in the amount of available insurance opportunities and/or in the demand for Assured Guaranty's insurance; 
                
    developments in the world s financial and capital markets that adversely affect obligors  payment rates, Assured Guaranty s loss experience, or its exposure to refinancing risk in transactions (which could result in substantial liquidity claims on its guarantees); 
                
    the possibility that budget or pension shortfalls or other factors will result in credit losses or impairments on obligations of state, territorial and local governments and their related authorities and public corporations that Assured Guaranty insures or reinsures; 
                
    the failure of Assured Guaranty to realize loss recoveries that are assumed in its expected loss estimates; 
                
    deterioration in the financial condition of Assured Guaranty s reinsurers, the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverables actually received and the risk that reinsurers may dispute amounts owed to Assured Guaranty under its reinsurance agreements; 
                
    increased competition, including from new entrants into the financial guaranty industry; 
                
    rating agency action on obligors, including sovereign debtors, resulting in a reduction in the value of securities in Assured Guaranty s investment portfolio and in collateral posted by and to Assured Guaranty; 
                
    the inability of Assured Guaranty to access external sources of capital on acceptable terms;  
                
    changes in the world s credit markets, segments thereof, interest rates or general economic conditions; 
                
    the impact of market volatility on the mark-to-market of Assured Guaranty s contracts written in credit default swap form; 
                
    changes in applicable accounting policies or practices; 
                
    changes in applicable laws or regulations, including insurance, bankruptcy and tax laws, or other governmental actions; 
                
    the impact of changes in the world s economy and credit and currency markets and in applicable laws or regulations relating to the decision of the United Kingdom to exit the European Union; 
                
    difficulties with the execution of Assured Guaranty s business strategy; 
                
    loss of key personnel; 
                
    the effects of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; 
     
   110 

     Table of Contents  

natural or man-made catastrophes; 
                
    other risks and uncertainties that have not been identified at this time; 
                
    management s response to these factors; and 
                
    other risk factors identified in AGL's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 
     The foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exhaustive, and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements in this Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors included in AGL's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and AGL's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2016. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or review any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in the Company s reports filed with the SEC. 
    
  If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the Company s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary materially from what the Company projected. Any forward looking statements in this Form 10-Q reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to its operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. 
    
  For these statements, the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). 

Available Information 
    
  The Company maintains an Internet web site at   www.assuredguaranty.com  . The Company makes available, free of charge, on its web site (under   assuredguaranty.com/sec-filings  ) the Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The Company also makes available, free of charge, through its web site (under   assuredguaranty.com/governance  ) links to the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, its Code of Conduct, AGL's Bye-Laws and the charters for its Board committees. 
    
  The Company routinely posts important information for investors on its web site (under   assuredguaranty.com/company-statements   and, more generally, under the Investor Information and Businesses pages). The Company uses this web site as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Accordingly, investors should monitor the Company Statements, Investor Information and Businesses portions of the Company's web site, in addition to following the Company's press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. 
    
  The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the Company's web site is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this report. 

Executive Summary 
     
  This executive summary of management s discussion and analysis highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Quarterly Report. For a more detailed description of events, trends and uncertainties, as well as the capital, liquidity, credit, operational and market risks and the critical accounting policies and estimates affecting the Company, this Quarterly Report should be read in its entirety and in addition to AGL's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
    
  Economic Environment 
    
  The amount and pricing of new business the Company originates, as well as the financial health of the issuers whose obligations it insures, depends in part on the economic environment in the markets it serves, including the level of interest rates and credit spreads in those markets. 

111 

     Table of Contents  

The overall economic environment in the United States ( U.S. ) improved during the three-month and nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   ("  Third Quarter 2016  " and "  Nine Months 2016  ," respectively). The U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Economic Analysis reported an advance estimate that gross domestic product increased at an annual rate of 2.9% in Third Quarter 2016. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ), the estimated seasonally adjusted monthly unemployment rates remained at 5.0% or slightly lower during Third Quarter 2016. The BLS also reported that the U.S. economy added approximately 575 thousand jobs during Third Quarter 2016, equaling the job growth in the three month period ended September 30, 2015 ("Third Quarter 2015") and bringing the total jobs added in Nine Months 2016 to 1.6 million. U.S. home prices, as measured by the S P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index, continued to rise at a 5.1% rate over the 12 months ended July 31, 2016.  
    
  Throughout Nine Months 2016, the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) maintained the target range for the federal funds rate at 1/4 to 1/2 percent and continued to support further improvement in labor market conditions and a return to 2% inflation. In a release dated September 21, 2016, the Federal Reserve said the FOMC judges that the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened but decided, for the time being, to wait for further evidence of continued progress toward its objectives. The U.S. stock market opened 2016 in decline, with some commentators attributing the decline to global economic uncertainty and weak oil prices that threatened certain U.S. companies. Broad stock market indexes began to rise in February after the Federal Reserve Board chair indicated in Congressional testimony that further increases in the federal funds rate would be gradual, and as oil prices began to recover. Stock prices generally rose thereafter  although they experienced a dip following the British electorate s June 23, 2016, vote in favor of Britain exiting the European Union ( Brexit ). In Third Quarter 2016, the market reached record S P 500 levels in August before settling at quarter-end near their levels at the end of the second quarter 2016. Average municipal interest rates, at a record low in the last week of the second quarter 2016, fell further in July, reaching a new low point of 1.93% for the 30-year AAA MMD Index, on July 6, 2016, then rose to approximately 2.3% near the end of Third Quarter 2016.     
  Looking at the global interest rate environment, the European Central Bank continued its program of quantitative easing during Nine Months 2016. Interest rates for bank deposits remained near 0% or negative in Europe and negative in Japan. The Bank of England cut its Bank Rate 25 basis points to 0.25% on August 3, 2016 and maintained that rate through September 30. The August rate cut was part of a package of accommodative measures. 

112 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Performance of Assured Guaranty 
    
  Financial Results 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Please refer to   Non-GAAP Financial Measures  for a definition of the financial measures that were not determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, if available. 
       
           (2) 
    Please refer to "Key Business Strategies   Capital Management" below for information on common share repurchases. 

Third Quarter 2016 
    
  There are several primary drivers of volatility in net income or loss that are not necessarily indicative of credit impairment or improvement, or ultimate economic gains or losses: changes in credit spreads of insured credit derivative obligations; changes in fair value of assets and liabilities of financial guaranty variable interest entities ("FG VIEs") and committed capital securities ("CCS"); changes in the Company's own credit spreads; and changes in risk-free rates used to discount expected losses. Changes in credit spreads generally have the most significant effect on the fair value of credit derivatives and FG VIE assets and liabilities. In addition to non-economic factors, other factors such as: changes in expected losses, the amount and timing of refunding transactions and terminations, realized gains and losses on the investment portfolio (including other-than-temporary impairments), the effects of large settlements and transactions, acquisitions, and the effects of the Company's various loss mitigation strategies, among others, may also have a significant effect on reported net income or loss in a given reporting period.  
    
  Net income for   Third Quarter 2016   was   $479 million   compared with   $129 million   in   Third Quarter 2015  . The increase is primarily attributable to the acquisition of CIFG Holding Inc. (together with its subsidiaries  CIFGH"), the parent of financial guaranty insurer CIFG, (the "CIFG Acquisition") in   Third Quarter 2016  , which resulted in a net bargain purchase gain and settlement of pre-existing relationships, and lower loss and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE").  
    
  Non-GAAP operating income in   Third Quarter 2016   was   $508 million  , compared with   $164 million   in   Third Quarter 2015  . The primary drivers of the increase in operating income are the same as those discussed above for net income. 

113 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months 2016 
    
  Net income for   Nine Months 2016   was   $684 million   compared with   $627 million   in the nine-month period ended   September 30, 2015   ("  Nine Months 2015  "). The increase was due primarily to lower loss and LAE, higher premium accelerations and higher net bargain purchase gain and settlement of pre-existing relationships on the CIFG Acquisition compared with the acquisition of Radian Asset Assurance Inc. ( Radian Asset Acquisition ). This was offset in part by fair value losses on credit derivatives in   Nine Months 2016   compared with fair value gains for   Nine Months 2015  .  
    
  Non-GAAP operating income in   Nine Months 2016   was   $760 million  , compared with   $582 million   in   Nine Months 2015  . The increase in operating income was primarily due to lower operating loss and LAE, higher premium accelerations and higher net bargain purchase gain and settlement of pre-existing relationships on the CIFG Acquisition compared with the Radian Asset Acquisition. This was offset in part by lower credit derivative revenues and operating net investment income.  
    
  Shareholder's equity increased since December 31, 2015 due primarily to the CIFG Acquisition, positive income and net unrealized gains on available for sale investment securities recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, which was partially offset by share repurchases and dividends. Operating shareholders' equity and adjusted book value also increased since December 31, 2015 due mainly to the CIFG Acquisition, offset in part by share repurchases and dividends. Operating shareholders' equity per share and adjusted book value per share benefited from the repurchase of   7.4 million   common shares in Nine Months 2016. 
    
  Key Business Strategies 
    
  The Company continually evaluates its business strategies. Currently, the Company is pursuing the following business strategies, each described in more detail below: 

New business production 
                
    Capital management  
                
    Alternative strategies to create value, including through acquisitions, investments and commutations 
                
    Loss mitigation 
       
  New Business Production 
    
  The Company believes high-profile defaults by municipal obligors, such as the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Detroit, Michigan and Stockton, California have led to increased awareness of the value of bond insurance and stimulated demand for the product.   The Company believes there will be continued demand for its insurance in this market because, for those exposures that the Company guarantees, it undertakes the tasks of credit selection, analysis, negotiation of terms, surveillance and, if necessary, loss mitigation. The Company believes that its insurance:   

encourages retail investors, who typically have fewer resources than the Company for analyzing municipal bonds, to purchase such bonds;  
                
    enables institutional investors to operate more efficiently; and  
                
    allows smaller, less well-known issuers to gain market access on a more cost-effective basis.  
       
  On the other hand, the persistently low interest rate environment continues to dampen demand for bond insurance and, after a number of years in which the Company was essentially the only financial guarantor, there are now two other financial guarantors active in one of its markets. 

114 

     Table of Contents  

U.S. Municipal Market Data (1) 
  Based on Sale Date 
      
 ____________________ 
  (1)    Source: Thomson Reuters. 

Industry Penetration Rates (1)  
  U.S. Municipal Market  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Source: Thomson Reuters. 

115 

     Table of Contents  

New Business Production 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    PVP and Gross Par Written in the table above are based on "close date," when the transaction settles. See    Non-GAAP Financial Measures   PVP or Present Value of New Business Production.  
       
           (2) 
    Included in this category is a structured capital relief Triple-X excess of loss life reinsurance transaction written in Third Quarter 2016. 
       
  Gross written premiums include amounts collected upfront on new business written as well as the present value of contractual or expected premiums discounted at risk free rates and the effects of changes in the estimated lives of all transactions in the inforce book of business. The decrease in gross written premiums to   $16 million   in   Third Quarter 2016   from $40 million in   Third Quarter 2015  , was primarily attributable to lower public finance new business production, and changes in estimated lives. For   Nine Months 2016  , gross written premiums decreased compared to   Nine Months 2015   primarily due to lower public finance new business production, and the termination of several large transactions. 
    
  U.S. public finance PVP decreased in   Third Quarter 2016   compared with the comparable prior year period, however,   Nine Months 2016   U.S. public finance PVP was $89 million, a 12.7% increase over Nine Months 2015. During   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016  , Assured Guaranty once again guaranteed the majority of insured par issued and maintained an A- rating.  
    
  U.S. structured finance PVP in Third Quarter and   Nine Months 2016   primarily comprises a structured capital relief Triple-X excess of loss life reinsurance transaction.   
    
  Outside the U.S., the Company believes the United Kingdom ("U.K.") currently presents the most new business opportunities for financial guarantees of infrastructure financings, which have typically required such guarantees for capital market access. These transactions typically have long lead times. Assured Guaranty believes it is the only company in the private sector offering such financial guarantees outside the United States. For the Nine Months 2016, non-U.S. public finance PVP primarily represents secondary market financial guarantees written on utility bonds and additional future premiums related to the restructuring of an existing insured obligation. 
    
  In general, the Company expects that structured finance opportunities will increase in the future as the global economy recovers, interest rates rise, more issuers return to the capital markets for financings and institutional investors again utilize  
  
   116 

     Table of Contents  

financial guaranties. The Company considers its involvement in both structured finance and international infrastructure transactions to be beneficial because such transactions diversify both the Company's business opportunities and its risk profile beyond public finance. 
       
  Capital Management 
    
  In recent years, the Company has developed strategies to manage capital within the Assured Guaranty group more efficiently.  
    
  On November 2, 2016, the Board of Directors approved an incremental $250 million in share repurchases, including a specifically authorized repurchase from the Company's Chief Executive Officer and its General Counsel, adding to the amount remaining under its previous authorization for a total, as of November 3, 2016, of $345 million in authorization for share repurchases. The Company expects the repurchases to be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, form and amount of the share repurchases under the program are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors, including free funds available at the parent company, market conditions, the Company's capital position, legal requirements and other factors. The repurchase program may be modified, extended or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. It does not have an expiration date. See Note 17, Shareholders' Equity, of the Financial Statements, for additional information about the Company's repurchases of its common shares, including the details of the authorization of repurchases from its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. 
    
  Summary of Share Repurchases 

____________________ 

Accretive Effect of Cumulative Repurchases(1) 

_________________ 
     
  In order to reduce leverage, and possibly rating agency capital charges, the Company has mutually agreed with beneficiaries to terminate selected financial guaranty insurance and credit derivative contracts. In particular, the Company has targeted investment grade securities for which claims are not expected but which carry a disproportionately large rating agency capital charge. The Company terminated $1.7 billion and $1.2 billion in net par of investment grade financial guaranty and credit default swap ("CDS") contracts in   Third Quarter 2016   and   Third Quarter 2015  , respectively. The Company terminated  
  
   117 

     Table of Contents  

$5.8 billion and $1.8 billion in net par of investment grade financial guaranty and CDS contracts in   Nine Months 2016   and   Nine Months 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Alternative Strategies 
    
  The Company considers alternative strategies in order to create long-term shareholder value. For example, the Company considers opportunities to acquire financial guaranty portfolios, whether by acquiring financial guarantors who are no longer actively writing new business or their insured portfolios, or by commuting business that it had previously ceded. These transactions enable the Company to improve its future earnings and deploy some of its excess capital. During Third Quarter 2016, the Company established an alternative investments group to focus on deploying a portion of the Company's excess capital to pursue acquisitions and develop new business opportunities that complement the Company's financial guaranty business, are in line with its risk profile and benefit from its credit experience. 
    
    CIFG Holding Inc.   On July 1, 2016, Assured Guaranty Corp. ("AGC") acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of CIFGH, for   $450.6 million   in cash.  Assured Guaranty US Holdings Inc. ("AGUS") previously owned   1.6%     of the outstanding shares of CIFGH, for which it received     $7.1 million     in consideration from AGC, resulting in a net consolidated purchase price of     $443 million  . AGC merged CIFG with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company, on July 5, 2016.     The CIFG Acquisition added     $4.2 billion     of net par insured on July 1, 2016.    In   Third Quarter 2016  , the acquisition contributed net income and operating income of approximately $2.32 per share, including the bargain purchase gain, loss on settlement of pre-existing relationships and activity since the day of CIFG Acquisition ("CIFG Acquisition Date"). Shareholders' equity benefited by $2.23 per share, operating shareholders' equity benefited by $2.23 per share and adjusted book value benefited by $3.85 per share as of the CIFG Acquisition Date.  
    
    Radian Asset Assurance Inc.   On April 1, 2015 (the "Radian Acquisition Date"), AGC completed the acquisition of Radian Asset Assurance Inc. ("Radian Asset") for a cash purchase price of $804.5 million. In connection with the acquisition, AGC acquired Radian Asset s entire insured portfolio, which resulted in an increase in net par outstanding as of the Radian Acquisition Date of approximately $13.6 billion, consisting of $9.4 billion public finance net par outstanding and $4.2 billion structured finance net par outstanding. In 2015, the acquisition contributed net income of approximately $2.46 per share and operating income of approximately $2.13 per share, including the bargain purchase gain, settlement of pre-existing relationships and activity since the Radian Acquisition Date. Shareholders' equity benefited by $1.04 per share, operating shareholders' equity benefited by $1.26 per share and adjusted book value benefited by $3.73 per share as of the Radian Acquisition Date. 
    
    MBIA UK Insurance Limited  .     On September 29, 2016, Assured Guaranty Ltd. announced that its subsidiary AGC entered into an agreement to acquire MBIA UK Insurance Limited ("MBIA UK"), the European operating subsidiary of MBIA Insurance Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "MBIA"). The parties expect the transaction to close in early January 2017, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance that regulatory approvals will be obtained.  
       
  Under the agreement, AGC will deliver to MBIA all of the notes issued in the Zohar II 2005-1 transaction that AGC holds, and the seller, MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited, will transfer to AGC all of the outstanding shares of MBIA UK plus   $23 million   in cash. The Zohar notes to be transferred had, as of September 30, 2016, a total outstanding principal of approximately   $347 million  . MBIA Insurance Corporation insures all of the notes issued in the Zohar II 2005-1 transaction.   
    
       As of June 30, 2016, MBIA UK had an insured portfolio of approximately   $13.0 billion   of net par. Assured Guaranty currently plans to maintain MBIA UK as a stand-alone entity but could combine it with other European affiliates in the future.  
    
  Loss Mitigation 
       
  In an effort to avoid or reduce potential losses in its insurance portfolios, the Company employs a number of strategies. 
       
  In the public finance area, the Company believes that its experience and the resources it is prepared to deploy, as well as its ability to provide bond insurance or other contributions as part of a solution, has resulted in more favorable outcomes in distressed public finance situations than would have been the case without its participation, as illustrated, for example, by the Company's role in the Detroit, Michigan; Stockton, California; and Jefferson County, Alabama financial crises.  Currently, the Company is an active participant in discussions with the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and its advisors with respect to a number of Puerto Rico credits.  For example, on December 24, 2015, AGC and Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. ("AGM") entered into an RSA with Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA"), an ad hoc group of uninsured bondholders and a  
  
   118 

     Table of Contents  

group of fuel-line lenders that would, subject to certain conditions, result in, among other things, modernization of the utility and a restructuring of current debt. Legislation meeting the requirements of the RSA was enacted on February 16, 2016, and a transition charge to be paid by PREPA rate payers for debt service on the securitization bonds as contemplated by the RSA was approved by the Puerto Rico Energy Commission on June 20, 2016.  The closing of the restructuring transaction and the issuance of the surety bonds are subject to certain conditions, including execution of acceptable documentation and legal opinions. There can be no assurance that the conditions in the RSA will be met or that, if the conditions are met, the RSA's other provisions, including those related to the restructuring of the insured PREPA revenue bonds, will be implemented. In addition, there also can be no assurance that the negotiations with respect to other Puerto Rico credits will result in agreements on a consensual recovery plans. 
    
  The Company is currently working with the servicers of some of the residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") it insures to encourage the servicers to provide alternatives to distressed borrowers that will encourage them to continue making payments on their loans and so improve the performance of the related RMBS. Many of the home equity lines of credit ("HELOC") loans underlying the HELOC RMBS are entering their amortization periods, which results in material increases to the size of the monthly payments the borrowers are required to make. 
    
       The Company also continues to purchase attractively priced obligations, including below-investment-grade ("BIG") obligations, that it has insured and for which it has expected losses to be paid, in order to mitigate the economic effect of insured losses ("loss mitigation securities"). These purchases resulted in a reduction of net expected loss to be paid of $558 million as of   September 30, 2016  . The fair value of assets purchased for loss mitigation purposes as of   September 30, 2016   (excluding the value of the Company's insurance) was $1,129 million, with a par of $2,027 million (including bonds related to FG VIEs of $49 million in fair value and $239 million in par).  
    
  In some instances, the terms of the Company's policy gives it the option to pay principal on an accelerated basis on an obligation on which it has paid a claim, thereby reducing the amount of guaranteed interest due in the future. The Company has at times exercised this option, which uses cash but reduces projected future losses.   
    
  In an effort to recover losses the Company experienced in its insured U.S. RMBS portfolio, the Company also continues to pursue providers of representations and warranties ("R W") by enforcing R W provisions in contracts, negotiating agreements with R W providers relating to those provisions and, where appropriate, pursuing litigation against R W providers. See Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid, of the Financial Statements. 
    
  Other Events 
    
  Brexit 
    
  The Company is evaluating the impact on its business of the referendum held in the U.K on June 23, 2016, in which a majority voted to exit the European Union ( EU ), known as  Brexit . Negotiations are expected to commence soon to determine the future terms of the U.K s relationship with the EU, including the terms of trade between the U.K. and the EU.  The negotiations, once commenced, are likely to last for two years, or possibly more. Brexit may impact laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company s U.K. subsidiaries and U.K. operations.  
    
  The Company cannot predict the direction Brexit-related developments will take nor the impact of those developments on the economies of the markets the Company serves, which may materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, but the Company has identified certain areas where Brexit may impact its business: 

Currency Impact.      The Company reports its accounts in US dollars, while some of its income, expenses and assets are denominated in other currencies, primarily the U.K s pound sterling and the EU s Euro. From March 31, 2016 to June 30, 2016, the value of pound sterling dropped from  0.69 per dollar to  0.75 per dollar, while the Euro dropped from  0.88 per dollar to  0.90 per dollar. For the second quarter 2016 the Company recognized losses of approximately $9 million in the consolidated statement of operations, net of tax, and approximately $18 million in other comprehensive income, net of tax, for foreign currency translation, that were primarily driven by the exchange rate fluctuations of the pound sterling. At September 30, 2016, the pound sterling was  0.77 per dollar, while the Euro was  0.89 per dollar. Future movements in currency exchange rates will also impact the consolidated statements of operation and other comprehensive income. 

U.K. Business.    Approximately $17.1 billion of the Company s insured net par is to risks located in the U.K., and most of that exposure is to utilities, with much of the rest to hospital facilities, toll roads, government accommodation, housing associations, universities and other public purpose enterprises that the Company  
     
   119 

     Table of Contents  

believes are not overly vulnerable to Brexit pressures. Assured Guaranty (Europe) Ltd. ( AGE ) is currently authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority ( PRA ) of the Bank of England with permissions sufficient to enable AGE to effect and carry out financial guaranty insurance and reinsurance in the U.K. Most of the new transactions insured by AGE since 2008 have been in the U.K.  

Business Elsewhere in the EU.    Approximately $6.3 billion of the Company s insured net par is to risks located in EU and European Economic Area ( EEA ) countries other than the U.K. Currently, EU directives allow AGE to conduct business in other EU or EEA states based on its PRA permissions. This is sometimes called  passporting . Depending on the terms of Brexit, AGE may, once Brexit is implemented, lose the ability to insure new transactions from London in non-U.K. EU and EEA countries without obtaining additional licenses, which may require a presence in another EU country. While pertinent laws and regulations have yet to be adopted or passed, the Company does not believe Brexit will adversely affect its surveillance and loss mitigation activities with respect to existing insured transactions in non-U.K. EU and EEA countries, except to the extent Brexit inhibits the issuance of new guaranties in distressed situations in non-U.K. EU or EEA countries. As noted above, most of the new transactions insured by AGE since 2008 have been in the U.K. 

Employees.      While nearly one-third of the employees working in AGE s London office are non-U.K. EU or EEA citizens, most of those employees currently qualify, and the Company expects the rest to qualify within the next two years, to become permanent residents under current U.K. law. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Estimates and Assumptions 
    
  The Company s consolidated financial statements include amounts that are determined using estimates and assumptions. The actual amounts realized could ultimately be materially different from the amounts currently provided for in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Management believes the most significant items requiring inherently subjective and complex estimates are expected losses, fair value estimates, other-than-temporary impairment, deferred income taxes, and premium revenue recognition. The following discussion of the results of operations includes information regarding the estimates and assumptions used for these items and should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
    
  An understanding of the Company s accounting policies is of critical importance to understanding its consolidated financial statements. See Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the significant accounting policies, the loss estimation process, and the fair value methodologies.  
    
  The Company carries a portion of its assets and liabilities at fair value, the majority of which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Level 3 assets, consisting primarily of financial guaranty variable interest entities  assets, credit derivative assets, and investments, represented approximately 17% and 20% of total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. All of the Company's liabilities that are measured at fair value are Level 3. See Note 7, Fair Value Measurement, of the Financial Statements for additional information about assets and liabilities classified as Level 3. 

120 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Results of Operations 
    
  Consolidated Results of Operations 

121 

     Table of Contents  

Net Earned Premiums 
    
  Net earned premiums are recognized over the contractual lives, or in the case of homogeneous pools of insured obligations, the remaining expected lives, of financial guaranty insurance contracts.  The Company estimates remaining expected lives of its insured obligations and makes prospective adjustments for such changes in expected lives.  Scheduled net earned premiums are expected to decrease each year unless replaced by a higher amount of new business, reassumptions of previously ceded business or books of business acquired in a business combination. See "Financial Guaranty Insurance Premiums" in Note 6, Financial Guaranty Insurance, of the Financial Statements, for additional information and the expected timing of future premium earnings. 
    
  Net Earned Premiums 

____________________ 
     
  Net earned premiums increased in   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016   compared with   Third Quarter 2015 
  and   Nine Months 2015   due primarily to higher accelerations, offset by the scheduled decline in structured finance par outstanding, as shown in the table above.  
    
  The increase in net earned premiums due to accelerations is attributable to changes in the expected lives of insured obligations driven by (a) refundings of insured obligations or (b) terminations of insured obligations either through negotiated agreements or the exercise of our contractual rights to make claim payments on an accelerated basis.   
       
  Refundings occur in the public finance market and have been at historically high levels in recent years due primarily to the low interest rate environment, which has allowed many municipalities and other public finance issuers to refinance their debt obligations at lower rates.  The premiums associated with the insured obligations of municipalities and other public finance issuers are generally received upfront when the obligations are issued and insured. When such issuers pay down insured obligations prior to their originally scheduled maturities, the Company is no longer on risk for payment defaults, and therefore accelerates the recognition of the nonrefundable unearned premiums remaining from the original upfront payment. 
       
  Terminations are generally negotiated agreements with issuers resulting in the extinguishment of the Company s insurance obligation with respect to the insured obligations. Terminations are more common in the structured finance asset class, but may also occur in the public finance asset class.  While each termination may have different terms, they all result in the expiration of the Company s insurance risk, such that the Company accelerates the recognition of the associated unearned premiums.  

122 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  ,   $3.5 billion   of net deferred premium revenue remained to be earned over the life of the insurance contracts. The CIFG Acquisition Date increased deferred premium revenue by $296 million. 
    
  Net Investment Income 
    
  Net investment income is a function of the yield that the Company earns on invested assets and the size of the portfolio. The investment yield is a function of market interest rates at the time of investment as well as the type, credit quality and maturity of the invested assets.  
    
  Net Investment Income (1) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Net investment income excludes   $1 million   and   $3 million   for   Third Quarter     2016   and   2015  , and   $8 million   and   $9 million   for   Nine Months     2016   and   2015  , respectively, related to securities in the investment portfolio owned by AGC and AGM that were issued by consolidated FG VIEs. 
       
  Net investment income for   Third Quarter 2016    and   Nine Months 2016   decreased compared to   Third Quarter 2015   and   Nine Months 2015   due primarily to lower average yield and additional income on securities within the internally managed portfolio purchased as part of loss mitigation strategies in 2015. The lower average yield is due primarily to proceeds from matured securities being reinvested at lower new market rates.   
    
  The overall pre-tax book yield was 3.57% as of   September 30, 2016   and 4.30% as of   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Excluding the internally managed portfolio, pre-tax book yield was 3.32% as of   September 30, 2016   compared with 3.49% as of   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) 
    
  The table below presents the components of net realized investment gains (losses). See Note 10, Investments and Cash, of the Financial Statements. 
    
  Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) 

123 

     Table of Contents  

Other-than-temporary-impairments in   Third Quarter     2016   and   2015  , and in   Nine Months     2016   and   2015   were primarily attributable to securities purchased for loss mitigation purposes and other-than-temporary-impairment recognized due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Realized gains in   Nine Months 2016   were due primarily to sales of securities in order to fund the purchase of CIFGH by AGC. Realized gains in   Nine Months     2015   were due primarily to sales of securities in order to fund the purchase of Radian Asset by AGC.   
    
  Bargain Purchase Gain and Settlement of Pre-existing Relationships  
    
  On July 1, 2016, AGC acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of CIFGH, the parent of financial guaranty insurer CIFG.  AGC caused the acquisition to be consummated on July 1, 2016 and merged CIFG with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company, on July 5, 2016. In connection with the acquisition, in   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016  , the Company recognized a   $357 million   bargain purchase gain and a   $98 million   loss on settlement of pre-existing relationships. 
    
  See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Financial Statements, for additional information. 
    
  On April 1, 2015, AGC completed the acquisition of Radian Asset and merged Radian Asset with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company of the merger. In connection with the acquisition, in   Third Quarter 2015   and   Nine Months 2015  , the Company recognized a $55 million bargain purchase gain and a $159 million gain on settlement of pre-existing relationships. 
    
  See Note 2, Acquisition of Radian Asset Assurance Inc., in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of AGL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for additional information. 
    
  Other Income (Loss) 
    
  Other income (loss) comprises recurring items such as foreign exchange remeasurement gains and losses, ancillary fees on financial guaranty policies such as commitment, consent and processing fees, and if applicable, other revenue items on financial guaranty insurance and reinsurance contracts such as commutation gains on re-assumptions of previously ceded business, loss mitigation recoveries and certain non-recurring items.  In   Nine Months     2016  , other income primarily comprised a benefit due to loss mitigation recoveries, offset in part by a loss on foreign exchange mainly due to the decline in the exchange rate of the British pound. In   Nine Months 2015  , other income primarily comprised a commutation gain on the reassumption of ceded books of business from certain of its reinsurers and a benefit due to loss mitigation recoveries. 
               
  Other Income (Loss) 

Economic Loss Development 
    
  The insured portfolio includes policies accounted for under three separate accounting models depending on the characteristics of the contract and the Company s control rights. Please refer to Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid, of the Financial Statements, for a discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used in calculating the expected loss to be paid for all contracts. For a discussion of the loss estimation process, approach to projecting losses in the U.S. RMBS portfolio and the measurement and recognition accounting policies under GAAP for each type of contract, see the following in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Note 5 for expected loss to be paid, 
                
    Note 6 for financial guaranty insurance,  
                
    Note 7 for fair value methodologies for credit derivatives and FG VIE assets and liabilities, 
     
   124 

     Table of Contents  

Note 8 for credit derivatives, and 
                
    Note 9 for consolidated FG VIEs. 
          
  The discussion of losses that follows encompasses losses on all contracts in the insured portfolio regardless of accounting model, unless otherwise specified. In order to effectively evaluate and manage the economics of the entire insured portfolio, management compiles and analyzes expected loss information for all policies on a consistent basis. That is, management monitors and assigns ratings and calculates expected losses in the same manner for all its exposures. Management also considers contract specific characteristics that affect the estimates of expected loss. 
    
  The surveillance process for identifying transactions with expected losses is described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. More extensive monitoring and intervention is employed for all BIG surveillance categories, with internal credit ratings reviewed quarterly. 
       
  Net expected loss to be paid consists primarily of the present value of future: expected claim and LAE payments, expected recoveries from excess spread and other collateral in the transaction structures, cessions to reinsurers, and expected recoveries for breaches of R W and the effects of other loss mitigation strategies. Current risk free rates are used to discount expected losses at the end of each reporting period and therefore changes in such rates from period to period affect the expected loss estimates reported. Assumptions used in the determination of the net expected loss to be paid such as delinquency, severity, and discount rates and expected time frames to recovery in the mortgage market were consistent by sector regardless of the accounting model used. The primary drivers of economic loss development are discussed below. Changes in risk free rates used to discount losses affect economic loss development,  loss and LAE, and operating loss and LAE; however the effect of changes in discount rates are not indicative of actual credit impairment or improvement in the period. 
    
  The primary differences between net economic loss development and loss and LAE are that the amount reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations:  

considers deferred premium revenue in the calculation of loss reserves and loss and LAE for financial guaranty insurance contracts,  

eliminates loss and LAE related to FG VIEs and  

does not include estimated losses on credit derivatives.  
       
  Loss and LAE reported in operating income (i.e. operating loss and LAE) includes losses on financial guaranty insurance, credit derivatives and FG VIEs.  

125 

     Table of Contents  

For financial guaranty insurance contracts, the loss and LAE reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is generally recorded only when expected losses exceed deferred premium revenue. Therefore, the timing of loss recognition in income does not necessarily coincide with the timing of the actual credit impairment or improvement reported in net economic loss development. Transactions acquired in a business combination generally have the largest deferred premium revenue balances because of the purchase accounting adjustments made at acquisition. Therefore the largest differences between net economic loss development and loss and LAE on financial guaranty insurance contracts generally relate to these policies. See "Loss and LAE (Financial Guaranty Insurance Contracts)" below. 
    
  Net Expected Loss to be Paid    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    The Company s agreements with R W providers generally provide that, as the Company makes claim payments, the R W providers reimburse it for those claims; if the Company later receives reimbursement through the transaction (for example, from excess spread), the Company repays the R W providers.   When the Company projects receiving more reimbursements in the future than it projects paying in claims on transactions covered by R W settlement agreements, the Company will have a net R W payable.     

Economic Loss Development (Benefit) (1) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Economic loss development includes the effects of changes in assumptions based on observed market trends, changes in discount rates, accretion of discount and the economic effects of loss mitigation efforts. 

Third Quarter 2016   Net Economic Loss Development   
    
  The total economic benefit of   $44 million   in   Third Quarter 2016   was generated mainly by the structured finance sector. The risk-free rates used to discount expected losses ranged from   0.0%   to   2.42%   as of   September 30, 2016   and 0.0% to 2.46% as of June 30, 2016. The effect of changes in the risk-free rates used to discount expected losses was a benefit of   $29 million   in   Third Quarter 2016  . 

126 

     Table of Contents  

U.S. Public Finance Economic Loss Development:    The net par outstanding for U.S. public finance obligations rated BIG by the Company was   $7.6 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   compared with $8.3 billion as of June 30, 2016. The Company projects that its total net expected loss across its troubled U.S. public finance credits as of   September 30, 2016   will be   $816 million  , compared with $963 million as of June 30, 2016. Economic loss development in   Third Quarter 2016   was   $9 million  , which was primarily attributable to Puerto Rico exposures and the effect of changing discount rates. See "Insured Portfolio-Exposure to Puerto Rico" below for details about significant developments that have taken place in Puerto Rico.  
    
    U.S. RMBS Economic Loss Development:    The net benefit attributable to U.S. RMBS was   $27 million   and was due mainly to underlying collateral improvement on certain subprime transactions and an increase in the expected recovery rate on certain second lien transactions.  
    
  Other Structured Finance Economic Loss Development:    The net benefit attributable to structured finance (excluding U.S. RMBS) was   $25 million  , due primarily to a benefit from the purchase of a portion of an insured obligation as part of a loss mitigation strategy. 
    
    Third Quarter 2015   Net Economic Loss Development 
    
  Total economic benefit of   $3 million   in   Third Quarter 2015   was generated mainly by a net benefit in the structured finance sector, partially offset by a loss development in the U.S. public finance sector. The risk-free rates used to discount expected losses ranged from 0.0% to 3.34% as of September 30, 2015 and 0.0% to 3.37% as of June 30, 2015. The effect of changes in the risk-free rates used to discount expected losses was a loss of   $11 million   in   Third Quarter 2015  . 
    
  U.S. Public Finance Economic Loss Development:    The net par outstanding for U.S. public finance obligations rated BIG by the Company was $9.5 billion as of September 30, 2015 compared with $9.9 billion as of June 30, 2015. Economic loss development in Third Quarter 2015 was $92 million, which was primarily attributable to Puerto Rico exposures.  
    
    U.S. RMBS Economic Loss Development:    Economic loss development attributable to U.S. RMBS was a benefit of $76 million primarily attributable to an R W settlement, and a benefit related to the acceleration of claim payments as a means of mitigating future losses on certain Alt-A transactions.  
    
    Other structured finance:    Economic loss development in this sector was a benefit of $18 million, which was due primarily to a termination of a commercial mortgage-backed security ("CMBS") transaction. 
    
    Nine Months   2016 Net Economic Loss Development   
    
  Total economic loss development of   $37 million   in   Nine Months 2016   was generated mainly by the U.S. public finance sector on Puerto Rico exposures, partially offset by a net benefit in the structured finance sector due to the acceleration of claim payments as a means of mitigating future losses on certain Alt-A transactions and underlying collateral improvement on U.S. RMBS transactions. The effect of the change in the risk-free rates used to discount expected losses was a loss of   $79 million   in   Nine Months 2016  . 
    
    Nine Months 2015   Net Economic Loss Development  
    
  Total economic loss development of $186 million in Nine Months 2015 was primarily due to higher U.S. public finance losses on Puerto Rico exposures, partially offset by U.S. RMBS R W benefits attributable to settlements and a benefit due to the acceleration of claim payments as a means of mitigating future losses on certain Alt-A transactions.  
       
    Loss and LAE (Financial Guaranty Insurance Contracts) 
    
  For transactions accounted for as financial guaranty insurance under GAAP, each transaction s expected loss to be expensed, net of estimated recoveries, is compared with the deferred premium revenue of that transaction. Generally, when the expected loss to be expensed exceeds the deferred premium revenue, a loss is recognized in the income statement for the amount of such excess. When the Company measures operating income, a non-GAAP financial measure, it calculates the credit derivative and FG VIE losses incurred in a similar manner.  
    
  While expected loss to be paid is an important liquidity measure that provides the present value of amounts that the Company expects to pay or recover in future periods on all contracts, expected loss to be expensed is important because it presents the Company s projection of loss and LAE that will be recognized in future periods as deferred premium revenue amortizes into income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for financial guaranty insurance policies.  Expected loss to  
  
   127 

     Table of Contents  

be paid for FG VIEs pursuant to AGC s and AGM s financial guaranty policies is calculated in a manner consistent with financial guaranty insurance contracts, but eliminated in consolidation under GAAP. 
    
  The following table presents the loss and LAE recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.   These amounts are based on economic loss development and expected losses to be paid for financial guaranty insurance contracts only, and the amortization of the related unearned premium reserve on a transaction by transaction basis.  Amounts presented are net of reinsurance. 
    
  Loss and LAE Reported 
  on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 

____________________ 
     
  Loss and LAE in   Third Quarter 2016   was mainly driven by lower loss reserves in the structured finance sector. The non-U.S. RMBS structured finance sector benefited from the purchase of a portion of an insured obligation as part of a loss mitigation strategy. In   Third Quarter 2015  , loss and LAE were due primarily to Puerto Rico exposures, partially offset by a benefit from accelerated payments to reduce future losses. 
    
  Loss and LAE in   Nine Months 2016   was mainly driven by higher loss reserves on certain Puerto Rico exposures partially offset by a benefit from the non-U.S. RMBS structured finance transaction loss mitigation strategy described above, and commutations of certain assumed student loan exposures. In   Nine Months 2015  , loss and LAE incurred were due primarily to increased loss estimates on certain Puerto Rico exposures. 
    
  For financial guaranty contracts accounted for as insurance, the amounts reported in the GAAP financial statements may only reflect a portion of the current period s economic loss development and may also include a portion of prior-period economic loss development. The difference between economic loss development on financial guaranty insurance contracts and loss and LAE recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations relates to the effect of taking deferred premium revenue into account for loss and LAE, which is not considered in economic loss development. 

128 

     Table of Contents  

The table below presents the expected timing of loss recognition for insurance contracts on both a reported GAAP net income and non-GAAP operating income basis. 
    
  Financial Guaranty Insurance  
  Net Expected Loss to be Expensed 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Net expected loss to be expensed for GAAP reported income is different than operating income, a non-GAAP financial measure, by the amount related to consolidated FG VIEs and credit derivatives. 
       
  Net Change in Fair Value of Credit Derivatives 
     
  Changes in the fair value of credit derivatives occur primarily because of changes in interest rates, credit spreads, notional amounts, credit ratings of the referenced entities, expected terms, realized gains (losses) and other settlements, and the issuing company's own credit rating and credit spreads, and other market factors. With considerable volatility continuing in the market, unrealized gains (losses) on credit derivatives may fluctuate significantly in future periods.    
    
  Except for net estimated credit impairments (i.e., net expected payments), the unrealized gains and losses on credit derivatives are expected to reduce to zero as the exposure approaches its maturity date. Changes in the fair value of the Company s credit derivatives that do not reflect actual or expected claims or credit losses have no impact on the Company s statutory claims-paying resources, rating agency capital or regulatory capital positions. Expected losses to be paid in respect of contracts accounted for as credit derivatives are included in the discussion above  Economic Loss Development.  
     
  The impact of changes in credit spreads will vary based upon the volume, tenor, interest rates, and other market conditions at the time these fair values are determined. In addition, since each transaction has unique collateral and structural terms, the underlying change in fair value of each transaction may vary considerably. The fair value of credit derivative contracts also reflects the change in the Company s own credit cost based on the price to purchase credit protection on AGC and AGM. The Company determines its own credit risk based on quoted CDS prices traded on the Company at each balance sheet date. Generally, a widening of credit spreads of the underlying obligations results in unrealized losses and the tightening of credit spreads of the underlying obligations results in unrealized gains. A widening of the CDS prices traded on AGC and AGM has an effect of offsetting unrealized losses that result from widening general market credit spreads, while a narrowing of the CDS prices traded on AGC and AGM has an effect of offsetting unrealized gains that result from narrowing general market credit spreads. 
    
  The valuation of the Company s credit derivative contracts requires the use of models that contain significant, unobservable inputs, and are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The models used to determine fair value are primarily developed internally based on market conventions for similar transactions that the Company observed in the past. There has been very limited new issuance activity in this market over the past several years and as of   September 30, 2016  , market prices for the Company s credit derivative contracts were generally not available. Inputs to the estimate of fair value  
  
   129 

     Table of Contents  

include various market indices, credit spreads, the Company s own credit spread, and estimated contractual payments.  See Note 7, Fair Value Measurement, of the Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Net Change in Fair Value of Credit Derivatives Gain (Loss) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes realized gains and losses due to terminations and settlements of CDS contracts.  

Net Par and Realized Gains 
  from Terminations and Settlements of Credit Derivative Contracts  

During Third Quarter 2016, unrealized fair value gains were generated primarily as a result of CDS terminations in the pooled corporate and other sectors and price improvements on the underlying collateral of the Company s CDS. This was the primary driver of the unrealized fair value gains in the pooled corporate CLO, and other sectors. The unrealized fair value gains were partially offset by unrealized losses resulting from wider implied net spreads across all sectors. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased significantly during the period. These transactions were pricing at or above their floor levels (or the minimum rate at which the Company would consider assuming these risks based on historical experience); therefore when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM, which management refers to as the CDS spread on AGC and AGM, decreased the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased.       
       
    During Nine Months 2016, unrealized fair value losses were generated primarily in the trust preferred sector, due to wider implied net spreads. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year and five year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased during the period. These transactions were pricing at or above their floor levels, therefore when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM decreased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased. The unrealized fair value losses were partially offset by unrealized fair value gains which resulted from the terminations of several CDS transactions during the period. The majority of the CDS transactions were terminated as a result of settlement agreements with several CDS counterparties.    

130 

     Table of Contents  

During Third Quarter 2015, unrealized fair value gains were driven primarily by the termination of a Triple-X life-securitization transaction in the other sector. These unrealized gains were partially offset by wider implied net spreads in the Company s pooled corporate CLO sector. The wider implied net spreads were primarily a result of the decreased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year and five year CDS spreads, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection decreased during the period. For those CDS transactions that were pricing above their floor levels, when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM decreased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions increased.     
    
    During Nine Months 2015, unrealized fair value gains were generated primarily in the U.S. RMBS prime first lien and Option ARM and subprime sectors, due to tighter implied net spreads. The tighter implied net spreads were primarily a result of the increased cost to buy protection in AGC s and AGM s name, particularly for the one year CDS spread, as the market cost of AGC s and AGM s credit protection increased during the period.  For those CDS transactions that were pricing above their floor levels, when the cost of purchasing CDS protection on AGC and AGM increased, the implied spreads that the Company would expect to receive on these transactions decreased. The unrealized fair value gains in the other sector were a result of the termination of a Triple-X life-securitization transaction, referenced above. In addition, during Nine Months 2015 there was a refinement in methodology to address an instance in a U.S. RMBS transaction that changed from an expected loss to an expected recovery position.   This refinement resulted in approximately   $49 million   in fair value gains in Nine Months 2015.  
    
  CDS Spread on AGC and AGM 
  Quoted price of CDS contract (in basis points) 

Effect of Changes in the Company s Credit Spread on 
  Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Credit Derivatives 

Management believes that the trading level of AGC s and AGM s credit spreads over the past several years has been due to the correlation between AGC s and AGM s risk profile and the current risk profile of the broader financial markets, as well as the overall lack of liquidity in the CDS market. Offsetting the benefit attributable to AGC s and AGM s credit spread were higher credit spreads in the fixed income security markets relative to pre-financial crisis levels. The higher credit spreads in the fixed income security market are due to the lack of liquidity in the high-yield collateralized debt obligations ("CDO"), TruPS CDOs, and collateralized loan obligation ("CLO") markets as well as continuing market concerns over the 2005-2007 vintages of RMBS. 

131 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Guaranty Variable Interest Entities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company consolidated   32   and 34 VIEs, respectively. The table below presents the effects on reported GAAP income resulting from consolidating these FG VIEs and eliminating their related insurance and investment accounts and, in total, represents a difference between GAAP reported net income and non-GAAP operating income attributable to FG VIEs. The consolidation of FG VIEs has an effect on net income and shareholders' equity due to: 

changes in fair value gains (losses) on FG VIE assets and liabilities, 

the eliminations of premiums and losses related to the AGC and AGM FG VIE liabilities with recourse, and 

the elimination of investment balances related to the Company s purchase of AGC and AGM insured FG VIE debt.  
       
  Upon consolidation of a FG VIE, the related insurance and, if applicable, the related investment balances, are considered intercompany transactions and therefore eliminated. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures Operating Income  below and Note 9, Consolidated Variable Interest Entities, of the Financial Statements for more details. 
    
  Effect of Consolidating FG VIEs on Net Income 

Fair value gains (losses) on FG VIEs represent the net change in fair value on the consolidated FG VIEs  assets and liabilities. During   Third Quarter 2016  , the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value loss on consolidated FG VIEs of   $11 million   and during   Nine Months 2016  , the Company recorded a gain of   $11 million  .   The primary drivers of the loss during Third Quarter 2016 were the net mark-to-market losses due to price depreciation on the FG VIE assets, resulting from declines in value in the underlying collateral, and the price appreciation on the FG VIE recourse liabilities during the quarter, resulting from the tightening of the Company's credit spread. The primary driver of the Nine Months 2016 gain in fair value of FG VIEs assets and liabilities was net mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets during the nine months period resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral.     
    
  During Third Quarter 2015, the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value gain on consolidated FG VIEs of   $2 million  . The primary driver of the gain was mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets during the quarter resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral. During Nine Months 2015, the Company recorded a pre-tax net fair value loss on consolidated FG VIEs of less than   $1 million  . The primary driver of the loss was a pre-tax loss of   $26 million   on the consolidation of   one   new FG VIE which was mostly offset by net mark-to-market gains due to price appreciation on the FG VIE assets resulting from improvements in the underlying collateral. 
    
  Net Change in Fair Value of CCS 
       
  The fair value losses for   Third Quarter 2016   and   Nine Months 2016   were due to the narrowing of the credit spreads of AGM and AGC. The fair value loss for   Third Quarter 2015   and fair value gain for   Nine Months 2015   were due to the narrowing and widening, respectively, of their credit spreads during those periods.  

132 

     Table of Contents  

Other Operating Expenses 
       
  Other operating expenses in Third Quarter 2016 increased by $11 million compared to Third Quarter 2015 due primarily to expenses related to the CIFG Acquisition.  
    
  Other operating expenses in Nine Months 2016 increased by $12 million compared to Nine Months 2016 due primarily to the accelerated amortization of leasehold improvements as a result of the Company's move of its New York offices.  
    
  Provision for Income Tax 
    
  Provision for Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rates 

The Company s effective tax rates reflect the proportion of income recognized by each of the Company s operating subsidiaries, with U.S. subsidiaries taxed at the U.S. marginal corporate income tax rate of   35%  , U.K. subsidiaries taxed at the U.K. marginal corporate tax rate of   20%   unless subject to U.S. tax by election or as a U.S. controlled foreign corporation, and no taxes for the Company s Bermuda subsidiaries unless subject to U.S tax by election or as a U.S. controlled foreign corporation. The Company s overall corporate effective tax rate fluctuates based on the distribution of taxable income across these jurisdictions. In each of the periods presented, the portion of taxable income from each jurisdiction varied. The non-taxable book to tax differences were mostly consistent as compared to the prior period with the exception of the benefit on bargain purchase gain from the CIFG Acquisition. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  To reflect the key financial measures management analyzes in evaluating the Company s operations and progress towards long-term goals, the Company discloses both financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP and financial measures not determined in accordance with GAAP ( non-GAAP financial measures ). Financial measures identified as non-GAAP should not be considered substitutes for GAAP financial measures. The primary limitation of non-GAAP financial measures is the potential lack of comparability to financial measures of other companies, which may define non-GAAP financial measures differently than Assured Guaranty. Three of the primary non-GAAP financial measures analyzed by the Company s senior management are: operating income, adjusted book value and PVP. 
    
  Management and the Board of Directors use non-GAAP financial measures, as well as GAAP financial measures and other factors, to evaluate the Company s results of operations, financial condition and progress towards long-term goals. By disclosing non-GAAP financial measures, the Company gives investors, analysts and financial news reporters access to some of the same information that management and the Board of Directors review internally. Assured Guaranty believes its presentation of non-GAAP financial measures is consistent with how analysts calculate their estimates of Assured Guaranty s financial results in their research reports on Assured Guaranty and with how investors, analysts and the financial news media evaluate Assured Guaranty s financial results.    
    
    Many investors, analysts and financial news reporters use operating shareholders  equity as the principal financial measure for valuing AGL s current share price or projected share price and also as the basis of their decision to recommend, buy or sell AGL s common shares. Many of the Company s fixed income investors also use operating shareholders  equity to evaluate the Company s capital adequacy. Many investors, analysts and financial news reporters also use adjusted book value to evaluate AGL s share price and as the basis of their decision to recommend, buy or sell the AGL common shares. Operating income enables investors and analysts to evaluate the Company s financial results as compared with the consensus analyst estimates distributed publicly by financial databases. Two non-GAAP financial measures, growth in adjusted book value per share and operating income, are key measures used to help determine compensation.    
    
  The following paragraphs define each non-GAAP financial measure disclosed by the Company and describe why it is useful. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure   is presented below.     

133 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Income 
    
  Management believes that operating income is a useful measure because it presents the results of operations of the Company with all financial guaranty contracts accounted for on a consistent basis and excludes fair value adjustments that are not expected to result in economic gain or loss, which clarifies the understanding of the underwriting results and financial condition of the Company. Operating income is defined as net income (loss) attributable to AGL, as reported under GAAP, adjusted for the following:    
    
           1) 
    Elimination of realized gains (losses) on the Company s investments, except for gains and losses on securities classified as trading. The timing of realized gains and losses, which depends largely on market credit cycles, can vary considerably across periods. The timing of sales is largely subject to the Company s discretion and influenced by market opportunities, as well as the Company s tax and capital profile.    
       
           2) 
    Elimination of non-credit-impairment unrealized fair value gains (losses) on credit derivatives, which is the amount in excess of the present value of the expected estimated economic credit losses, and non-economic payments. Such fair value adjustments are heavily affected by, and in part fluctuate with, changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and other market factors and are not expected to result in an economic gain or loss. Additionally, this adjustment presents all financial guaranty contracts on a more consistent basis of accounting, whether or not they are subject to derivative accounting rules.    
       
           3) 
    Elimination of fair value gains (losses) on the Company s CCS. Such amounts are heavily affected by, and in part fluctuate with, changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and other market factors and are not expected to result in an economic gain or loss.    
       
           4) 
    Elimination of foreign exchange gains (losses) on remeasurement of net premium receivables and loss and LAE reserves. Long-dated receivables and loss and LAE reserves represent the present value of future contractual or expected cash flows. Therefore, the current period s foreign exchange remeasurement gains (losses) are not necessarily indicative of the total foreign exchange gains (losses) that the Company will ultimately recognize.    
       
           5) 
    Elimination of the effects of consolidating FG VIEs. GAAP requires the Company to consolidate certain VIEs that have issued debt obligations insured by the Company even though the Company does not own such VIEs. This adjustment presents all financial guaranty contracts on a more consistent basis of accounting, whether or not GAAP requires consolidation.    
       
  6)	Elimination of the tax effects related to the above adjustments, which are determined by applying the statutory tax rate in each of the jurisdictions that generate these adjustments.     

134 

     Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss)  
  to Operating Income 

Operating Shareholders  Equity and Adjusted Book Value  
    
         Management believes that operating shareholders  equity is a useful measure because it presents the equity of the Company with all financial guaranty contracts accounted for on a consistent basis and excludes fair value adjustments that are not expected to result in economic gain or loss, which clarifies the understanding of the underwriting results and financial condition of the Company. Operating shareholders  equity is the basis of the calculation of adjusted book value (see below). Operating shareholders  equity is defined as shareholders  equity attributable to AGL, as reported under GAAP, adjusted for the following:    
    
           1) 
    Elimination of the effects of consolidating FG VIEs in order to present all financial guaranty contracts on a more consistent basis of accounting, whether or not GAAP requires consolidation. GAAP requires the Company to consolidate certain VIEs that have issued debt obligations insured by the Company even though the Company does not own such VIEs.    
       
           2) 
    Elimination of non-credit-impairment unrealized fair value gains (losses) on credit derivatives, which is the amount in excess of the present value of the expected estimated economic credit losses, and non-economic payments. Such fair value adjustments are heavily affected by, and in part fluctuate with, changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and other market factors and are not expected to result in an economic gain or loss.    
       
           3) 
    Elimination of fair value gains (losses) on the Company s CCS. Such amounts are heavily affected by, and in part fluctuate with, changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and other market factors and are not expected to result in an economic gain or loss.    
       
           4) 
    Elimination of unrealized gains (losses) on the Company s investments that are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income   ( AOCI )   (excluding foreign exchange remeasurement). The AOCI component of the fair value adjustment on the investment portfolio is not deemed economic because the Company generally holds these investments to maturity and therefore should not recognize an economic gain or loss.     
       
   5) 	Elimination of the tax asset or liability related to the above adjustments, which are determined by applying the statutory tax rate in each of the jurisdictions that generate these adjustments.    

135 

     Table of Contents  

Management uses adjusted book value to measure the intrinsic value of the Company, excluding franchise value. Growth in adjusted book value per share is one of the key financial measures used in determining the amount of certain long term compensation to management and employees and used by rating agencies and investors. Management believes that adjusted book value is a useful measure because it enables an evaluation of the net present value of the Company s in-force premiums and revenues net of expected losses. Adjusted book value is operating shareholders  equity, as defined above, further adjusted for the following:    
    
           1) 
    Elimination of deferred acquisition costs, net. These amounts represent net deferred expenses that have already been paid or accrued and will be expensed in future accounting periods.    
       
           2) 
    Addition of the net present value of estimated net future credit derivative revenue. See below.    
       
           3) 
    Addition of the deferred premium revenue on financial guaranty contracts in excess of expected loss to be expensed, net of reinsurance. This amount represents the expected future net earned premiums, net of expected losses to be expensed, which are not reflected in GAAP equity.    
       
  4) 	Elimination of the tax asset or liability related to the above adjustments, which are determined by applying the statutory tax rate in each of the jurisdictions that generate these adjustments.    
    
    The premiums and revenues included in adjusted book value will be earned in future periods, but actual earnings may differ materially from the estimated amounts used in determining current adjusted book value due to changes in foreign exchange rates, prepayment speeds, terminations, credit defaults and other factors.    
    
  Reconciliation of Shareholders  Equity 
  to Adjusted Book Value 

136 

     Table of Contents  

Net Present Value of Estimated Net Future Credit Derivative Revenue 
    
  Management believes that this amount is a useful measure because it enables an evaluation of the value of future estimated credit derivative revenue. There is no corresponding GAAP financial measure. This amount represents the present value of estimated future revenue from the Company s credit derivative in-force book of business, net of reinsurance, ceding commissions and premium taxes, for contracts without expected economic losses, and is discounted at 6%. Estimated net future credit derivative revenue may change from period to period due to changes in foreign exchange rates, prepayment speeds, terminations, credit defaults or other factors that affect par outstanding or the ultimate maturity of an obligation.     
    
  PVP or Present Value of New Business Production  
    
  Management believes that PVP is a useful measure because it enables the evaluation of the value of new business production for the Company by taking into account the value of estimated future installment premiums on all new contracts underwritten in a reporting period as well as premium supplements and additional installment premium on existing contracts as to which the issuer has the right to call the insured obligation but has not exercised such right, whether in insurance or credit derivative contract form, which GAAP gross written premiums and the net credit derivative premiums received and receivable portion of net realized gains and other settlements on credit derivatives   ( Credit Derivative Revenues )   do not adequately measure. PVP in respect of financial guaranty contracts written in a specified period is defined as gross upfront and installment premiums received and the present value of gross estimated future installment premiums, in each case, discounted at 6%. For purposes of the PVP calculation, management discounts estimated future installment premiums on insurance contracts at 6%, while under GAAP, these amounts are discounted at a risk free rate. Additionally, under GAAP, management records future installment premiums on financial guaranty insurance contracts covering non-homogeneous pools of assets based on the contractual term of the transaction, whereas for PVP purposes, management records an estimate of the future installment premiums the Company expects to receive, which may be based upon a shorter period of time than the contractual term of the transaction. Actual future net earned or written premiums and Credit Derivative Revenues may differ from PVP due to factors including, but not limited to, changes in foreign exchange rates, prepayment speeds, terminations, credit defaults, or other factors that affect par outstanding or the ultimate maturity of an obligation.      
    
  Reconciliation of PVP to Gross Written Premiums 

137 

     Table of Contents  

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes present value of new business on installment policies discounted at the prescribed GAAP discount rates, gross written premium adjustments on existing installment policies due to changes in assumptions, any cancellations of assumed reinsurance contracts, and other GAAP adjustments. 

Insured Portfolio 
    
  The following tables present the insured portfolio by asset class net of cessions to reinsurers. It includes all financial guaranty contracts outstanding as of the dates presented, regardless of the form written (i.e., credit derivative form or traditional financial guaranty insurance form) or the applicable accounting model (i.e., insurance, derivative or VIE consolidation). The Company excludes amounts attributable to loss mitigation securities (unless otherwise indicated) from par and principal and interest ("debt service") outstanding because it manages such securities as investments not insurance exposures. 
  
   138 

     Table of Contents  

Net Par Outstanding and Average Internal Rating by Sector 

139 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth the Company s net financial guaranty portfolio by internal rating. 
    
  Financial Guaranty Portfolio by Internal Rating (1) 
  As of September 30, 2016 

_____________________ 
     
           (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , excludes   $2.1 billion   of net par as a result of loss mitigation strategies, including loss securities held in the investment portfolio, which are primarily BIG.  

Financial Guaranty Portfolio by Internal Rating 
  As of December 31, 2015    

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    As of   December 31, 2015  , excludes   $1.5 billion   of net par as a result of loss mitigation strategies, including loss mitigation securities held in the investment portfolio, which are primarily BIG.  
       
  Exposure to Puerto Rico 
            
    The Company has insured exposure to general obligation bonds of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ( Puerto Rico  or the  Commonwealth ) and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations aggregating   $4.8 billion   net par as of   September 30, 2016  , rated triple-C or below.  
    
    Puerto Rico has experienced significant general fund budget deficits in recent years. In addition to high debt levels, Puerto Rico faces a challenging economic environment; the economy has declined nearly every year since 2007, while the population has shrunk every year since 2006 as residents have emigrated.  
    
    On June 28, 2015, Governor Garc a Padilla of Puerto Rico (the "Governor") publicly stated that the Commonwealth s public debt, considering the current level of economic activity, was unpayable and that a comprehensive debt restructuring might be necessary.     

140 

     Table of Contents  

On November 30, 2015 and December 8, 2015, the Governor issued executive orders ( Clawback Orders ) directing the Puerto Rico Department of Treasury and the Puerto Rico Tourism Company to retain or transfer certain taxes pledged to secure the payment of bonds issued by the Puerto Rico Highways and Transportation Authority ("PRHTA"), Puerto Rico Infrastructure Financing Authority ("PRIFA"), and Puerto Rico Convention Center District Authority ("PRCCDA"). On January 7, 2016, the Company sued various Puerto Rico governmental officials in the United States District Court, District of Puerto Rico, asserting that this attempt to  claw back  pledged taxes is unconstitutional, and demanding declaratory and injunctive relief. The Puerto Rico credits insured by the Company subject to the Clawback Orders are shown in the table  Puerto Rico Net Par Outstanding  below.    
       
    On January 1, 2016, PRIFA defaulted on payment of a portion of the interest due on its bonds on that date, resulting in a claim on the Company for those PRIFA bonds the Company insures. There have been additional payment defaults on this and other Puerto Rico credits since then, including, on July 1, 2016, a default on the payment of the Commonwealth s general obligation bonds. The Company has now paid claims on several Puerto Rico credits as shown in the table  Puerto Rico Net Par Outstanding  below.  
    
    On April 6, 2016, the Governor signed into law the Puerto Rico Emergency Moratorium   Financial Rehabilitation Act (the  Moratorium Act ). The Moratorium Act purportedly empowers the Governor to declare, entity by entity, states of emergencies and moratoriums on debt service payments on obligations of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations, as well as instituting a stay against related litigation, among other things. The Governor has used the authority of the Moratorium Act to take a number of actions related to issuers of obligations the Company insures.  National Public Finance Guarantee Corporation ("National") (another financial guarantor), holders of the Commonwealth general obligation bonds and certain Puerto Rico residents have filed suits to invalidate the Moratorium Act, and on July 21, 2016, the Company filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the stay of litigation imposed by the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act ( PROMESA ) to seek a declaration that the Moratorium Act is preempted by Federal bankruptcy law; that motion was denied on November 2, 2016, on procedural grounds. The PROMESA stay expires on February 15, 2017.  
    
    On June 13, 2016, the Supreme Court of the United States affirmed rulings of lower courts finding that the Puerto Rico Public Corporation Debt Enforcement and Recovery Act, which was enacted by Puerto Rico in June 2014 in order to provide a legislative framework for certain public corporations experiencing severe financial stress to restructure their debt, was preempted by the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and therefore void.    
    
    On June 30, 2016, PROMESA was signed into law by the President of the United States. PROMESA establishes a seven-member federal financial oversight board ( Oversight Board ) with authority to require that balanced budgets and fiscal plans be adopted and implemented by Puerto Rico. PROMESA provides a legal framework under which the debt of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations may be voluntarily restructured, and grants the Oversight Board the sole authority to file restructuring petitions in a federal court to restructure the debt of the Commonwealth and its related authorities and public corporations if voluntary negotiations fail, provided that any such restructuring must be in accordance with an Oversight Board approved fiscal plan that respects the liens and priorities provided under Puerto Rico law. PROMESA also appears to preempt at least portions of the Moratorium Act and appears to stay debt-related litigation, possibly including the Company s litigation regarding the Clawback Orders. On August 31, 2016, the President of the United States appointed the seven members of the Oversight Board.   
    
    The Oversight Board has begun meeting. Press reports indicate that the Oversight Board has set a target of mid-January 2017 for hiring an executive director and is considering intervening in certain litigation relating to the Moratorium Act or otherwise related to Puerto Rico s debt problems. On October 28, 2016, the Oversight Board filed a motion to intervene in the litigation noted above initiated by the Company on July 21, 2016, and seeking relief from the PROMESA stay. That motion was denied on November 1, 2016, without prejudice, on procedural grounds. The Oversight Board also may seek in the future to intervene in litigation initiated by the Company.    
    
  The final shape, timing and validity of responses to Puerto Rico s distress eventually enacted or implemented under the auspices of PROMESA and the Oversight Board or otherwise, and the impact of any such responses on obligations insured by the Company, is uncertain. 
    
  The Company groups its Puerto Rico exposure into three categories: 

Constitutionally Guaranteed.    The Company includes in this category public debt benefiting from Article VI of the Constitution of the Commonwealth, which expressly provides that interest and principal payments on the public debt are to be paid before other disbursements are made. 
     
   141 

     Table of Contents  

Public Corporations   Certain Revenues Potentially Subject to Clawback.    The Company includes in this category the debt of public corporations for which applicable law permits the Commonwealth to claw back, subject to certain conditions and for the payment of public debt, at least a portion of the revenues supporting the bonds the Company insures. As a Constitutional condition to clawback, available Commonwealth revenues for any fiscal year must be insufficient to pay Commonwealth debt service before the payment of any appropriations for that year.  The Company believes that this condition has not been satisfied to date, and accordingly that the Commonwealth has not to date been entitled to clawback revenues supporting debt insured by the Company. As noted above, the Company sued various Puerto Rico governmental officials in the United States District Court, District of Puerto Rico asserting that Puerto Rico's recent attempt to  claw back  pledged taxes is unconstitutional, and demanding declaratory and injunctive relief. 

Other Public Corporations.    The Company includes in this category the debt of public corporations that are supported by revenues it does not believe are subject to clawback. 
       
  Constitutionally Guaranteed 
    
    General Obligation.      As of June 30, 2016, the Company had   $1,476 million     insured net par outstanding of the general obligations of Puerto Rico, which are supported by the good faith, credit and taxing power of the Commonwealth. On July 1, 2016, despite the requirements of Article VI of its Constitution but pursuant to an executive order issued by the Governor under the Moratorium Act, the Commonwealth defaulted on most of the debt service payment due that day, and the Company made its first claim payments on these bonds.    
    
    Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority ( PBA ).       As of June 30, 2016, the Company had   $169 million     insured net par outstanding of PBA bonds, which are supported by a pledge of the rents due under leases of government facilities to departments, agencies, instrumentalities and municipalities of the Commonwealth, and that benefit from a Commonwealth guaranty supported by a pledge of the Commonwealth s good faith, credit and taxing power. On July 1, 2016, despite the requirements of Article VI of its Constitution but pursuant to an executive order issued by the Governor under the Moratorium Act, the PBA defaulted on most of the debt service payment due that day, and the Company made its first claim payments on these bonds.    
    
  Public Corporations - Certain Revenues Potentially Subject to Clawback    
    
    PRHTA.      As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $918 million   insured net par outstanding of PRHTA (Transportation revenue) bonds and   $350 million   insured net par of PRHTA (Highways revenue) bonds. The transportation revenue bonds are secured by a subordinate gross pledge of gasoline and gas oil and diesel oil taxes, motor vehicle license fees and certain tolls, plus a first lien on up to  $120 million   annually of taxes on crude oil, unfinished oil and derivative products.   The highways revenue bonds are secured by a gross pledge of gasoline and gas oil and diesel oil taxes, motor vehicle license fees and certain tolls. The Clawback Orders cover Commonwealth-derived taxes that are allocated to PRHTA. The Company believes that such sources represented a substantial majority of PRHTA s revenues in 2015. The PRHTA bonds are subject to executive orders issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. As noted above, the Company filed a motion and form of complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico seeking relief from the PROMESA stay to seek a declaration that the Moratorium Act is preempted by Federal bankruptcy law and that certain gubernatorial executive orders diverting PRHTA pledged toll revenues (which are not subject to the Clawback Orders) are preempted by PROMESA and violate the U.S. Constitution, and also seeking damages and injunctive relief.  That motion was denied on November 2, 2016, on procedural grounds. The PROMESA stay expires on February 15, 2017. There were sufficient funds in the PRHTA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 PRHTA debt service payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full. 
    
    PRCCDA.     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $152 million     insured net par outstanding of PRCCDA bonds, which are secured by certain hotel tax revenues. These revenues are sensitive to the level of economic activity in the area and are subject to the Clawback Orders, and the bonds are subject to an executive order issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. There were sufficient funds in the PRCCDA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 PRCCDA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.     
    
    PRIFA.      As of June 30, 2016, the Company had   $18 million     insured net par outstanding of PRIFA bonds, which are secured primarily by the return to Puerto Rico of federal excise taxes paid on rum. These revenues are subject to the Clawback Orders and the bonds are subject to an executive order issued pursuant to the Moratorium Act. The Company made its first claim payment on PRIFA bonds in January 2016, and has continued to make claim payments on PRIFA bonds. 

142 

     Table of Contents  

Other Public Corporations 
    
  PREPA.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $724 million   insured net par outstanding of PREPA obligations, which are payable from a pledge of net revenues of the electric system. 
    
  On December 24, 2015, AGM and AGC entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement ( RSA ) with PREPA, an ad hoc group of uninsured bondholders and a group of fuel-line lenders that would, subject to certain conditions, result in, among other things, modernization of the utility and a restructuring of current debt. Upon finalization of the contemplated restructuring transaction, insured PREPA revenue bonds (with no reduction to par or stated interest rate or extension of maturity) will be supported by securitization bonds issued by a special purpose corporation and secured by a transition charge assessed on ratepayers. To facilitate the securitization transaction and in exchange for a market premium, Assured Guaranty will issue surety insurance policies in an aggregate amount not expected to exceed   $113 million   (  $14 million   for AGC and   $99 million   for AGM) to support a portion of the reserve fund for the securitization bonds. Certain of the creditors also agreed, subject to certain conditions, to participate in a bridge financing, which was closed in two tranches on May 19, 2016, and June 22, 2016. AGM's and AGC's share of the bridge financing was approximately   $15 million   (  $2 million   for AGC and   $13 million   for AGM).   Legislation meeting the requirements of the RSA was enacted on February 16, 2016, and a transition charge to be paid by PREPA rate payers for debt service on the securitization bonds as contemplated by the RSA was approved by the Puerto Rico Energy Commission on June 20, 2016. The closing of the restructuring transaction and the issuance of the surety bonds are subject to certain conditions, including execution of acceptable documentation and legal opinions. 
  On July 1, 2016, PREPA made full payment of the   $41 million   of principal and interest due on PREPA revenue bonds insured by AGM and AGC. That payment was funded in part by AGM s purchase of   $26 million   of PREPA bonds maturing in 2020. Upon finalization of the RSA, these new PREPA revenue bonds will be supported by securitization bonds contemplated by the RSA. In early 2016, PREPA repaid in full the   $74 million   in aggregate principal amount of PREPA revenue bonds purchased by AGM and AGC in July 2015 to replenish some of the operating funds PREPA used to make the July 2015 payments on the PREPA revenue bonds insured by AGM and AGC. 
    
    There can be no assurance that the conditions in the RSA will be met or that, if the conditions are met, the RSA's other provisions, including those related to the insured PREPA revenue bonds, will be implemented.  In addition, the impact of PROMESA and the Moratorium Act or any attempt to exercise the power purportedly granted by the Moratorium Act on the implementation of the RSA is uncertain. PREPA, during the pendency of the agreements, has suspended deposits into its debt service fund.    
    
    Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority ( PRASA ).     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $373 million     of insured net par outstanding to PRASA bonds, which are secured by the gross revenues of the water and sewer system. On September 15, 2015, PRASA entered into a settlement with the U.S.Department of Justice and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency that requires it to spend     $1.6 billion   to upgrade and improve its sewer system island-wide. According to a material event notice PRASA filed on March 4, 2016, PRASA owed its contractors   $140 million  .   The PRASA Revitalization Act, which establishes a securitization mechanism that could facilitate debt issuance, was signed into law on July 13, 2016. While certain bonds benefiting from a guarantee by the Commonwealth are subject to an executive order issued under the Moratorium Act, bonds insured by the Company are not subject to that order. There were sufficient funds in the PRASA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016, PRASA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full. 
    
    Municipal Finance Agency ("MFA").     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $334 million   net par outstanding of bonds issued by MFA secured by a pledge of local property tax revenues. There were sufficient funds in the MFA bond accounts to make the July 1, 2016 MFA bond payments guaranteed by the Company, and those payments were made in full.    
    
    Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation ( COFINA ).     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $271 million     insured net par outstanding of junior COFINA bonds, which are secured primarily by a second lien on certain sales and use taxes. There were no debt service payments due on July 1, 2016 on Company-insured COFINA bonds, and, as of the date of this filing, all payments on Company-insured COFINA bonds had been made.   
       
    University of Puerto Rico ( U of PR ).     As of June 30, 2016, the Company had   $1 million      insured net par outstanding of U of PR bonds, which are general obligations of the university and are secured by a subordinate lien on the proceeds, profits and other income of the University, subject to a senior pledge and lien for the benefit of outstanding university system revenue bonds. The U of PR bonds are subject to an executive order issued under the Moratorium Act. There were no debt service payments due on July 1, 2016 on Company-insured U of PR bonds, and, as of the date of this filing, all payments on Company-insured U of PR bonds had been made.  
  
   143 

     Table of Contents  

Net Exposure to Puerto Rico 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    "AG Re" means Assured Guaranty Re Ltd. 
              (2) 
    Net par outstanding eliminations relate to second-to-pay policies under which an Assured Guaranty insurance subsidiary guarantees an obligation already insured by another Assured Guaranty insurance subsidiary. 
              (3) 
    Includes exposure to capital appreciation bonds with a current aggregate net par outstanding of $31 million and a fully accreted net par at maturity of $63 million. Of these amounts, current net par of $18 million and fully accreted net par at maturity of $50 million relate to the COFINA, current net par of $7 million and fully accreted net par at maturity of $7 million relate to the PRHTA, and current net par of $5 million and fully accreted net par at maturity of $5 million relate to the Commonwealth General Obligation Bonds. 
              (4) 
    As of the date of this filing, the Company has paid claims on these credits. 

144 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows the scheduled amortization of the general obligation bonds of Puerto Rico and various obligations of its related authorities and public corporations insured by the Company. The Company guarantees payments of interest and principal when those amounts are scheduled to be paid and cannot be required to pay on an accelerated basis. In the event that obligors default on their obligations, the Company would only pay the shortfall between the principal and interest due in any given period and the amount paid by the obligors.      
    
  Amortization Schedule 
  of Net Par Outstanding of Puerto Rico 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

145 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization Schedule 
  of Net Debt Service Outstanding of Puerto Rico 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

146 

     Table of Contents  

Exposure to Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 
    
  The tables below provide information on the risk ratings and certain other risk characteristics of the Company s financial guaranty insurance, FG VIE and credit derivative RMBS exposures. As of   September 30, 2016  , U.S. RMBS exposures represent 2% of the total net par outstanding, and BIG U.S. RMBS represent 24% of total BIG net par outstanding. See Note 5, Expected Loss to be Paid, of the Financial Statements, for a discussion of expected losses to be paid on U.S. RMBS exposures. 
        
  Distribution of U.S. RMBS by Rating and Type of Exposure as of   September 30, 2016 

Distribution of U.S. RMBS by Year Insured and Type of Exposure as of   September 30, 2016    

Exposures by Reinsurer  
    
  Ceded par outstanding represents the portion of insured risk ceded to other reinsurers. Under these relationships, the Company cedes a portion of its insured risk in exchange for a premium paid to the reinsurer. The Company remains primarily liable for all risks it directly underwrites and is required to pay all gross claims. It then seeks reimbursement from the reinsurer for its proportionate share of claims. The Company may be exposed to risk for this exposure if it were required to pay the gross claims and not be able to collect ceded claims from an assuming company experiencing financial distress. A number of the financial guaranty insurers to which the Company has ceded par have experienced financial distress and as a result have been downgraded by the rating agencies. In addition, state insurance regulators have intervened with respect to some of these insurers. 
    
  In accordance with U.S. statutory accounting requirements and U.S. insurance laws and regulations, in order for the Company to receive credit for liabilities ceded to reinsurers domiciled outside of the U.S., such reinsurers must secure their liabilities to the Company. All of the unauthorized reinsurers in the table below are required to post collateral for the benefit of the Company in an amount at least equal to the sum of their ceded unearned premium reserve, loss reserves and contingency reserves, all calculated on a statutory basis of accounting. In addition, certain authorized reinsurers in the table below post collateral on terms negotiated with the Company. Collateral may be in the form of letters of credit or trust accounts. The total collateral posted by all non-affiliated reinsurers as of   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $427 million  . 
    
  Assumed par outstanding represents the amount of par assumed by the Company from other monolines. Under these relationships, the Company assumes a portion of the ceding company s insured risk in exchange for a premium. The Company  
  
   147 

     Table of Contents  

may be exposed to risk in this portfolio in that the Company may be required to pay losses without a corresponding premium in circumstances where the ceding company is experiencing financial distress and is unable to pay premiums. 
    
  In addition to assumed and ceded reinsurance arrangements, the Company may also have exposure to financial guaranty insurers in "second-to-pay" transactions, where the Company provides insurance on an obligation that is already insured by another financial guarantor. In that case, if the underlying obligor and the financial guarantor both fail to pay an amount scheduled to be paid, the Company would be obligated to pay. The Company underwrites these transactions based on the underlying obligation, without regard to the financial obligor. See Note 13, Reinsurance and Other Monoline Exposures, of the Financial Statements. 
    
  Monoline and Reinsurer exposure 
  by Company 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes par related to insured credit derivatives.    
        
           (2) 
    The total collateral posted by all non-affiliated reinsurers required or agreeing to post collateral as of   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $427 million  . 
       
  (3)      Represents  Withdrawn Rating.      
    
           (4) 
    The Company benefits from trust arrangements that satisfy the triple-A credit requirement of Standard   Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S P") and/or Moody s Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody s").   
       
  (5)      Represents  Not Rated.      
    
           (6) 
    Rated AA+ by Kroll Bond Rating Agency.   
       
           (7) 
    MBIA includes subsidiaries MBIA Insurance Corporation rated CCC by S P and Caa1 by Moody's and MBIA UK rated BB by S P and Ba2 by Moody s.    See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Financial Statements for more information on  MBIA UK. 
       
           (8) 
    FGIC includes subsidiaries Financial Guaranty Insurance Company and FGIC UK Limited both of which had their ratings withdrawn by rating agencies.     

148 

     Table of Contents  

Ceded Par Outstanding by Reinsurer and Credit Rating 
  As of September 30, 2016 

Second-to-Pay 
  Insured Par Outstanding by Internal Rating 
  As of September 30, 2016  (1) 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Assured Guaranty s internal rating. 

149 

     Table of Contents  

Exposure to Selected European Countries 
    
    The European countries where the Company has exposure and believes heightened uncertainties exist are: Hungary, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Turkey (collectively, the  Selected European Countries ). The Company added Turkey to its list of Selected European Countries as of June 30, 2016, as a result of the recent political turmoil in the country. The Company s direct economic exposure to the Selected European Countries (based on par for financial guaranty contracts and notional amount for financial guaranty contracts accounted for as derivatives) is shown in the following   tables, both gross and net of ceded reinsurance. 
    
  Gross Direct Economic Exposure 
   to Selected European Countries(1) 
  As of   September 30, 2016 

Net Direct Economic Exposure  
  to Selected European Countries(1) 
  As of   September 30, 2016    

____________________ 
           (1) 
    While the Company s exposures are shown in U.S. dollars, the obligations the Company insures are in various currencies, primarily Euros.        
       
           (2) 
    Sub-sovereign exposure in Selected European Countries includes transactions backed by receivables from or supported by sub-sovereigns, which are governmental or government-backed entities other than the ultimate governing body of the country.      
       
            (3) 
    Non-sovereign exposure in Selected European Countries includes debt of regulated utilities, RMBS and diversified payment rights ("DPR") securitizations.     
       
  The tables above include the par amount of financial guaranty contracts accounted for as derivatives of $116 million with a fair value of $3 million, net of reinsurance. The Company s credit derivative transactions are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") documentation, and the Company is required to make a loss payment on them only upon the occurrence of one or more defined credit events with respect to the referenced securities or loans. 
    
  The Company has excluded from the exposure tables above its indirect economic exposure to the Selected European Countries through policies it provides on pooled corporate and commercial receivables transactions. The Company calculates indirect exposure to a country by multiplying the par amount of a transaction insured by the Company times the percent of the relevant collateral pool reported as having a nexus to the country. On that basis, the Company has calculated exposure of   $175 million   to Selected European Countries (plus Greece) in transactions with   $3.4 billion   of net par outstanding. The indirect exposure to credits with a nexus to Greece is   $4 million   across several highly rated pooled corporate obligations with net par outstanding of   $165 million  .  

150 

     Table of Contents  

The   $203 million     net insured par exposure in Turkey is to DPR securitizations sponsored by a major Turkish bank. These DPR securitizations were established outside of Turkey and involve payment orders in U.S. dollars, pounds sterling and Euros from persons outside of Turkey to beneficiaries in Turkey who are customers of the sponsoring  bank.  The sponsoring bank's correspondent banks have agreed to remit all such payments to a trustee-controlled account outside Turkey, where debt service payments for the DPR securitization are given priority over payments to the sponsoring bank. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Liquidity Requirements and Sources 
    
  AGL and its Holding Company Subsidiaries 
    
  The liquidity of AGL, AGUS and Assured Guaranty Municipal Holdings Inc. ("AGMH") is largely dependent on dividends from their operating subsidiaries and their access to external financing. The liquidity requirements of these entities include the payment of operating expenses, interest on debt issued by AGUS and AGMH, and dividends on AGL's common shares. AGL and its holding company subsidiaries may also require liquidity to make periodic capital investments in their operating subsidiaries or, in the case of AGL, to repurchase its common shares pursuant to its share repurchase authorization. In the ordinary course of business, the Company evaluates its liquidity needs and capital resources in light of holding company expenses and dividend policy, as well as rating agency considerations. The Company also subjects its cash flow projections and its assets to a stress test, maintaining a liquid asset balance of one time its stressed operating company net cash flows. Management believes that AGL will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy its needs over the next twelve months. See   Insurance Company Regulatory Restrictions  below for a discussion of the dividend restrictions of its insurance company subsidiaries.  
    
  AGL and Holding Company Subsidiaries 
  Significant Cash Flow Items 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    On November 2, 2016, in continuation of the Company's capital management strategy of repurchasing its common shares, the Company's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of a $250 million of common shares. As of November 3, 2016 on a settlement date basis, the remaining authorization for share repurchases was   $345 million  .  

Dividends From Subsidiaries 
    
  The Company anticipates that for the next twelve months, amounts paid by AGL s direct and indirect insurance company subsidiaries as dividends or other distributions will be a major source of its liquidity. The insurance company subsidiaries  ability to pay dividends depends upon their financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, and compliance with rating agency requirements, and is also subject to restrictions contained in the insurance laws and related regulations of their states of domicile. Dividend restrictions applicable to AGC and AGM, and to AG Re, are described under Note 11, Insurance Company Regulatory Requirements of the Financial Statements. 

151 

     Table of Contents  

Dividend restrictions by insurance company subsidiary are as follows: 

The maximum amount available during 2016 for AGM to distribute as dividends without regulatory approval is estimated to be approximately   $247 million  , of which approximately   $55 million   is estimated to be available for distribution in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

The maximum amount available during 2016 for AGC to distribute as ordinary dividends is approximately   $79 million  , of which approximately   $41 million   is available for distribution in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

The Company does not currently anticipate that Municipal Assurance Corp. ("MAC") will distribute any dividends.  

Based on the applicable law and regulations, in 2016 AG Re has the capacity to (i) make capital distributions in an aggregate amount up to   $127 million   without the prior approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority and (ii) declare and pay dividends in an aggregate amount up to the limit of its outstanding statutory surplus, which is   $235 million  . Such dividend capacity is further limited by the actual amount of AG Re s unencumbered assets, which amount changes from time to time due in part to collateral posting requirements. As of   September 30, 2016  , AG Re had unencumbered assets of approximately   $625 million  .  
       
  Generally, dividends paid by a U.S. company to a Bermuda holding company are subject to a 30% withholding tax. After AGL became tax resident in the U.K., it became subject to the tax rules applicable to companies resident in the U.K., including the benefits afforded by the U.K. s tax treaties. The income tax treaty between the U.K. and the U.S. reduces or eliminates the U.S. withholding tax on certain U.S. sourced investment income (to 5% or 0%), including dividends from U.S. subsidiaries to U.K. resident persons entitled to the benefits of the treaty.  
    
  External Financing 
    
  From time to time, AGL and its subsidiaries have sought external debt or equity financing in order to meet their obligations. External sources of financing may or may not be available to the Company, and if available, the cost of such financing may not be acceptable to the Company.  
    
    Intercompany Loans and Guarantees 
    
  On March 30, 2015, AGUS loaned $200 million to AGC to facilitate the acquisition of Radian Asset on April 1, 2015. AGC repaid the loan in full on April 14, 2015. 
    
  From time to time, AGL and its subsidiaries have entered into intercompany loan facilities. For example, on October 25, 2013, AGL, as borrower, and AGUS, as lender, entered into a revolving credit facility pursuant to which AGL may, from time to time, borrow for general corporate purposes. Under the credit facility, AGUS committed to lend a principal amount not exceeding $225 million in the aggregate. Such commitment terminates on October 25, 2018 (the  loan termination date ). The unpaid principal amount of each loan will bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 100% of the then applicable Federal short-term or mid-term interest rate, as the case may be, as determined under Internal Revenue Code Sec. 1274(d), and interest on all loans will be computed for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a year consisting of 360 days. Accrued interest on all loans will be paid on the last day of each June and December, beginning on December 31, 2013, and at maturity. AGL must repay the then unpaid principal amounts of the loans by the third anniversary of the loan termination date. No amounts are currently outstanding under the credit facility.  
    
  In addition, in 2012 AGUS borrowed $90 million from its affiliate Assured Guaranty Re Overseas Ltd. to fund the acquisition of MAC. That loan remained outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
    Furthermore, AGL fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment of the principal of, and interest on, the $1,130 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by AGUS and AGMH, and the $450 million aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated debentures issued by AGUS and AGMH, in each case, as described under "Commitments and Contingencies -- Long-Term Debt Obligations " below. 

152 

     Table of Contents  

Cash and Investments 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , AGL had $60 million in cash and short-term investments. AGUS and AGMH had a total of $51 million in cash and short-term investments. In addition, the Company's U.S. holding companies have $78 million in fixed-maturity securities with weighted average duration of 0.4 years.  
    
  Insurance Company Subsidiaries 
    
  Liquidity of the insurance company subsidiaries is primarily used to pay for: 
             
    operating expenses,  
                
    claims on the insured portfolio, 
                
    posting of collateral in connection with credit derivatives and reinsurance transactions, 
                
    reinsurance premiums, 
                
    dividends to AGL, AGUS and/or AGMH, as applicable,  
                
    principal of and, where applicable, interest on surplus notes, and  
                
    capital investments in their own subsidiaries, where appropriate.  
       
  On June 30, 2016, MAC obtained approval from the New York State Department of Financial Services to repay its   $300 million   surplus note to Municipal Assurance Holdings Inc. ("MAC Holdings") and its   $100 million   surplus note (plus accrued interest) to AGM. Accordingly, on June 30, 2016, MAC transferred cash and/or marketable securities to (i) MAC Holdings in an aggregate amount equal to   $300 million  , and (ii)  AGM in an aggregate amount of   $102.5 million  . MAC Holdings, upon receipt of such   $300 million   from MAC, distributed cash and/or marketable securities in an aggregate amount of   $300 million   to its shareholders, AGM and AGC, in proportion to their respective   60.7%   and   39.3%   ownership interests such that AGM received   $182 million   and AGC received   $118 million  . 
    
  Management believes that its subsidiaries  liquidity needs for the next twelve months can be met from current cash, short-term investments and operating cash flow, including premium collections and coupon payments as well as scheduled maturities and paydowns from their respective investment portfolios. The Company targets a balance of its most liquid assets including cash and short-term securities, Treasuries, agency RMBS and pre-refunded municipal bonds equal to 1.5 times its projected operating company cash flow needs over the next four quarters. The Company intends to hold and has the ability to hold temporarily impaired debt securities until the date of anticipated recovery. 
    
  Beyond the next twelve months, the ability of the operating subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends may be influenced by a variety of factors, including market conditions, insurance regulations and rating agency capital requirements and general economic conditions. 
    
  Insurance policies issued provide, in general, that payments of principal, interest and other amounts insured may not be accelerated by the holder of the obligation. Amounts paid by the Company therefore are typically in accordance with the obligation s original payment schedule, unless the Company accelerates such payment schedule, at its sole option. 
    
   Payments made in settlement of the Company s obligations arising from its insured portfolio may, and often do, vary significantly from year-to-year, depending primarily on the frequency and severity of payment defaults and whether the Company chooses to accelerate its payment obligations in order to mitigate future losses. 

153 

     Table of Contents  

Claims (Paid) Recovered 

____________________ 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had exposure of approximately   $562 million   to an infrastructure transaction with refinancing risk. The Company may be required to make claim payments on such exposure, the aggregate amount of the claim payments may be substantial and, although the Company may not experience ultimate loss on it, reimbursement may not occur for an extended time.  This transaction involves a long-term infrastructure project that was financed by bonds that mature prior to the expiration of the project concession. The Company expects the cash flows from the project to be sufficient to repay all of the debt over the life of the project concession, and also expects the debt to be refinanced in the market at or prior to its maturity. If the issuer is unable to refinance the debt due to market conditions, the Company may have to pay a claim when the debt matures, and then recover from cash flows produced by the project in the future. The Company generally projects that in most scenarios it will be fully reimbursed for such claim payments. However, the recovery of such amounts is uncertain and may take from   10   to   35   years, depending on the performance of the underlying collateral. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company estimated that total claims for the   one   transaction with significant refinancing risk, assuming no refinancing and based on certain performance assumptions, could be   $562 million   on a gross basis; such claims would occur from 2018 through 2022.  
    
  In addition, the Company has net par exposure of   $4.8 billion   to Commonwealth of Puerto Rico transactions, all of which are BIG. Puerto Rico has experienced significant general fund budget deficits in recent years. Beginning in 2016, the Commonwealth has defaulted on obligations to make payments on its debt. In addition to high debt levels, Puerto Rico faces a challenging economic environment. Information regarding the Company's exposure to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and its related authorities and public corporations is set forth in "Insured Portfolio-Exposure to Puerto Rico" above.   
    
  The terms of the Company s CDS contracts generally are modified from standard CDS contract forms approved by ISDA in order to provide for payments on a scheduled basis and to replicate the terms of a traditional financial guaranty insurance policy. Some contracts the Company entered into as the credit protection seller, however, utilize standard ISDA settlement mechanics of cash settlement (i.e., a process to value the loss of market value of a reference obligation) or physical settlement (i.e., delivery of the reference obligation against payment of principal by the protection seller) in the event of a  credit event,  as defined in the relevant contract. Cash settlement or physical settlement generally requires the payment of a larger amount, prior to the maturity of the reference obligation, than would settlement on a  pay-as-you-go  basis, under which the Company would be required to pay scheduled interest shortfalls during the term of the reference obligation and scheduled principal shortfall only at the final maturity of the reference obligation. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was posting approximately   $130 million   to secure its obligations under CDS. Of that amount, approximately $113 million related to   $0.6 billion   in CDS gross par insured where the amount of required collateral is capped and the remaining   $17 million   related to   $178 million   in CDS gross par insured where the amount of required collateral is based on movements in the mark-to-market valuation of the underlying exposure.        

154 

     Table of Contents  

On July 1, 2016, AGC acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of CIFGH, the parent of financial guaranty insurer CIFG, for   $450.6 million   in cash.  AGUS previously owned   1.6%     of the outstanding shares of CIFGH, for which it received     $7.1 million     in consideration from AGC, resulting in a net consolidated purchase price of     $443 million  . AGC merged CIFG with and into AGC, with AGC as the surviving company, on July 5, 2016.     The CIFG Acquisition added     $4.2 billion     of net par insured on July 1, 2016.  
    
  Consolidated Cash Flows 
    
  Consolidated Cash Flow Summary 

____________________ 
           (1)   
    Claims paid on consolidated FG VIEs are presented in the consolidated cash flow statements as a component of paydowns on FG VIE liabilities in financing activities as opposed to operating activities.   
       
  Excluding net cash flows from purchases and sales of the trading portfolio and the effect of consolidating FG VIEs, cash outflows from operating activities increased in   Nine Months 2016   compared with   Nine Months 2015   due primarily to claim payments on Puerto Rico bonds, higher accelerated claim payments as a means of mitigating future losses and lower cash received from commutations.  This was partially offset by cash received from R W provider, lower taxes paid and cash received in Nine Months 2016 from certain terminations. 
    
  Investing activities were primarily net sales (purchases) of fixed-maturity and short-term investment securities. Investing cash flows in   Nine Months 2016   and   Nine Months 2015   include inflows of   $590 million   and   $114 million   for FG VIEs, respectively. The increase in inflows from FG VIEs was due to the proceeds from a paydown of a large transaction.  In Third Quarter 2016 the Company paid $435 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire CIFGH. In the first quarter of 2015, the Company sold securities to fund the acquisition of Radian Asset by AGC and in the second quarter of 2015 the Company paid $800 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire Radian Asset. 
    
  Financing activities consisted primarily of paydowns of FG VIE liabilities and share repurchases. Financing cash flows in   Nine Months 2016   and   Nine Months 2015   include outflows of   $567 million   and   $122 million   for FG VIEs, respectively. The increase in outflows from FG VIEs was due to the paydown of a large transaction. Share repurchases in   Nine Months 2016   and   2015   were   $190 million   and   $420 million  , respectively.  

155 

     Table of Contents  

From October 1, 2016 through November 3 , 2016, the Company repurchased an additional   $20 million   worth of its common shares. On November 2, 2016, in continuation of the Company's capital management strategy of repurchasing its common shares, the Company's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of a $250 million of common shares, including a specifically authorized repurchase from the Company's Chief Executive Officer and its General Counsel. As of November 3, 2016, the Company had remaining authorization to purchase common shares of   $345 million   on a settlement basis. For more information about the Company's share repurchase authorization, including its authorization to repurchase shares from its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel, and the amounts it repurchased in   2016  , see Note 17, Shareholders' Equity, of the Financial Statements. 
    
  Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Leases 
    
  AGL and its subsidiaries lease office space and certain other items. In 2015, AGM entered into an operating lease for new office space comprising one full floor and one partial floor at 1633 Broadway in New York City.  On September 23, 2016, AGM entered into an amendment to that lease to include the remaining portion of the partial floor for the remainder of the lease term.  The fixed annual rent, which commences after an initial rent holiday, begins at   $1.1 million   per annum, rising in two steps to   $1.3 million   for the last   five   years of the initial term.      

156 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt Obligations 
    
  The outstanding principal and interest paid on long-term debt were as follows: 
    
  Principal Outstanding 
  and Interest Paid on Long-Term Debt 

____________________ 
           (1)  
    AGL fully and unconditionally guarantees these obligations 
       
           (2) 
    Guaranteed by AGL on a junior subordinated basis. 
       
  (3)                                     Principal amounts vary from carrying amounts due primarily to acquisition method fair value adjustments at the AGMH acquisition date, which are accreted or amortized into interest expense over the remaining terms of these obligations. 
    
  7  % Senior Notes issued by AGUS.    On May 18, 2004, AGUS issued   $200 million   of   7  % senior notes due 2034 for net proceeds of   $197 million  . Although the coupon on the Senior Notes is   7  %, the effective rate is approximately   6.4  %, taking into account the effect of a cash flow hedge. 
    
  5%   Senior Notes issued by AGUS.   On June 20, 2014, AGUS issued   $500 million   of   5%   Senior Notes due 2024 for net proceeds of $495 million. The notes are guaranteed by AGL. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the purchase of common shares of AGL. 
    
  Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Debentures issued by AGUS.    On December 20, 2006, AGUS issued   $150 million   of Debentures due 2066. The Debentures pay a fixed   6.4%   rate of interest until December 15, 2016, and thereafter pay a floating rate of interest, reset quarterly, at a rate equal to   three   month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a margin equal to   2.38%  . AGUS may select at   one   or more times to defer payment of interest for   one   or more consecutive periods for up to   ten   years. Any unpaid interest bears interest at the then applicable rate. AGUS may not defer interest past the maturity date. 
    
  6 7/8  % QUIBS issued by AGMH.    On December 19, 2001, AGMH issued   $100 million   face amount of   6 7/8  % QUIBS due December 15, 2101, which are callable without premium or penalty. 

157 

     Table of Contents  

6.25  % Notes issued by AGMH.    On November 26, 2002, AGMH issued   $230 million   face amount of   6.25  % Notes due November 1, 2102, which are callable without premium or penalty in whole or in part. 
    
  5.6  % Notes issued by AGMH.    On July 31, 2003, AGMH issued   $100 million   face amount of   5.6  % Notes due July 15, 2103, which are callable without premium or penalty in whole or in part. 
    
  Junior Subordinated Debentures issued by AGMH.    On November 22, 2006, AGMH issued   $300 million   face amount of Junior Subordinated Debentures with a scheduled maturity date of December 15, 2036 and a final repayment date of December 15, 2066. The final repayment date of December 15, 2066 may be automatically extended up to   four   times in   five  -year increments provided certain conditions are met. The debentures are redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time prior to December 15, 2036 at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption or, if greater, the make-whole redemption price. Interest on the debentures will accrue from November 22, 2006 to December 15, 2036 at the annual rate of   6.4%  . If any amount of the debentures remains outstanding after December 15, 2036, then the principal amount of the outstanding debentures will bear interest at a floating interest rate equal to   one  -month LIBOR plus   2.215%   until repaid. AGMH may elect at   one   or more times to defer payment of interest on the debentures for   one   or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed   ten   years. In connection with the completion of this offering, AGMH entered into a replacement capital covenant for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of AGMH long-term indebtedness ranking senior to the debentures. Under the covenant, the debentures will not be repaid, redeemed, repurchased or defeased by AGMH or any of its subsidiaries on or before the date that is   twenty   years prior to the final repayment date, except to the extent that AGMH has received proceeds from the sale of replacement capital securities. The proceeds from this offering were used to pay a dividend to the shareholders of AGMH. 
    
  Recourse Credit Facility 
    
  In connection with the acquisition of AGMH, AGM agreed to retain the risks relating to the debt and strip policy portions of the leveraged lease business. The liquidity risk to AGM related to the strip policy portion of the leveraged lease business was previously mitigated by the strip coverage facility described below. 
    
  In a leveraged lease transaction, a tax-exempt entity (such as a transit agency) transfers tax benefits to a tax-paying entity by transferring ownership of a depreciable asset, such as subway cars. The tax-exempt entity then leases the asset back from its new owner.    
    
  If the lease is terminated early, the tax-exempt entity must make an early termination payment to the lessor. A portion of this early termination payment is funded from monies that were pre-funded and invested at the closing of the leveraged lease transaction (along with earnings on those invested funds). The tax-exempt entity is obligated to pay the remaining, unfunded portion of this early termination payment (known as the  strip coverage ) from its own sources. AGM issued financial guaranty insurance policies (known as  strip policies ) that guaranteed the payment of these unfunded strip coverage amounts to the lessor, in the event that a tax-exempt entity defaulted on its obligation to pay this portion of its early termination payment. AGM can then seek reimbursement of its strip policy payments from the tax-exempt entity, and can also sell the transferred depreciable asset and reimburse itself from the sale proceeds.    
    
  Currently, all the leveraged lease transactions in which AGM acts as strip coverage provider are breaching a rating trigger related to AGM and are subject to early termination. However, early termination of a lease does not result in a draw on the AGM policy if the tax-exempt entity makes the required termination payment. If all the leases were to terminate early and the tax-exempt entities do not make the required early termination payments, then AGM would be exposed to possible liquidity claims on gross exposure of approximately   $991 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . To date, none of the leveraged lease transactions that involve AGM has experienced an early termination due to a lease default and a claim on the AGM policy. At     September 30, 2016  , approximately   $1.5 billion   of cumulative strip par exposure had been terminated since 2008 on a consensual basis. The consensual terminations have resulted in no claims on AGM.     
    
  On July 1, 2009, AGM and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A., acting through its New York Branch ( Dexia Cr dit Local (NY) ), entered into a credit facility (the  Strip Coverage Facility ). Under the Strip Coverage Facility, Dexia Cr dit Local (NY) agreed to make loans to AGM to finance all draws made by lessors on AGM strip policies that were outstanding as of November 13, 2008, up to the commitment amount, which was   $495 million   as of the date the Strip Coverage Facility was terminated. 

158 

     Table of Contents  

There have never been any borrowings under the Strip Coverage Facility, the amount of the leveraged leases covered by the Strip Coverage Facility has declined since July 1, 2009 and, as noted above, to date, none of the leveraged lease transactions in which AGM acts as the strip coverage provider has experienced an early termination due to a lease default. Consequently, and in view of the credit quality of the relevant tax-exempt entities and the cost of the Strip Coverage Facility, the Company determined that maintaining the Strip Coverage Facility was no longer warranted. On July 29, 2016, the parties terminated the facility.    
    
  Committed Capital Securities  
    
  Each of AGC and AGM have issued $200 million of CCS pursuant to transactions in which AGC CCS or AGM s Committed Preferred Trust Securities (the  AGM CPS ), as applicable, were issued by custodial trusts created for the primary purpose of issuing such securities, investing the proceeds in high-quality assets and providing put options to AGC or AGM, as applicable. The put options allow AGC and AGM to issue non-cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred securities to the trusts in exchange for cash. For both AGC and AGM, four initial trusts were created, each with an initial aggregate face amount of $50 million. The Company does not consider itself to be the primary beneficiary of the trusts for either the AGC or AGM CCS and the trusts are not consolidated in Assured Guaranty's financial statements. 
    
  The trusts provide AGC and AGM access to new capital at their respective sole discretion through the exercise of the put options. Upon AGC's or AGM's exercise of its put option, the relevant trust will liquidate its portfolio of eligible assets and use the proceeds to purchase the AGC or AGM preferred stock, as applicable. AGC or AGM may use the proceeds from such sale of its preferred stock to the trusts for any purpose, including the payment of claims. The put agreements have no scheduled termination date or maturity. However, each put agreement will terminate if (subject to certain grace periods) specified events occur.   
    
         AGC Committed Capital Securities.      AGC entered into separate put agreements with four custodial trusts with respect to its CCS in April 2005. The AGC put options have not been exercised through the date of this filing. Initially, all of AGC CCS were issued to a special purpose pass-through trust (the  Pass-Through Trust ). The Pass-Through Trust was dissolved in April 2008 and the AGC CCS were distributed to the holders of the Pass-Through Trust's securities. Neither the Pass-Through Trust nor the custodial trusts are consolidated in the Company's financial statements.  Income distributions on the Pass-Through Trust securities and CCS were equal to an annualized rate of one-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points for all periods ending on or prior to April 8, 2008. Following dissolution of the Pass-Through Trust, distributions on the AGC CCS are determined pursuant to an auction process. On April 7, 2008 this auction process failed, thereby increasing the annualized rate on the AGC CCS to one-month LIBOR plus 250 basis points. Distributions on the AGC preferred stock will be determined pursuant to the same process. AGC continues to have the ability to exercise its put option and cause the related trusts to purchase AGC Preferred Stock. 
    
    AGM Committed Capital Securities.     AGM entered into separate put agreements with four custodial trusts with respect to its CCS in June 2003.  The AGM put options have not been exercised through the date of this filing. AGM pays a floating put premium to the trusts, which represents the difference between the commercial paper yield and the winning auction rate (plus all fees and expenses of the trust). If an auction does not attract sufficient clearing bids, however, the auction rate is subject to a maximum rate of one-month LIBOR plus 200 basis points for the next succeeding distribution period. Beginning in August 2007, the AGM CCS required the maximum rate for each of the relevant trusts. AGM continues to have the ability to exercise its put option and cause the related trusts to purchase AGM Preferred Stock. 
    
  Investment Portfolio 
    
  The Company s principal objectives in managing its investment portfolio are to support the highest possible ratings for each operating company; to manage investment risk within the context of the underlying portfolio of insurance risk; to maintain sufficient liquidity to cover unexpected stress in the insurance portfolio; and to maximize after-tax net investment income. 

159 

     Table of Contents  

The Company s fixed-maturity securities and short-term investments had a duration of 5.2 years as of   September 30, 2016   and 5.4 years as of   December 31, 2015  . Generally, the Company s fixed-maturity securities are designated as available-for-sale. For more information about the Investment Portfolio and a detailed description of the Company s valuation of investments see Note 10, Investments and Cash, of the Financial Statements. 
    
  Fixed-Maturity Securities and Short-Term Investments 
  by Security Type    

____________________ 

160 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize, for all fixed-maturity securities in an unrealized loss position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized loss by length of time the amounts have continuously been in an unrealized loss position. 
    
  Fixed-Maturity Securities 
  Gross Unrealized Loss by Length of Time    
  As of September 30, 2016    

Fixed-Maturity Securities 
  Gross Unrealized Loss by Length of Time    
  As of December 31, 2015     

___________________ 
           (1) 
    The number of securities does not add across because lots consisting of the same securities have been purchased at different times and appear in both categories above (i.e., less than 12 months and 12 months or more). If a security appears in both categories, it is counted only once in the total column.    

161 

     Table of Contents  

Of the securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more as of   September 30, 2016  ,   28   securities had unrealized losses greater than   10%   of book value. The total unrealized loss for these securities as of   September 30, 2016   was   $60 million  . As of December 31, 2015, of the securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more,   nine   securities had unrealized losses greater than   10%   of book value with unrealized loss amount of   $26 million  . The Company has determined that the unrealized losses recorded as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 were yield related and not the result of other-than-temporary-impairment. 
    
  Changes in interest rates affect the value of the Company s fixed-maturity portfolio. As interest rates fall, the fair value of fixed-maturity securities generally increases and as interest rates rise, the fair value of fixed-maturity securities generally decreases. The Company s portfolio of fixed-maturity securities consists primarily of high-quality, liquid instruments.  
    
  The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Company s available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
    
  Distribution of Fixed-Maturity Securities  
  by Contractual Maturity 
  As of September 30, 2016    

The following table summarizes the ratings distributions of the Company s investment portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Ratings reflect the lower of the Moody s and S P classifications, except for bonds purchased for loss mitigation or other risk management strategies, which use Assured Guaranty s internal ratings classifications. 
    
  Distribution of  
  Fixed-Maturity Securities by Rating 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Comprised primarily of loss mitigation and other risk management assets. See Note 10, Investments and Cash, of the Financial Statements.  

162 

     Table of Contents  

The investment portfolio contains securities and cash that are either held in trust for the benefit of third party reinsurers in accordance with statutory requirements, invested in a guaranteed investment contract for future claims payments, placed on deposit to fulfill state licensing requirements, or otherwise restricted in the amount of   $299 million   and   $283 million  , based on fair value, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The investment portfolio also contains securities that are held in trust by certain AGL subsidiaries for the benefit of other AGL subsidiaries in accordance with statutory and regulatory requirements in the amount of   $1,485 million   and   $1,411 million  , based on fair value, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  The fair value of the Company s pledged securities to secure its obligations under its CDS exposure totaled   $130 million   and   $305 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Liquidity Arrangements with respect to AGMH s former Financial Products Business 
    
  AGMH s former financial products segment had been in the business of borrowing funds through the issuance of guaranteed investment contracts ("GICs") and medium term notes and reinvesting the proceeds in investments that met AGMH s investment criteria. The financial products business also included the equity payment undertaking agreement portion of the leveraged lease business, as described further below in   Leveraged Lease Business.  
    
  The GIC Business 
    
  Until November 2008, AGMH, through its financial products business, offered GICs to municipalities and other market participants. The GICs were issued through certain non-insurance subsidiaries of AGMH. In return for an initial payment, each GIC entitles its holder to receive the return of the holder s invested principal plus interest at a specified rate, and to withdraw principal from the GIC as permitted by its terms. AGM insures the payment obligations on all these GICs. 
    
  The proceeds of GICs were loaned to AGMH s former subsidiary FSA Asset Management LLC ("FSAM"). FSAM in turn invested these funds in fixed-income obligations (the  FSAM assets ).  
    
  AGM s insurance policies on the GICs remain in place, and must remain in place until each GIC is terminated, even though AGMH no longer holds any ownership interest in FSAM or the GIC issuers. 
    
  In June 2009, in connection with the Company's acquisition of AGMH from Dexia Holdings Inc., Dexia SA, the ultimate parent of Dexia Holdings Inc., and certain of its affiliates, entered into a number of agreements intended to mitigate the credit, interest rate and liquidity risks associated with the GIC business and the related AGM insurance policies. Some of those agreements have since terminated or expired, or been modified. In addition to the surviving agreements described below, AGM benefits from a guaranty jointly and severally issued by Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. to AGM that guarantees the payment obligations of AGM under its insurance policies related to the GIC business, and an indemnification agreement between AGM, Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. that protects AGM from other losses arising out of or as a result of the GIC business. 
    
  To support the primary payment obligations under the GICs, each of Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. are party to a put contract. Pursuant to the put contract, FSAM may put an amount of its FSAM assets to Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. in exchange for funds that FSAM would in turn make available to meet demands for payment under the GICs. The amount that could be put varies depending on the type of trigger event in question. To secure their obligations under this put contract, Dexia SA and Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. are required to post eligible highly liquid collateral having an aggregate value (subject to agreed reductions and advance rates) equal to at least the excess of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding GICs over (ii) the aggregate mark-to-market value of FSAM s assets.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately 26.5% of the FSAM assets (measured by aggregate principal balance) were in cash or were obligations backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate accreted GIC balance was approximately   $1.6 billion  , compared with approximately $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2009. As of   September 30, 2016  , and with respect to the FSAM assets, the aggregate accreted principal was approximately   $2.4 billion  , the aggregate market value was approximately   $2.3 billion   and the aggregate market value after agreed reductions was approximately $1.6 billion. Cash and positive derivative value exceeded the negative derivative values and other projected costs by approximately $147 million. Accordingly, as of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate fair market value of the assets supporting the GIC business (disregarding the agreed upon reductions) plus cash and positive derivative value exceeded by nearly $0.9 billion the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding GICs and certain other business and hedging costs of the GIC business. Even after applying the agreed upon reductions to the fair market value  
  
   163 

     Table of Contents  

of the assets, the aggregate value of the assets supporting the GIC business plus cash and positive derivative value exceeded the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding GICs and certain other business and hedging costs of the GIC business. Accordingly, no posting of collateral was required under the primary put contract. 
    
  To provide additional support, Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. provides a liquidity commitment to FSAM to lend against FSAM assets under a revolving credit agreement. As of   September 30, 2016   the commitment totaled $1.4 billion, of which approximately $0.8 billion was drawn. The agreement requires the commitment remain in place, generally until the GICs have been paid in full. 
    
  Despite the put contract and revolving credit agreement, and the significant portion of FSAM assets comprised of highly liquid securities backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, AGM remains subject to the risk that Dexia SA and its affiliates may not make payments or securities available (i) on a timely basis, which is referred to as  liquidity risk,  or (ii) at all, which is referred to as  credit risk,  because of the risk of default. Even if the Dexia entities have sufficient assets to pay all amounts when due (either under the GICs, or under the guarantee, the put contract and the revolving credit agreement), one or more rating agencies may view negatively the ability or willingness of Dexia SA and its affiliates to perform under their various agreements, which could negatively affect AGM s ratings. 
    
  If Dexia SA or its affiliates do not fulfill their contractual obligations, the GIC issuers may not have the financial ability to pay upon the withdrawal of GIC funds or post collateral or make other payments in respect of the GICs, thereby resulting in claims upon the AGM financial guaranty insurance policies. If AGM is required to pay a claim due to a failure of the GIC issuers to pay amounts in respect of the GICs, AGM is subject to the risk that the GICs will not be paid from funds received from Dexia SA and its affiliates before it is required to make payment under its financial guaranty policies or that it will not receive the guaranty payment at all. 
    
  A downgrade of the financial strength rating of AGM could trigger a payment obligation of AGM in respect to AGMH's former GIC business. Most of the GICs insured by AGM allow for the withdrawal of GIC funds in the event of a downgrade of AGM, unless the relevant GIC issuer posts collateral or otherwise enhances its credit. Most GICs insured by AGM allow for the termination of the GIC contract and a withdrawal of GIC funds at the option of the GIC holder in the event of a downgrade of AGM below a specified threshold, generally below A- by S P or A3 by Moody's, with no right of the GIC issuer to avoid such withdrawal by posting collateral or otherwise enhancing its credit. Each GIC contract stipulates the thresholds below which the GIC issuer must post eligible collateral, along with the types of securities eligible for posting and the collateralization percentage applicable to each security type. These collateralization percentages range from 100% of the GIC balance for cash posted as collateral to, typically, 108% for asset-backed securities. FSAM is expected to have sufficient eligible and liquid assets to satisfy any expected withdrawal and collateral posting obligations resulting from future rating actions affecting AGM. 
    
  The Medium Term Notes Business 
    
  In connection with the acquisition of AGMH, Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. agreed to fund, on behalf of AGM, 100% of all policy claims made under financial guaranty insurance policies issued by AGM in relation to the medium term notes issuance program of FSA Global Funding Limited. Such agreement is set out in a Separation Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2009, between Dexia Cr dit Local S.A., AGM, FSA Global Funding and Premier International Funding Co., and in a funding guaranty and a reimbursement guaranty that Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. issued for the benefit of AGM. Under the funding guaranty, Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. guarantees to pay to or on behalf of AGM amounts equal to the payments required to be made under policies issued by AGM relating to the medium term notes business. Under the reimbursement guaranty, Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. guarantees to pay reimbursement amounts to AGM for payments it makes following a claim for payment under an obligation insured by a policy it has issued. Notwithstanding Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. s obligation to fund 100% of all policy claims under those policies, AGM has a separate obligation to remit to Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. a certain percentage (ranging from 0% to 25%) of those policy claims. AGM, the Company and related parties are also protected against losses arising out of or as a result of the medium term note business through an indemnification agreement with Dexia Cr dit Local S.A. As of   September 30, 2016  , FSA Global Funding Limited had approximately $739 million of medium term notes outstanding. 

164 

     Table of Contents  

Leveraged Lease Business 
    
  Under the Strip Coverage Facility entered into in connection with the acquisition of AGMH, Dexia Credit Local (NY) agreed to make loans to AGM to finance all draws made by lessors on certain AGM strip policies issued in connection with the leveraged lease business. The leveraged lease business, the AGM strip policies and the Strip Coverage Facility are described further under  Commitments and Contingencies-Recourse Credit Facility" above. There have never been any borrowings under the Strip Coverage Facility, the amount of the leveraged leases covered by the Strip Coverage Facility has declined since July 1, 2009 and, to date, none of the leveraged lease transactions in which AGM acts as the strip coverage provider has experienced an early termination due to a lease default. Consequently, and in view of the credit quality of the relevant tax-exempt entities and the cost of the Strip Coverage Facility, the Company determined that maintaining the Strip Coverage Facility was no longer warranted. On July 29, 2016, the parties terminated the Strip Coverage Facility.  

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for an updated sensitivity analysis for credit derivatives and expected losses on contracts accounted for as insurance. For other quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk", of our Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There were no material changes in market risk since   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  Assured Guaranty s management, with the participation of AGL s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, information required to be disclosed by AGL in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on their evaluation as of   September 30, 2016   covered by this Form 10-Q, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  On July 1, 2016 the Company acquired CIFG Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries. See Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1. The Company has extended its Section 404 compliance program under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the applicable rules and regulations under such Act to include the integration of CIFG Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries' financial data into the Company s existing systems, processes and related controls, as well as the new processes and controls to accommodate the business combination accounting and financial consolidation of CIFG Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries during the Company s quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

165 

Table of Contents  

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
       
  The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims, as described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Commitments and Contingencies   Legal Proceedings contained in this Form 10-Q, which note includes discussion of developments that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

ITEM  1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
       
  Please refer to the risk factors set forth in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and Part II, "Item 1A Risk Factors" of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in such Annual Report and Quarterly Report during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
       
  Issuer s Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  The following table reflects purchases of AGL common shares made by the Company during   Third Quarter 2016  . 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    After giving effect to repurchases since the beginning of 2013 through November 3, 2016, the Company has repurchased a total of   66.0 million   common shares for approximately   $1,619 million  , excluding commissions, at an average price of   $24.52   per share. On February 24, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a $250 million share repurchase authorization, and on November 2, 2016, it approved an incremental $250 million share repurchase authorization, including a specifically authorized repurchase from the Company's Chief Executive Officer and its General Counsel. See Note 17, Shareholders' Equity, of the Financial Statements, for additional information about the Company's repurchases of its common shares, including the details of the authorization of repurchases from its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. As of November 3, 2016,   $345 million   of total capacity remained from the authorizations, on a settlement basis.  
       
           (2)  
    Excludes commissions. 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS. 
       
  See Exhibit Index for a list of exhibits filed with this report. 

166 

     Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ASSURED GUARANTY LTD. 
  (Registrant) 

Dated November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ ROBERT A. BAILENSON 

Robert A. Bailenson 
  Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and 
  Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

167 

     Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

168 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ago-09302016x10qex101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

Dated  29 September 2016 

MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited 
  and 
  Assured Guaranty Corp. 

SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
  relating to the sale and purchase of       MBIA UK Insurance Limited 

Table of Contents 
    
        Page 
  1.        Definitions and Interpretation     1 
  2.        Sale and Purchase of the Shares    11 
  3.        Consideration    11 
  4.        Leakage    12 
  5.        Conditions    12 
  6.        Pre-Completion Obligations    16 
  7.        Completion    18 
  8.        Seller s Warranties    19 
  9.        Post-Completion Covenants    20 
  10.        Purchaser s Warranties    21 
  11.        Confidentiality and Announcements    22 
  12.        Counterparts    22 
  13.        Variation, Waiver and Consent    23 
  14.        Entire Agreement    23 
  15.        Withholding and Grossing-Up    23 
  16.        Notices    24 
  17.        Costs and Stamp Duty    25 
  18.        Continuing Effect    25 
  19.        Severability    25 
  20.        Assignment    26 
  21.        Payments and Currency Conversion    26 
  22.        Further Assurance    27 
  23.        Third Party Rights    27 
  24.        Governing Law and Dispute Resolution    27 
  25.        Agent for Service    27 
  SCHEDULE 1  THE COMPANY    29 
  SCHEDULE 2  COMPLETION  PART A SELLER S OBLIGATIONS AT COMPLETION    30 
  SCHEDULE 2  PART B  PURCHASER S OBLIGATIONS AT COMPLETION    32 
  SCHEDULE 3  WARRANTIES    33 
  SCHEDULE 4  LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY    46 
  SCHEDULE 5  PRE-COMPLETION ACTIONS    50 
  SCHEDULE 6  TERMINATING AGREEMENTS    54 
  SCHEDULE 7  INTRA-GROUP PAYMENTS    55 
  SCHEDULE 8  TAX COVENANT    56 
  SCHEDULE 9  TERM SHEET   TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT    71 
  SCHEDULE 10  PRE COMPLETION PLAN PRINCIPLES      75 

THIS AGREEMENT   is made on 29 September 2016 
  BETWEEN: 
  1.      MBIA UK (HOLDINGS) LIMITED  , a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales whose registered office is at 6   th    Floor (North), 99 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3XD (the    Seller    and 
  2.      ASSURED GUARANTY CORP.  , a Maryland domiciled insurance company, whose principal executive office is at 1633 Broadway, New York, New York 10019 (the    Purchaser   ). 
  BACKGROUND: 
  The Seller wishes to sell and the Purchaser wishes to purchase all of the issued and to be issued share capital of MBIA UK Insurance Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (the    Company   ), on the terms set out in this Agreement. 
  NOW IT IS AGREED   as follows: 
           1. 
    Definitions and Interpretation 
              1.1 
    In this Agreement, the following words and expressions shall, unless the context requires otherwise, have the following meanings: 
                       2015 Accounts    
    means the Accounts for the accounting reference period ended on 31 December 2015; 
         Accounts    
    means the audited balance sheet and the audited profit and loss account of the Company for each of the years ended 31 December 2015, 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2013 and the notes on such accounts, the auditor s and directors  reports and statements required by Applicable Law to be annexed to them; 
         Accounts Date    
    means 31 December 2015; 
         Action    
    means any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, proceeding, arbitration claim, demand, litigation, investigation, enquiry or other legal recourse, in each case by or before a Governmental Authority; 
         Affiliate    
    means, with respect to any person, any person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such first person and    Affiliated    is to be construed accordingly.  For the purposes of this definition,  control , when used with respect to any person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise; 
         Applicable Law    
    means any national, provincial, regional, local or foreign law, statute, common law or ordinance, or any rule, regulation, standard, judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, constitution, treaty, arbitration award, agency requirement, licence or permit enacted, promulgated, issued, enforced or entered by any Governmental Authority, in each case, as applicable to the relevant Party or its businesses, properties or assets; 

1 

Authorised Representatives    
    means such directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors or professional advisers of a Party as such Party may authorise or appoint to act on its behalf in the giving of instructions to and communicating with the other Party and the performance of any other acts, discretions or duties on its behalf under this Agreement; 
         Bromley Side Letter    
    means the agreed form letter relating to the Bond Guarantee issued in connection with the Bromley Bonds (as those terms are defined therein) and entered into contemporaneously with this Agreement; 
         Burdensome Condition    
    means any limitation, requirement or condition that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to: (i) materially impair or interfere with the ability of the Purchaser and its Affiliates (including the Company) to conduct their respective businesses, taken as a whole, after Completion substantially in the manner as such businesses were conducted as of the date hereof, (ii) require the sale, lease, license, disposal or holding separate (x) by Purchaser of any capital stock of any of its subsidiaries or the Company after Completion or (y) by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (including the Company) of any of their assets, rights, product lines, licenses, categories of assets or businesses or other operations or interests therein, (iii) require any capital contribution, capital support arrangement or guarantee for the benefit of the Company or any of its policyholders; or (iv) materially and adversely affect the benefits, taken as a whole, that Purchaser would otherwise receive from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
         Business    
    means the writing by the Company of financial guarantee insurance policies; 
         Business Day    
    means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which licensed banks are generally open for business in London and New York; 
         Company    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals; 
         Completion     
    means completion of the sale and purchase of the Shares in accordance with Clause 7; 
         Completion Date    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 7.1; 
         Conditions    and    Condition     
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5.1; 
         Confidentiality Agreement     
    means the agreement between the Guarantor and the Purchaser dated 24 March 2016; 
         Consideration     
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.1; 
         Data Room     
    ; 
         Defaulting Party    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 21.3; 
         Designated Bank Account    
    means such bank account in the United States as the Purchaser shall notify to the Seller no less than 3 (three) Business Days prior to the Completion Date; 
         Designated DTC Account    
    means such account at a participant of The Depository Trust Company as the Seller shall notify to the Purchaser no less than 3 (three) Business Days prior to the Completion Date; 

2 

Disclosure Letter    
    means the letter of the same date as this Agreement (including the contents of any schedule or appendix thereto) from the Seller to the Purchaser, together with all documents referenced in or annexed to it; 
         Employees    
    means the fourteen individuals employed by Trifinium Services Limited or MBIA Services Corporation at the relevant time and Employee shall mean any one of them; 
         Encumbrance     
    means any mortgage, fixed or floating charge, pledge, lien, option, restriction, guarantee, trust, right to acquire, right of pre emption, or any other encumbrance, lien, charge, legal or equitable third party right or interest including any assignment by way of security or trust arrangement for the purpose of providing security or other security interest of any kind (including title transfer and retention arrangements), and any other type of agreement or arrangement howsoever created or arising having a similar effect, or any agreement or arrangement to create any of the foregoing and    Encumber    and    Unencumbered    shall be construed accordingly but shall, except with respect to Clause 2, exclude any Permitted Encumbrance;  
         ERISA    
    means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
         ERISA Affiliate    
    means, with respect to any person, any corporation, trade or business which, together with such person, is a member of a controlled group of corporations or a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of section 414 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
         Extended Long Stop Date    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5.9; 
         Fair Market Value    
    means the aggregate amount for which assets of an entity would change hands between an interested purchaser and a seller, in an arm s length transaction, where both parties are aware of all relevant facts and neither party is under any compulsion to act. 
         FCA    
    means the Financial Conduct Authority; 
         FSMA    
    the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended from time to time; 
         Full Title Guarantee    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1994; 
         Fundamental Warranties    
    means the warranties contained in Clauses 1, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 (other than, in respect of 2.4, the identity of the Directors set out in Schedule 1), 2.5 and 23.1 of Schedule 3; 
         Governmental Authority    
    ; 
         Guarantee    
    means the agreed form guarantee by the Guarantor entered into contemporaneously with this Agreement of the Seller s obligations under this Agreement; 
         Guarantor    
    means MBIA Insurance Corporation, a New York domiciled insurance company; 

3 

Indebtedness    
    means any borrowing or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing (including any indebtedness for monies borrowed or raised under any bank or third party guarantee, counter-indemnity, bond, note, bill of exchange or commercial paper) and interest accrued thereon; 
         Initial Long Stop Date    
    means 10 January 2017; 
         Insurance Contract    
    means any contract pursuant to which the Company has consummated a transaction to provide credit protection, whether in the form of financial guaranty insurance, surety bonds or derivatives or assumed  reinsurance that are in force on the date of this Agreement; 
         Intellectual Property    
    means rights in all registered and/or unregistered (whether or not an application for registration is pending) design rights, copyrights, trademarks, service marks and domain names, patents and all related administrative and legal rights, anywhere in the world; 
         Intra-Group Services Agreement    
    means the amended and restated intra group services agreement among Trifinium Services Limited, the Seller, the Company and MBIA Services Corporation, dated 21 January 2016; 
         IT System    
    means all computer hardware (including network and telecommunications equipment and internet related information technology) and software (including preparatory materials, user manuals and related documentation) used by the Company; 
         Leakage    
    means any of the following (other than Permitted Leakage): 
        
    (a)        any dividend or other distribution of capital or income declared, paid or made (whether in cash or in specie) or any repurchase, redemption, repayment or return of share or loan capital (or any other securities) by the Company to or for the benefit of any member of the Retained Seller s Group; 
        
    (b)        the waiver, release or discount by the Company of any amount or obligation owed to the Company by any member of the Retained Seller s Group (or any of their respective officers, directors or employees);  
        
    (c)        any payment by the Company to any person who is an officer or director or employee of the Company or to an Employee or any payment to any other person who is an officer, director or employee of any member of the Retained Seller s Group; 
        
    (d)        any advisors  fees or any portion of the Seller Cash Payment borne by the Company in relation to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   
        
    (e)        the assumption by the Company of any liability of any member of the Retained Seller s Group (or any of their respective officers, directors or employees) or any undertaking to assume, indemnify, guarantee or secure any such liability; 

4 

(f)        the purchase or sale or other transfer by the Company from or to any member of the Retained Seller s Group (or any of their respective officers, directors or employees) of any assets; 
  (g)        any contractual or other payment by the Company to any other member of the Retained Seller s Group; 
        
    (h)        the agreement or undertaking by the Company to do any of the matters set out in paragraphs (a) to (g) above; or 
        
    (i)        the payment of any fees, costs or Tax incurred or paid by the Company as a result of the occurrence of any of those matters set out in paragraphs (a) to (h) above; 
         Locked Box Date    
    means 31 December 2015; 
         Long Stop Date     
    means the Initial Long Stop Date or, if either Party has validly extended the Initial Long Stop Date as provided in clause 5.9, the Extended Long Stop Date; 
         Losses    
    means all demands, claims, actions, proceedings, damages, payments, fines, penalties, losses, costs (including legal costs), expenses (including Tax) and other liabilities of any kind; 
         MBIA UK Investment Portfolio    
    means the investment portfolio of assets of the Company; 
         Management Accounts    
    ; 

5 

Material Adverse Effect    
    means any change, development, occurrence, event or effect that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on: (1) the business, assets, properties, financial condition or results of operations of the Company, but excluding any such change, development, occurrence, event or effect to the extent resulting from or arising out of: (i) general political, economic or securities or financial market conditions in the United Kingdom (including changes in interest rates or changes in equity prices); (ii) any occurrence or condition generally affecting financial guaranty insurance companies in the United Kingdom; (iii) any change or proposed change in UK GAAP or Applicable Law, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof; (iv) natural or man-made disasters, catastrophe events, pandemics, hostilities, acts of war or terrorism, or any escalation or worsening thereof; (v) the negotiation, execution and delivery of, or compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any action required by, the Transaction Documents, the failure to take any action prohibited by the Transaction Documents, or the public announcement of, or consummation of, any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (vi) the identity of or facts relating to the Purchaser or the effect of any action taken by any member of the Purchaser s Group, or taken by any member of the Seller s Group or the Company in accordance with the Transaction Documents or at the request of Purchaser or with Purchaser s prior written consent; or (vii) any failure of the Company to meet any financial projections, predictions or targets (provided, that this clause (vii) shall not by itself exclude the underlying causes of any such failure), except, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) to the extent that the Company, is materially and disproportionately affected by such changes, developments, occurrences, events or effects relative to other similarly situated participants operating in the industries in which the Company operates; or (2) on the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under, or to consummate the transaction contemplated by, this Agreement; 
         New Name     
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 10.2; 
         Notice    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 17.1; 
         Parties    
    means the parties to this Agreement, and    Party    means either of them; 
         Permitted Encumbrances    
    means Encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business that do not materially interfere with the use of the Encumbered asset; 
         Permitted Leakage         
    (a)        any payment under, or pursuant to the terms of the Intra-Group Services Agreement which is due and payable prior to Completion, in each case not to exceed the amounts listed in Schedule 7; 
        
    (b)        any payment to the non-executive directors of the Company in respect of director fees and related disbursements and costs, together with any associated employer s national insurance contributions or VAT, in aggregate not exceeding  6,000 (inclusive of VAT) per calendar month provided that they are paid net of all Tax required by law to be deducted at source;  
        
    (c)        any Leakage refunded in cash to the Company on or prior to Completion; 

6 

(d)        any payment contemplated in the 2016 budget or the business plan contained in the Data Room under document number 7.3.6, in aggregate not exceeding (i) for the 2016 calendar year  925,000 (such figure being inclusive of any amounts in respect of VAT) whether paid in 2016 or 2017, and (ii) for the 2017 calendar year  925,000 (such figure being inclusive of any amounts in respect of VAT)   multiplied by   a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the calendar year 2017 from 1 January to, but not including, the Completion Date and the denominator of which is 365; 
        
    (e)        any matter which the Purchaser and the Seller agree in writing shall constitute Permitted Leakage; 
        
    (f)        any amounts incurred or paid or agreed to be paid or payable or liability, cost or expense incurred by the Company at the written request of, or with the prior written consent of, the Purchaser; 
        
    (g)        any payment made or agreed to be made by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
        
    (h)        any amounts in respect of which a provision, reserve or accrual (contingent or otherwise) has been included in the 2015 Accounts; and 
        
    (i)        any taxation arising in connection with any of the matters set out above other than Tax which the Company is required by law, and fails, to deduct at source from any of the payments set out above; 
         Policy    
    means any contract of insurance; 
         PRA    
    the Prudential Regulation Authority; 
         Purchaser Cash Payment    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2; 
         Purchaser s Group    
    means the group of companies comprising the Purchaser and its Affiliates from time to time (including, following Completion, the Company), and  member of the Purchaser s Group  shall be construed accordingly; 
         Purchaser s Warranties     
    means the warranties made by the Purchaser in Clause 11; 
         Regulatory Conditions    
    means the Conditions set out at Clause 5.2(a) to (e), inclusive; 
         Regulatory Requirement    
    means the laws, rules, regulations, guidance or other conditions or requirements of each Governmental Authority as far as they relate to the Company; 
         Relevant Date      
    means the date which is three years prior to the date of execution of this Agreement; 
         Relevant Tax Date      
    means the date which is six years prior to the date of execution of this Agreement; 
         Retained Seller s Group    
    means the Seller s Group excluding the Company; 

7 

Sanctions Laws     
    means to the extent applicable to the Group: 
  (a)   the laws, regulations and rules promulgated or administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury to implement U.S. sanctions programmes, including any enabling legislation or executive order related thereto as amended from time to time; 
  (b)   sanctions and other restrictive measures applied by the European Union in pursuit of the Common Foreign and Security policy objectives set out in the Treaty of the European Union;  
  (c)   sanctions and other restrictive measures applied by H.M. Treasury; and 
  (d)   any similar sanctions laws as may be enacted from time to time by the U.S. and EU (and its member states), H.M. Treasury or any legislative body of the United Nations; 
         SAP    
    means the statutory accounting principles prescribed or permitted by the New York Department of Financial Services; 
         Seller Cash Payment    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.4 ; 
         Seller Party    
    means any member of the Seller s Group that is a party to any Transaction Document; 
         Seller s Group    
    means the group of companies comprising the Seller and its Affiliates (excluding, following Completion, the Company), and    member of the Seller s Group    shall be construed accordingly; 
         Seller s Solicitors    
    Debevoise   Plimpton LLP, 65 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7NQ, United Kingdom; 
         Seller s Warranties     
    means the warranties made by the Seller in Clause 8 and Schedule 3; 
         Shares     
    69,000,000 ordinary shares of  1 each, being all the issued and to be issued share capital of the Company; 
         SIMR    
    means persons who are subject to the PRA Senior Insurance Manager Regime; 
         Surviving Provisions    
    means Clauses 1, 5.12 and Clauses 12 to 25; 
         Tax     
    means all forms of taxation, withholdings, deductions, duties, imposts, levies, fees, charges, social security contributions and rates imposed, levied, collected, withheld, assessed or enforced by any local, municipal, regional, urban, governmental, state, federal or other body or authority in the United Kingdom, the United States or elsewhere, irrespective of the person to whom they are directly or primarily chargeable, in all cases being in the nature of taxation, and any interest, penalty, surcharge or fine in connection therewith; 
         Tax Attributes     
    means carried forward tax losses, the future benefit of FRS102 transitional adjustments and future double tax relief in respect of French tax; 
         Tax Authority     
    means any Tax authority or other authority competent to impose, assess, administer or enforce any liability to Tax whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere; 
         Tax Covenant Claim    
    means a claim under paragraph 2.1 of Schedule 8; 

8 

Tax Warranties     
    means the Warranties set out in paragraph 18 of Schedule 3; 
         Third Party Claim    
    means a claim by a party other than the Seller or Purchaser against the Seller, the Purchaser or the Company; 
         Trademarks    
    ; 
         Transaction Documents    
    means this Agreement, the Disclosure Letter, Guarantee, Transitional Services Agreement, the Bromley Side Letter, and the Confidentiality Agreement and    Transaction Document    means any of them;  
         Transferred Zohar Notes    
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2; 
         Transitional Services Agreement    
    means a transitional services agreement in a form to be agreed and based on the term sheet set out in Schedule 9, to be entered into on Completion by MBIA Services Corporation and/or Trifinium Services Limited and the Company; 
       TUPE Regulations  
    means the Transfer of Undertaking (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006; 
       UCC  
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 11.1(f); 
         Unconditional Date    
    means the first Business Day following the date on which all Conditions have been fulfilled (save, for those Conditions the fulfilment of which has been waived in accordance with this Agreement); 
         UK GAAP    
    means general accepted accounting principles of the United Kingdom as in effect from time to time; 
         U.S. Study    
    means the study prepared by Deloitte dated May 26, 2016 regarding the tax basis for United States federal income tax purposes in the issued stock of the Company as at the Locked Box Date and the cumulative earnings and profits of the Company (foreign corporation) for United States federal income tax purposes as at the Locked Box Date as determined in Treasury Regulation section 1.964-1 and the Internal Revenue Code sections referenced therein; 
         VAT    
    means: 
  (a)   any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112); and 
  (b)   any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraph (a) above, or imposed elsewhere; and 
         Warranty Claim     
    means any claim against the Seller under the Seller Warranties. 

1.2 
    All references to statutes, statutory provisions or enactments are to statutes, statutory provisions or enactments of the United Kingdom (unless provided otherwise) and shall include references to any consolidation, re-enactment, modification or replacement of the same, any statute, statutory provision or enactment of which it is a consolidation, re enactment, modification or replacement and any subordinate legislation in force under any of the same from time to time except to the extent that any consolidation, re-enactment, modification or replacement enacted after the date of this Agreement would extend or increase the liability of any Party to another under this Agreement. 
     
   9 

1.3 
    A company or other entity shall be a  holding company  for the purposes of this Agreement if it falls within the meaning attributed to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006, and a company or other entity shall be a  subsidiary  for the purposes of this Agreement if it falls within the meaning attributed to that term in section 1162 of the Companies Act 2006, and the terms  subsidiaries  and  holding companies  are to be construed accordingly.  
              1.4 
    References to this Agreement include the Recitals and Schedules which form part of this Agreement for all purposes.  References in this Agreement to the  Recitals ,  Schedules  and  Clauses  are references respectively to the recitals and schedules to and clauses of this Agreement. 
              1.5 
    Save where specifically required or indicated otherwise:   
              (a) 
    words importing one gender shall be treated as importing any gender, words importing individuals shall be treated as importing corporations and vice versa, words importing the singular shall be treated as importing the plural and vice versa, and words importing the whole shall be treated as including a reference to any part thereof; 
              (b) 
    references to a  person  shall include any individual, firm, body corporate, unincorporated association, corporation, limited liability company, Government Entity, association, joint venture, partnership or other entity in each case whether or not having a separate legal personality.  References to a company shall be construed so as to include any company, corporation or other body corporate wherever and however incorporated or established; 
              (c) 
    references to the word  include  or  including  (or any similar term) are not to be construed as implying any limitation and general words introduced by the word  other  (or any similar term) shall not be given a restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things; 
              (d) 
    where any matter in this Agreement is qualified by reference to materiality (including the phrase  in all material respects ) such reference shall, unless specified to the contrary, be construed as a reference to materiality in the context of the Group as a whole; 
              (e) 
    references to any statutory provision or legal term for any action, remedy, method of judicial proceeding, legal document, legal status, court, official or other legal concept, state of affairs or thing shall, in respect of any jurisdiction other than England and Wales, be deemed to include that which most nearly approximates in that jurisdiction to the statutory provision or legal term or other legal concept, state of affairs or thing, of England and Wales; 
              (f) 
    any reference to    writing    or    written    includes any method of reproducing words or text in a legible and non-transitory form and shall include email; 
              (g) 
    references to   or to pounds sterling are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom     as at the date of this Agreement, and references to US$ or dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States as at the date of this Agreement; and 
              (h) 
    references to times of the day are to that time in the United Kingdom     and references to a day are to a period of 24 hours running from midnight to midnight. 
              1.6 
    Clause and paragraph headings and the table of contents are inserted for ease of reference only and shall not affect construction. 
     
   10 

1.7 
    Any reference to a document in the    agreed form    is to the form of the relevant document in the terms agreed between the Seller and the Purchaser at the date of this Agreement and signed or initialled for identification purposes only by or on behalf of the Seller and the Purchaser (in each case with such amendments as may be agreed by or on behalf of the Seller and the Purchaser prior to Completion). 
              1.8 
    Where any statement in the Seller s Warranties is qualified by the expression  so far as the Seller is aware  or any similar expression, such statement shall be deemed only to be made on the basis of the actual knowledge, at the date of this Agreement, of William Fallon, Ram Wertheim, Philip Sullivan, Hugh Boyle, Karen Lynch, James Andrews, James Garelick, Riaz Khandwala and Joel Turner, after having made reasonable enquiry. 
              2. 
    Sale and Purchase of the Shares 
              2.1 
    On the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement, at Completion the Seller shall sell, and the Purchaser shall purchase, the entire legal and beneficial ownership in the Shares. 
              2.2 
    The Shares shall be sold with Full Title Guarantee free from all Encumbrances and together with all rights attaching to them at Completion. 
              2.3 
    The Purchaser shall not be obliged to complete the purchase of any of the Shares unless the sale of all the Shares is completed simultaneously. 
              2.4 
    The Seller irrevocably waives and shall procure the waiver of all rights of pre-emption over or other rights to restrict the transfer of the Shares conferred either by the articles of association of the Company or in any other way. 
              3. 
    Consideration 
              3.1 
    The total consideration to be paid by the Purchaser for the Shares and the receipt of the Seller Cash Payment shall be the transfer by the Purchaser to the Seller of US$250 million initial principal amount of Class A-2 Notes (G98917AA8) and US$200 million initial principal amount of Class A-3 Notes (CUSIP G98917AB6) issued by Zohar II 2005-1 Limited and Zohar II 2005-1 Corp. (the    Transferred Zohar Notes   ).  
              3.2 
    The scheduled interest payment due on 20 October 2016 on the Transferred Zohar Notes shall be for the account of the Purchaser.  Any other distribution of cash, securities or other property paid to, or received by, the Purchaser in respect of any payments of principal, interest and other distributions on or in exchange for the Transferred Zohar Notes subsequent to the date of this Agreement and prior to Completion shall be for the benefit of the Seller, and the Purchaser shall transfer (or procure the transfer of) such property to the Seller at, and subject to, Completion with the same title and subject to the same Encumbrances as received by the Purchaser. 
              3.3 
    The Purchaser shall transfer the Transferred Zohar Notes with Full Title Guarantee free from all Encumbrances at Completion. The Seller shall not be obliged to effect the transfer of the Shares unless the transfer of all Transferred Zohar Notes is completed simultaneously. 
              3.4 
    In addition to the transfer of the Shares to the Purchaser, at Completion the Seller shall pay to Purchaser in immediately available funds in the United States US$23 million (the    Seller Cash Payment   ), in accordance with Part A of Schedule 2. 
              3.5 
    Receipt by the Seller s Lawyers of any monies or completed documentation to be provided by the Purchaser in satisfaction of any of the obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement shall be accepted by the Seller as a full and complete discharge of that obligation. 
     
   11 

4.1 
    The Seller warrants and undertakes to the Purchaser that, in the period from the Locked Box Date to and including the date of this Agreement, there has not been any Leakage and from the date of this Agreement to Completion there will not be any Leakage.  
              4.2 
    In the event of any Leakage between the Locked Box Date and Completion, the Seller shall indemnify and covenants to pay to the Purchaser on demand an amount in cash equal to the amount or value of the Leakage received by it, any member of the Seller s Group or any of their respective officers, directors or employees (as applicable), or in respect of which any such person has benefited (save that the Seller shall also bear any Leakage that is a Tax amount that has been paid directly to the relevant Tax Authority and has not therefore been received by the relevant person or in respect of which such persons have benefitted).  A claim under this Clause 4.2 shall be the sole remedy available to the Purchaser arising from a breach of Clause 4.1. 
              4.3 
    The Seller is not liable to make a payment under Clause 4.2 unless the Purchaser has notified the Seller in writing of the occurrence of the Leakage to which any such payment relates, stating in reasonable detail the nature of the breach and, if practicable, the amount claimed, on or before the six month anniversary of the Completion Date. 
              4.4 
    Subject to Clause 4.5, the aggregate liability of the Seller in respect of this Clause 4 shall not exceed an amount equal to the Leakage actually received by or benefitting the relevant person (save that the Seller shall also bear any Leakage that is a Tax that has been paid directly to the relevant Tax Authority and has not therefore been received by the relevant person or in respect of which such persons have benefitted).  
              4.5 
    Nothing in this Clause 4 shall have the effect of limiting, restricting or excluding any liability arising as a result of any fraud or wilful concealment by the Seller, any member of the Seller s Group or any of their respective Affiliates.   
              5. 
    Conditions 
              5.1 
    The sale and purchase of the Shares is subject to, and Completion is conditional upon, the satisfaction of the Conditions set out in Clauses 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4 (collectively, the    Conditions    and each a    Condition   ). 
              5.2 
    The obligation of the Seller to sell the Shares to the Purchaser and make the Seller Cash Payment, and the Purchaser s obligations to purchase the Shares from the Seller, are conditional upon the following Conditions having been satisfied and remaining so immediately prior to Completion (as applicable): 
              (a) 
    the PRA having given notice in writing in accordance with either section 189(4) or section 189(7) FSMA that it approves the Purchaser and any other person acquiring control (within the meaning of section 181 FSMA) of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, or in the absence of such notice, the PRA being treated, under section 189(6) of FSMA, as having approved the acquisition of control over the Company by the Purchaser and any other relevant person without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition; 
              (b) 
    the FCA having given notice in writing in accordance with either section 189(4) or section 189(7) FSMA that it approves the Purchaser and any other person acquiring control (within the meaning of section 181 FSMA) of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, or in the absence of such notice, the FCA being treated, under section 189(6) of FSMA, as having approved the acquisition of control over the Company by the Purchaser and any other relevant person without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition; 
     
   12 

(c) 
    the written approval of the Maryland Insurance Administration of the acquisition by Purchaser of the Shares without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition; 
              (d) 
    the written approval of the California Department of Insurance of the sale by Seller of the Shares without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition or written confirmation by the California Department of Insurance of the inapplicability of Section 1011(c) of the California Insurance Code to the transactions contemplated hereby, but only to the extent approval of the sale of the Shares is also required by the New York State Department of Financial Services under Section 7402(d) of the New York Insurance Law; 
              (e) 
    the written approval or non-objection of the New York State Department of Financial Services of (i) the issuance by the Guarantor of the Guarantee and (ii) the contribution or loan to the Seller by the Guarantor of any funds necessary to enable the Seller to pay the Seller Cash Payment; and 
              (f) 
    none of the Seller, the Purchaser, nor the Company: (i) having received an order from a Governmental Authority or a court of competent jurisdiction that restrains or prohibits completion of the Transaction or a Governmental Authority having initiated proceedings to restrain or prohibit completion of the Transaction; (ii) being prohibited by any Applicable Law or regulation from completing the Transaction or (iii) the initiation of proceedings for the liquidation, rehabilitation, reorganization or conservation of the Guarantor, provided (in the case of (i) or (ii)) that the party asserting the failure of this Condition shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to have any such order vacated; 
     (collectively, the    Joint Conditions   ).  
           5.3 
    The obligation of the Purchaser to purchase the Shares from the Seller is conditional upon the following Conditions (the    Purchaser Conditions   ) having been satisfied, deemed satisfied or waived by Purchaser in its sole discretion and remaining so immediately prior to Completion (as applicable): 
              (a) 
    the Seller s Fundamental Warranties shall have been true, accurate and not misleading on the date of this Agreement and shall be true, accurate and not misleading on and as of Completion as though made on and as of Completion (except to the extent that any of the Seller s Fundamental Warranties speaks only as of an earlier date, in which event such warranty shall have been true, accurate and not misleading as of such date);  
              (b) 
    the Seller having provided the Purchaser with a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Seller (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is, or will be, a party; and 
              (c) 
    the Guarantor shall have entered into the Guarantee. 
              5.4 
    The obligation of the Seller to sell the Shares to the Purchaser and make the Seller Cash Payment is conditional upon the following Conditions (collectively, the  Seller Conditions ) having been satisfied, deemed satisfied or waived by Seller in its sole discretion and remaining so immediately prior to Completion (as applicable): 
              (a) 
    The Purchaser s Warranties shall have been true, accurate and not misleading on the date of this Agreement and shall be true, accurate and not misleading on and as of Completion as though made on and as of Completion (except to the extent  
     
   13 

that any of the Purchaser s Warranties speaks only as of an earlier date, in which event such warranty shall have been true, accurate and not misleading as of such date); and 
           (b) 
    the Purchaser having provided the Seller with a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Purchaser (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is, or will be, a party, or the Seller having waived this condition in its sole discretion. 
              5.5 
    The Purchaser and Seller shall use their respective reasonable endeavours, and shall cooperate fully with each other, to procure the satisfaction of the Regulatory Conditions as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement and, in any event, by the Initial Long Stop Date (or such other date as may be agreed in writing by the Seller and the Purchaser), including: 
              (a) 
    each Party shall give to the other Party reasonable prior notice of the time and place when any meetings, telephone calls or other conferences may be held by it with Governmental Authorities in connection with any approvals required for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Party shall have the right to have an Authorised Representative attend or otherwise participate in any such meeting, telephone call or other conference; 
              (b) 
    each Party shall keep the other informed of all material developments with any relevant Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and 
              (c) 
    notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Purchaser shall not be obligated to agree to any limitation, requirement or condition that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably constitute a Burdensome Condition. 
              5.6 
    Each Party shall keep the other promptly informed of, and shall consult with the other regarding, the progress of satisfying the Regulatory Conditions and shall inform the other as soon as reasonably practicable of all developments which would or might reasonably be expected to result in the failure of any of the Regulatory Conditions to be satisfied. 
              5.7 
    Subject to the Seller complying with its obligations in Clause 5.10, the Purchaser and Seller agree to use their respective reasonable endeavours to meet the following timetable and the timeframe in Clause 5.8, provided that neither Party shall have any liability under this Agreement for failure to meet such timetable to the extent that such failure is outside its control. 
                    Action 
    Required Completion Date 
      Purchaser to file notices under s178 FSMA in respect of the Company with the PRA and the FCA 
    10 Business Days after date of this Agreement 
      Purchaser to file applications referenced in clauses 5.2(c) 
    10 Business Days after date of this Agreement 
      Seller to file applications referenced in clauses 5.2(d) and (e) 
    10 Business Days after date of this Agreement 

5.8 
    The Purchaser shall as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement and in any event within 5 (five) Business Days of the date of this Agreement, submit requests to schedule meetings with the PRA and the FCA to take place as soon as reasonably  
     
   14 

practicable to discuss the Transaction and any requirements in connection with the Regulatory Conditions.  The Parties acknowledge that, if so required by the relevant Governmental Authority, the notifications specified in Clause 5.7 may be in draft form. 
           5.9 
    If the Unconditional Date has not occurred on or before 5.00 p.m. on the Initial Long Stop Date, the Parties may agree to extend the Initial Long Stop Date for up to a further 3 (three) months (such new date being the    Extended Long Stop Date   ).  
              5.10 
    Notwithstanding the remainder of this Clause 5, each Party shall: 
              (a) 
    co-operate fully in all actions reasonably necessary to procure the satisfaction of the Conditions expeditiously; 
              (b) 
    ensure that any notifications and/or filings made by it in connection with the Conditions are made as soon as reasonably practicable and with all due care and that such notifications and/or filings are accurate and complete in all requirements specified by the relevant Governmental Authority (with each Party being responsible for the accuracy of all information provided for such purposes by it in relation to itself and, in the case of the Purchaser, the Purchaser s Group and in the case of the Seller, the Seller s Group and the Company); 
              (c) 
    as soon as reasonably practicable following a request from another Party, provide that other Party with all information reasonably necessary (and to the extent not in breach of any duty of confidentiality owed to any person) to make any notification or filing in connection with the satisfaction of the Conditions or as requested by any Governmental Authority; 
              (d) 
    on request and to the extent reasonable, keep the other Party informed of the progress of any notification or filing including where a Condition has been satisfied and provide such assistance as may reasonably be required in connection with the satisfaction of the Conditions; and 
              (e) 
    subject to confidentiality requirements, Applicable Laws and the requirements of Governmental Authorities, provide the other Parties with draft copies of all material written submissions to any Governmental Authority in relation to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Conditions at such time as will permit the other Parties a reasonable opportunity to provide comments on such material submissions before they are submitted or sent or made and, in completing such material submissions or communications, each Party agrees to the extent reasonably practicable to have due regard to any reasonable comments made by the other Parties, 
     provided however that no Party shall be required under this Clause 5.10 to provide another Party with copies or records of any part of any communications or submissions which contains commercially sensitive or confidential information which the Party considers (acting in good faith and on a reasonable basis) would otherwise be adverse to its legitimate interests, or such information being privileged. 
           5.11 
    This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Long Stop Date: 
              (a) 
    by mutual written consent of the Parties; or 
              (b) 
    by either Party, if any Applicable Law or final, non-appealable order of any Governmental Authority shall have been enacted, issued, enforced or made applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that has the effect of making the transactions contemplated by this Agreement unlawful; 
     
   15 

and by either Party after the Long Stop Date, if Completion has not occurred on or prior to the Long Stop Date unless the failure to consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is the result of a breach of this Agreement by the Party seeking to terminate this Agreement. 
            (a) 
    Subject to Clause 5.12(b), where this Agreement is terminated for any reason, this Agreement shall cease to be of any effect save for the Surviving Provisions (which shall remain in full force and effect).  
              (b) 
    If this Agreement is terminated as provided in Clause 5.11, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force or effect (except as stated in Clause 5.12(a) above); provided that no party will be relieved or released of any liability or damages arising out of any failure to comply with or breach of this Agreement or fraud related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
              6. 
    Pre-Completion Obligations 
              6.1 
    On the date of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller: 
              (a) 
    a duly countersigned copy of the Disclosure Letter; and 
              (b) 
    a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Purchaser (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is or shall be a party; 
              6.2 
    On the date of this Agreement, the Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser: 
              (a) 
    a duly executed copy of the Disclosure Letter; 
              (b) 
    a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Seller (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents which it is or shall be a party. 
              6.3 
    Until Completion, the Seller shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:  
              (a) 
    procure that, except with the written consent of the Purchaser, the Company shall carry on its business as a going concern and shall not depart from the ordinary course of its day-to-day business as carried on at the date of this Agreement; and 
              (b) 
    comply with the provisions of Schedule 5. 
              6.4 
    On or after the satisfaction or waiver (as the case may be) of the last of the Conditions to be satisfied or waived, but not less than 3 (three) Business Days prior to Completion, the Purchaser shall notify the PRA and the FCA of the proposed Completion Date. 
              6.5 
    All of the intercompany arrangements between any member of the Seller s Group (other than the Company) on the one hand, and the Company on the other hand, including those listed on Schedule 7, will be terminated immediately prior to Completion, and Seller shall cause all intercompany balances between any member of the Seller s Group (other than the Company) on the one hand, and the Company on the other hand, to be paid in full and settled immediately prior to Completion or as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable. 
     
   16 

6.6 
    The Seller shall, between the date of this Agreement and Completion, as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Purchaser in writing, in sufficient detail to enable the Purchaser to make a proper assessment of the matter (to the extent such detail is reasonably available), if the Seller becomes aware of any fact or circumstance which it is also aware constitutes a breach of Clause 6.3 or Schedule 5 or which it considers is likely to cause any of the Seller s Fundamental Warranties to become untrue, inaccurate or misleading at any time before Completion. 
              6.7 
    The Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into settlement agreement(s) with such Employees(s) (i) not expected to provide services pursuant to the Transitional Services Agreement and with such settlement agreement to be effective at or after Completion; and (ii) that are no longer providing services under the Transitional Services Agreement with such settlement agreement being effective at the time such services are no longer provided, such settlement agreement(s) to include a release by the relevant Employee of the Company, each member of the Purchaser s Group, and their respective officers, directors, employees and shareholders, of all liabilities to the Employee (if any), including without limitation any and all claims in respect of the Employee s employment and its termination (and the Seller shall provide the Purchaser a copy of such release for the Purchaser s review and shall reasonably consider making any changes thereto requested by the Purchaser). 
              6.8 
    The Seller agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit its Affiliates, to: (i) induce or encourage any Employee to resign prior to the Completion Date or, with respect to Employees expected to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement, prior to such Employee no longer being necessary to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement, (ii) terminate the employment of any Employee providing service under the Transitional Services Agreement prior to 31 May 2017 other than for improper conduct and/or negative performance, or (iii) other than where the Seller reasonably believes (A) there are compassionate and/or personal mitigating circumstances and (B) the loss of such Employee s services will not prevent the service provider under the Transitional Services Agreement from complying with its obligations under such agreement, pay severance to any Employee providing service under the Transitional Services Agreement who voluntarily terminates his or her employment prior to 31 May 2017 (or such earlier date as the services relevant to such Employee cease to be provided).  It is acknowledged and agreed by the Parties that the Purchaser's Group may, before completion of the services period under the Transitional Services Agreement, make offers of employment to certain of the Employees (a    Transfer Offer   ). If any Transfer Offer is accepted, the Seller shall procure that the relevant Employees are released from any notice periods, post-termination restrictive covenants or any other restrictions so that the Employees are able to commence employment with the Purchaser's Group immediately after completion of the services period under the Transitional Services Agreement (or such earlier date as the relevant Employee ceases to be required for the services).  The Seller agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company, each member of the Purchaser's Group, and their respective officers, directors, employees and shareholders, against any and all Losses suffered or incurred by them as a direct or indirect result of the employment or engagement or termination of employment or engagement of any of the Employees or any other person engaged to provide services in relation to the business carried out by the Company (including external consultants and contractors engaged by the Company) but excluding any such Losses: (i) arising in relation to the employment after the Completion Date or, if relevant, after an Employee ceases to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement or termination of employment after the Completion Date or, if relevant, after an Employee ceases to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement of any Employee who is employed by the Company or any member of the Purchaser s Group following acceptance of a Transfer Offer or who otherwise is actively employed by the Company or any member of the Purchaser s Group after Completion (it being agreed that the provision of services pursuant to the Transitional Services Agreement shall not be considered employment by or with the Company); or (ii) arising in relation to the engagement after the Completion Date or, if relevant, after a person ceases to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement or termination of  
     
   17 

engagement after the Completion Date or, if relevant, after completion of the services period under the Transitional Services Agreement of any person who actively provides services after the Completion Date or, if relevant, after a person ceases to provide services under the Transitional Services Agreement to the Company or any member of the Purchaser s Group. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall include (subject to the exclusions above) any such Losses which transfer under the TUPE Regulations to the Company or any members of the Purchaser's Group, or which relate to any breach or alleged breach of any obligations to inform and consult under the TUPE Regulations.  The Seller agrees not to discourage any such Employee from accepting a Transfer Offer and not to disrupt any such offers of employment made by the Purchaser's Group.   
           6.9 
    From the date of this Agreement, the Parties shall exercise their respective commercially reasonable endeavours to agree the Transitional Services Agreement based upon the term sheet set out in Schedule 9. 
              6.10 
    To the extent that any amendment, waiver or amendment is agreed in relation to the Aspire Defence Limited transaction documentation (substantially for the purpose disclosed to the Purchaser as documents 15.38, 15.49 and 15.64 in the Data Room) prior to Completion, then the Seller shall (i) procure the delivery to the Purchaser of a letter from the Guarantor in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser that any such amendment, waiver or consent is reasonably expected not to adversely impact the financial performance of the Aspire Defence Limited transaction, and (ii) procure a letter or report from the Technical Advisor (Arcadis) commissioned by the Company and Ambac Assurance Corp. (or its Affiliate) that includes a statement to the effect that the proposed amendment, waiver or consent creates a low level of incremental risk to the Company. 
              7. 
    Completion 
              7.1 
    Subject to the Unconditional Date having occurred, Completion shall take place at the offices of the Seller s Solicitors on the later of: (i) 3 January 2017; and (ii) the earlier of (A) second (2nd) Business Day after the Unconditional Date, and (B) 10 January 2017, or such other date and/or place as may be agreed in writing by the Parties pursuant to Clause 5.9 (   Completion Date   ). 
              7.2 
    At Completion, the Seller shall observe and perform the relevant provisions of Part A of Schedule 2. 
              7.3 
    At Completion, the Purchaser shall observe and perform the relevant provisions of Part B of Schedule 2.   
              7.4 
    If a Party does not comply with its obligations in either Clause 7.2 or Clause 7.3 (as applicable), the other Party shall not be obliged to complete the acquisition or sale of the Shares or perform any of the other obligations set out in Clause 7.2 or 7.3 (as applicable) and such Party may in its absolute discretion (in addition and without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it hereunder or at common law) by written notice to the other Party: 
              (a) 
    defer Completion to such other date (not being after the Long Stop Date) as such Party may specify (and so that the provisions of this Agreement relating to Completion shall apply mutatis mutandis); 
              (b) 
    waive all or any of the requirements contained or referred to in Clause 7.2 or 7.3 (as applicable) at its discretion and proceed to Completion so far as practicable; or 
              (c) 
    if the Long Stop Date has passed, terminate this Agreement in accordance with Clause 5.11(b). 
     
   18 

8. 
    Seller s Warranties 
              8.1 
    Subject to the other provisions of this Clause 8, the Seller hereby warrants to the Purchaser that the Seller s Warranties are true, accurate and not misleading as at the date of this Agreement. 
              8.2 
    The Seller warrants that the Fundamental Warranties will at Completion be in all respects true, accurate and not misleading as if repeated by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing (except to the extent that any such warranty speaks only as of an earlier date, in which event such warranty shall have been true, accurate and not misleading as of such date) and, for the purposes of this Clause 8.2 only, any reference made to the date of this Agreement (whether express or implied) in any of the Fundamental Warranties shall be construed, as a reference to the date of Completion. 
              8.3 
    Any Warranty Claim shall be subject to the limitations and other provisions set out in Schedule 4. 
              8.4 
    The Purchaser shall not be entitled to claim that any fact, matter or circumstance causes any of the Warranties to be breached if such fact, matter or circumstance is fairly disclosed in the Disclosure Letter or in the Data Room. For the purposes of this Agreement,  fairly disclosed  means that the fact, matter or circumstance is described in the Disclosure Letter or Data Room sufficient to enable a reasonable purchaser to make a reasonably informed assessment of the matter, fact or circumstance disclosed. 
              8.5 
    The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Seller does not make any express or implied representation or warranty under this Agreement as to the future experience, success or profitability of the Business, whether or not conducted or administered in a manner similar to the manner in which the Business was conducted prior to Completion. 
              8.6 
    Without prejudice to Clause 8.4, none of the Seller s Warranties, nor any other provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, shall be construed as a representation or warranty, directly or indirectly, by the Seller or any other member of the Seller s Group as to: 
              (a) 
    the accuracy of any forecasts, assumptions, estimates, projections, or statements of honestly expressed opinion or intent contained in any accounting or actuarial information provided to the Purchaser (including, without limitation, the Accounts or the Management Accounts); or 
              (b) 
    the future fulfilment of any forecasts, assumptions, estimates, projections, or statements of honestly expressed opinion or intent. 
              8.7 
    All of the Seller s Warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement until the expiry of the period for making claims for breach of such warranties under this Agreement (at which time such warranties shall terminate). 
              9. 
    Post-Completion Covenants 
              9.1 
    The Purchaser undertakes to the Seller, that from Completion until the 6th (sixth) anniversary thereafter or such earlier time that Seller has provided written notice to Purchaser that the information and access described below is no longer reasonably required by the Seller (  provided  , that Purchaser shall give thirty (30) days  notice to Seller prior to destroying any records to permit the Seller, at its expense, to examine, duplicate or repossess such books and records), at the Seller s sole cost, upon reasonable notice at reasonable times during normal business hours (i) it shall promptly afford (and will procure that the Company promptly affords) to the Seller and its Authorised Representatives, reasonable access to the books,  
     
   19 

records, officers and employees of the Company, (ii) shall use reasonable endeavours to provide access to any audit records in the possession of its auditors, and (iii) shall provide information with respect to the Company, in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), solely with respect to periods prior to the Completion Date, in a readily accessible form (including financial information in a form consistent with the Company s historical practice for the preparation of such financial information), to the extent in the Purchaser s possession, in each case, to the extent reasonably required by the Seller or any of its Affiliates for any lawful business purpose related to its prior ownership of the Company, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to comply with Applicable Law, including litigation (other than with the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (including the Company), disputes  (other than with the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (including the Company), compliance, financial and Tax reporting, and the Purchaser shall cooperate fully with the Seller or its relevant Affiliates provided that such access does not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of Purchaser or the Company.   Purchaser shall not be required to disclose any information if Purchaser reasonably determines that: (i) information is subject to attorney-client privilege to the extent doing so would reasonably be expected to cause such privilege to be waived; or (ii) disclosure may contravene any Applicable Law, fiduciary duty or agreement.  The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which the preceding sentence applies to the extent commercially practicable.  
           9.2 
    The Seller undertakes to the Purchaser, that from Completion until the 6th (sixth) anniversary thereafter or such earlier time that the Purchaser has provided written notice to the Seller that the information and access described below is no longer reasonably required by the Purchaser (  provided  , that the Seller shall give thirty (30) days  notice to the Purchaser prior to destroying any such records to permit the Purchaser, at its expense, to examine, duplicate or repossess such books and records), at the Purchaser's sole cost upon reasonable notice at reasonable times during normal business hours, (i) it shall promptly afford (and will procure that each member of the Retained Seller Group promptly affords) to the Purchaser and its Authorised Representatives, reasonable access to the books, records, officers and employees of the Seller and each relevant member of the Retained Seller Group, and (ii) shall provide information with respect to the Company, in the case of (i) and (ii), solely with respect to periods prior to the Completion Date, in a readily accessible form, to the extent in the possession Seller or another member of the Seller s Group or any third-party service provider to the Seller or another member of the Seller s Group, in each case, to the extent reasonably required by the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates for any lawful business purpose related to their ownership and operation of the Company, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to comply with Applicable Law, including litigation (other than with the Seller or any of its Affiliates), disputes (other than with the Seller or any of its Affiliates), compliance, financial and Tax reporting provided that such access does not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of Seller.   The Seller shall not be required to disclose any information if the Seller reasonably determines that: (i) information is subject to attorney-client privilege to the extent doing so would reasonably be expected to cause such privilege to be waived; or (ii) disclosure may contravene any Applicable Law, fiduciary duty or agreement.  The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which the preceding sentence applies to the extent commercially practicable. Seller and Purchaser agree that all books and records of the Company (which includes, but is not limited to, emails and other correspondence relating to the Company s business), including information contained electronically on   the computer systems of the Seller or other members of the Seller s Group     or any third-party service provider to the Seller or another member of the Seller s Group   are the property of the Company and that after Completion the Company shall have the right   to examine, duplicate or repossess such books and records   to the extent accessible by the Seller or other members of the Seller s Group; provided that, to the extent any such books and records contain information not relating to the Company, Seller may redact such information. Any such books and records, while in the possession of the Seller or other members of the Seller s Group shall be treated the same as information of the Seller, including being   subject to the Seller and its Affiliates document retention policies; provided  
     
   20 

that Seller shall give thirty (30) days  notice to the Purchaser prior to destroying any such books or records to permit the Purchaser to examine, duplicate or repossess such books and records. 
           9.3 
    The Parties hereby agree that the Company shall not be entitled to carry on business under the name  MBIA  or any confusingly similar name. Accordingly, the Purchaser hereby undertakes to the Seller to procure that by no later than 180 days after Completion the corporate name of the Company is changed to a name which does not contain or refer to the acronym of  MBIA  and is not confusingly similar to the current name of the Company (the    New Name   ). 
              9.4 
    The Purchaser hereby undertakes to the Seller to procure that by no later than 180 days after Completion the Company shall cease using the Trademarks in respect of the following materials: (i) business cards; (ii) invoices; (iii) receipts; (iv) forms; and (iv) product, training and service literature and materials, (together, the    Materials   ).   
              9.5 
    The Purchaser hereby undertakes to the Seller to procure that by no later than 90 days after Completion, the Company shall: (i) establish its own internet (wide area network) link for sending emails and or accessing the internet; (ii) set up an email domain name without referencing  MBIA  or any derivation thereof; and (iii) set up its own email server (software).  
              9.6 
    Notwithstanding this Clause 9, the Purchaser shall be entitled to refer to  MBIA  in any document or notice it is required or permitted to send or serve pursuant to any legally binding obligation, agreement, or court or legal proceeding provided, however, that any such document, notice, or court or legal proceeding shall specifically note the New Name each time  MBIA  is used. 
              10. 
    Purchaser s Warranties 
              10.1 
    The Purchaser hereby warrants to the Seller as at the date of this Agreement and as at the Completion Date, as follows: 
              (a) 
    the Purchaser has requisite power, authority and capacity to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Document to which it is a party and the Transaction Document constitute or will, when executed and delivered, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations on the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to any principles of equity or insolvency law; 
              (b) 
    the Purchaser has obtained all corporate authorisations required to empower it to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
              (c) 
    entry into and performance by the Purchaser of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will not (i) breach any provision of the memorandum and articles of association, by-laws or equivalent constitutional documents, of the Purchaser, (ii) give rise to a default under, any contract or other instrument to which the Purchaser is a party  that would materially impair the ability of the Purchaser to consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (iii) (subject to fulfilment of the Conditions) result in a breach of any Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Purchaser or of any order, decree or judgment of any court or any Governmental Authority that would materially impair the ability of the Purchaser to consummate any of the transactions contemplated thereby;  
              (d) 
    other than to the extent relevant to the Joint Conditions, no consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to any Purchaser Party in connection  with the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Purchaser Parties, or the consummation by the Purchaser Parties of the transactions contemplated thereby;  
     
   21 

(e) 
    the Purchaser is validly incorporated, in existence and duly registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; and 
              (f) 
    the Purchaser is, and immediately prior to the Completion Date will be, the beneficial record holder of the Transferred Zohar Notes to be transferred by the Purchaser hereunder with full dispositive power thereover, and holds, and will hold, such Notes free and clear of all Encumbrances (except any that arise pursuant to this Agreement), and upon delivery of such Notes, assuming that the Seller has no notice of any adverse claims (within the meaning of Section 8-105 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York from time to time (the    UCC   )) to such Transferred Zohar Notes, the Seller will acquire a valid security entitlement (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC) to such Transferred Zohar Notes, and no action (whether framed in conversion, replevin, constructive trust, equitable lien or other theory) based on an adverse claim (within the meaning of Section 8-105 of the UCC) to such security entitlement may be asserted against the Seller. 
              10.2 
    There is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against or affecting the Purchaser or any Affiliate of the Purchaser that (a) seeks to restrain or enjoin the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (b) would reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Purchaser to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
              10.3 
    No member of the Purchaser s Group is the subject of any governmental, regulatory or official investigation or enquiry which is in progress or threatened or pending which has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser s ability to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
              11. 
    Confidentiality and Announcements 
              11.1 
    The terms of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive Completion. 
              11.2 
    Each of the Purchaser and the Seller, and their respective Affiliates, shall consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement with respect to such matters without the advance approval of the other party following such consultation (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as may be required by Applicable Law or by the requirements or any securities exchange; provided that, in the event that any party is required by Applicable Law or the requirements of any securities exchange to issue any such press release or make any public statement and it is not feasible to obtain the advance approval of the other party hereto as required by this Clause 12.2, the party that issues such press release or makes such statement shall provide the other party with notice and a copy of such press release or statement as soon as reasonably practicable.  Each Party hereby consents to the filing of a copy of this Agreement as an exhibit to one or more periodic filings to be made by the other Party under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
              11.3 
    Nothing in Clause 12.2 shall restrict the Seller or the Company (after any public statement made in accordance with Clause 11.2) and the Purchaser or the Company (after Completion) from informing clients or suppliers of the acquisition of the Company by the Purchaser. 
      This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the Parties on separate counterparts and each such counterpart shall constitute an original of this  
  
   22 

Agreement but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement shall not be effective until each Party has executed at least one counterpart. 
           13. 
    Variation, Waiver and Consent 
              13.1 
    No amendment, variation or waiver of any provision of this Agreement (including any Condition) shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by each of the Parties. 
              13.2 
    Unless expressly agreed, no variation or waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement shall constitute a general variation or waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement, nor shall it affect any rights, obligations or liabilities under or pursuant to this Agreement which have already accrued up to the date of variation or waiver, and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, except and only to the extent that they are so varied or waived. 
              13.3 
    Any consent granted under this Agreement shall be effective only if given in writing and signed by the consenting Party and then only in the instance and for the purpose for which it was given. 
              13.4 
    Any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy provided by law or under this Agreement shall not preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. 
              13.5 
    The rights, powers and remedies of each Party under this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies of that Party under the general law.  Each Party may exercise each of its rights, powers and remedies as often as it shall think necessary. 
               14.1 
    The Transaction Documents constitute the entire and only agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter of the Transaction Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Transaction Documents supersede any and all previous agreements, discussions, correspondence, understandings and communications (whether written or oral) between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of the Transaction Documents.   
              14.2 
    Each Party acknowledges and agrees that it has not been induced to enter into any Transaction Document in reliance upon, nor have they been given, any warranty, representation, statement, assurance, covenant, agreement, undertaking, indemnity or commitment of any nature whatsoever other than as are expressly set out in the Transaction Documents.  
              14.3 
    Save as provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, the only remedies available to the Purchaser in respect of the Transaction Documents are damages for breach of contract and, for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not have any right to rescind or terminate any Transaction Document. 
              15. 
    Withholding and Grossing-Up 
              15.1 
    All payments to be made under this Agreement shall be made in full without any set-off or counterclaim and free from any deduction or withholding save as may be required by law, in which event the deduction or withholding will not exceed the minimum amount which it is required by law to deduct or withhold and, in the case of payments from the Seller to the Purchaser, the payer will simultaneously pay to the payee such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the payee of a net amount equal to the full amount which would otherwise have been receivable had no deduction or withholding been required. 
     
   23 

15.2 
    If any amount payable to the Purchaser by the Seller for or in connection with any Warranty Claim or a Tax Covenant Claim is subject to Tax, that amount shall be paid so as to ensure that the net amount retained by the Purchaser after taking the Tax into account is equal to the full amount which would have been retained by the  Purchaser but for the Tax. 
               16.1 
    Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any notice, demand or other communication (   Notice   ) to be given by any Party under, or in connection with, this Agreement shall be in writing, in English and signed by or on behalf of the Party giving it. Any Notice shall be served by hand or sending it by post to the address set out in Clause 16.2, or by sending it by email to the email address set out in Clause 16.2 and in each case marked for the attention of the relevant Party set out in Clause 16.2 (or as otherwise notified from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 16).  Any Notice so served by post or email shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as follows: 
              (a) 
    if sent by email, at the time the sender receives an electronic delivery receipt thereof; 
              (b) 
    in the case of delivery, if delivered by hand, when delivered; or 
              (c) 
    if posted, at the earlier of the time of delivery and (if posted in the United Kingdom by first class registered post) 10 a.m. on the second Business Day after  posting; 
     provided that, in each case, if any Notice would otherwise become effective on a day which is not a Business Day or after 5 p.m. on a Business Day, it shall instead become effective at 10 a.m. on the next following Business Day and if it would become effective before 9 a.m. on a Business Day, it shall instead become effective at 10 a.m. on that Business Day. 
  References to time in this Clause 16 are to New York City time. 
           16.2 
    The addresses of the Parties for the purpose of this Clause 16 are as follows: 
              (a) 
    MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited 
               Email: 
    Ram.Wertheim@mbia.com        For the attention of:     Ram Wertheim 
     with a copy to: 
  MBIA Insurance Corporation 
            Email: 
    Ram.Wertheim@mbia.com 
              For the attention of: 
    Ram Wertheim 
     with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
  Debevoise   Plimpton LLP 
  65 Gresham Street 
  London  EC2V 7NQ 
  
   24 

Attention: 
    James C. Scoville 
              Email : 
    jcscovil@debevoise.com 
              (b) 
    Purchaser 
     Assured Guaranty Corp.  1633 Broadway   New York, New York 10019  Attention: General Counsel  E-mail: generalcounsel@assuredguaranty.com  
  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  
  Mayer Brown LLP  71 South Wacker Drive  Chicago. Illinois 60606  Attention: Edward S. Best  E-mail: ebest@mayerbrown.com 
           16.3 
    A Party may notify the other Parties to this Agreement of a change to its name, relevant addressees or address or for the purposes of this Clause 16, provided that such notice shall only be effective on: 
              (a) 
    the date specified in the notification as the date on which the change is to take place; or 
              (b) 
    if no date is specified or the date specified is less than 5 (five) Business Days after the date on which notice is given, the date following 5 (five) Business Days after notice of any change has been given. 
               17.1 
    Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Party shall be responsible for its own legal, accountancy and other costs, charges and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and implementation of this Agreement, any other Transaction Documents and any other agreement or document incidental to or referred to in this Agreement.  
              17.2 
    The Purchaser shall be responsible for the payment of any and all stamp duty payable in respect of the sale and purchase of the Shares.  The Parties acknowledge that, as of the date of this Agreement, the outstanding principal amount of the Transferred Zohar Notes is US$346 million. 
      Each provision of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Completion, except to the extent that a provision has been fully performed on or before Completion. 
            19.1 
    If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any jurisdiction, then such provision shall (so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) be given no effect and shall be deemed not to be included in this Agreement but without invalidating any of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.  Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.   
     
   25 

The Parties shall then use all reasonable endeavours to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision(s) by a valid and enforceable substitute provision the effect of which is as close as possible to the intended effect of the invalid or unenforceable provision. 
            20.1 
    Subject to Clauses 20.2 and 20.3, no Party shall be entitled to assign the benefit or burden of any provision of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. 
              20.2 
    This Agreement and all benefits and obligations hereunder may be transferred (whether through liquidation or other distribution or transfer) in whole but not in part by the Seller to the Guarantor, in which event the Seller shall hereby be released from, and the Purchaser hereby consents to and agrees (on behalf of itself and each of its Affiliates): (a) to release the Seller from all obligations and liabilities and waive any and all claims against the Seller under or in respect of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) to the assumption by the Guarantor of all such obligations pursuant to the Guarantee. 
              20.3 
    This Agreement and the benefits arising under it may be assigned in whole or in part by the Purchaser to any member of the Purchaser s Group (provided that if such assignee ceases to be a member of the Purchaser s Group, this Agreement and the benefits arising under it shall be deemed automatically by that fact to have been retransferred to the Purchaser immediately before the assignee ceases to be a member of the Purchaser s Group).  
              20.4 
    Provided that, in the case of an assignment pursuant to Clause 20.3, then the liability of any Party to such an assignee and all other persons shall not be greater than it would have been had such an assignment not taken place, and all rights, benefits and protections afforded to a Party shall continue to apply to the benefit of that Party as against the assignee as they would have applied as against the person who is a Party to this Agreement. 
              21. 
    Payments and Currency Conversion 
              21.1 
    Unless otherwise expressly stated and except for the Seller Cash Payment and any Purchaser Cash Payment, each payment of cash to be made under this Agreement shall be in Pounds Sterling. 
              21.2 
    Any amount to be converted from one currency into another currency for the purposes of this Agreement shall be converted into an equivalent amount at the Conversion Rate prevailing at the Conversion Date.  For the purposes of this Clause 21: 
              (a) 
    Conversion Rate   means the spot closing mid-point rate for a transaction between the two currencies in question on the date immediately preceding the Conversion Date as quoted by the Financial Times, London edition     or, if no such rate is quoted on that date, on the preceding date on which such rates are quoted; and 
              (b) 
    Conversion Date   means, save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the date on which a payment or an assessment is to be made. 
              21.3 
    If any Party which is required to pay any sum under this Agreement fails to pay any sum payable by it under this Agreement on the due date for payment (   Defaulting Party   ), it shall pay interest on such sum for the period from and including the due date up to the date of actual payment (after as well as before judgement) in accordance with this Clause 21. 
              21.4 
    The Defaulting Party shall pay interest at the rate of 2% above the base rate from time to time of Barclays Bank plc, which interest shall accrue from day to day and be compounded quarterly. 
     
   26 

22.1 
    Each Party shall (and shall procure that each of its Affiliates shall) from time to time at its own cost do, perform, sign, execute and deliver all such acts, deeds, documents and things (or procure the doing, performance, signing, execution or delivery of them) as the other Party shall from time to time reasonably require, to give full effect to the Transaction Documents. 
               23.1 
    Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Parties do not intend any term of this Agreement to be enforceable pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
              24. 
    Governing Law and Dispute Resolution  
              24.1 
    This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. 
              24.2 
    The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement) and the Parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
               25.1 
    The Purchaser shall at all times maintain an agent for service of process and any other documents in proceedings in England. The Purchaser hereby appoints Assured Guaranty (Europe) Ltd., 11th floor, 6 Bevis Marks, London EC3A 7BA. Any claim form, judgment or other notice of legal process shall be sufficiently served if delivered to such agent at its address for the time being.  In the event that the Guarantor assumes all of the Seller s obligations under this Agreement as provided in Clause 20.2, the Guarantor shall at all times thereafter maintain an agent for service of process and any other documents in proceedings in England. 
              25.2 
    The Purchaser shall not revoke the appointments made in this Clause 25. If for any reason an agent appointed under this Clause 25 ceases to act as such or ceases to have an address in England, the Purchaser shall promptly appoint another agent and notify the Seller and the Guarantor of the appointment and the new agent s name and address. 
              25.3 
    If the Purchaser fails to appoint an agent for service in accordance with Clause 25.1 above, the Seller shall be entitled to appoint an agent at the Purchaser s expense.  If the Guarantor fails to appoint an agent for service in accordance with Clause 25.1 above, the Purchaser shall be entitled to appoint an agent at the Guarantor s expense. 
     
   27 

IN WITNESS   whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 
    
                   Signed for and on behalf of  
      MBIA UK (HOLDINGS) LIMITED 

by its duly authorised representative 
    ) 
  ) 
  ) 
      
  /s/ William C. Fallon                      . 

William C. Fallon                  . 

Signed for and on behalf of  
      ASSURED GUARANTY CORP. 

by its duly authorised representative 
    ) 
  ) 
  ) 
      
  /s/ James M. Michener                  . 

James M. Michener                  . 

28 

SCHEDULE 1        THE COMPANY 
    
                 Name 
    MBIA UK Insurance Limited 
      Date of incorporation 
    22 March 2002 
      Place of incorporation 
    England and Wales 
      Company Registration number 
    4401508 
      Registered office 
    6th Floor (North)  99 Bishopsgate  London  EC2M 3XD 
      Directors 
    Ram David Wertheim 
  Hugh John Boyle 
  William Charles Fallon 
  Philip Charles Sullivan 
  Kenneth Geoffrey Cox 
  David John Hindley 
      Secretaries 
    Karen Lynch 
  Ram David Wertheim 
      Stated capital 
     69,000,000 
      Issued shares 
    69,000,000 ordinary shares of  1 each 
      Registered shareholder (percentage of total number of issued shares held)    
    MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited (100%) 

29 

SCHEDULE 2        COMPLETION        PART A  SELLER S OBLIGATIONS AT COMPLETION 
           1. 
    At Completion, the Seller shall pay the Seller Cash Payment to the Purchaser by way of telegraphic transfer in immediately available funds to the Designated Bank Account and deliver (or procure to be delivered) to the Purchaser: 
              (a) 
    a duly executed instrument of transfer in respect of the Shares, in the agreed form, in favour of the Purchaser, together with the relevant original share certificate(s) and any power of attorney or other authority under which those transfers have  been executed; 
              (b) 
    a copy of the original share certificate(s) of the Seller relating to the Shares, duly cancelled; 
              (c) 
    an irrevocable power of attorney (in the agreed form) executed by the Seller in favour of the Purchaser, or its nominees, enabling the Purchaser, or its nominees, pending registration of the transfers of the Shares, to exercise all voting and other rights attaching to the Shares and to appoint proxies for that purpose; 
              (d) 
    a certificate of the Seller duly executed by an authorised officer of the Seller, dated as of the Completion Date, certifying as to the Seller s compliance with the Condition in Clause 5.3(a); 
              (e) 
    a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Seller (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
              (f) 
    a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor (certified by a duly appointed officer as true, accurate and complete) authorising the execution of and the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee; 
              (g) 
    letters of resignation, in the agreed form, from each of the directors, the SIMRs and secretaries of the Company, effective upon Completion  ; 
              (h) 
    all the statutory books and records of the Company and its certificate of incorporation and common seals; 
              (i) 
    a duly executed copy of the Transitional Services Agreement;  
              (j) 
    a duly executed copy of the Guarantee; and 
              (k) 
    a duly executed deed of termination, in the agreed form, of each of the agreements set out in Schedule 6. 
              2. 
    At Completion, the Seller shall cause the directors of the Company to hold a meeting of the board at which the directors shall pass resolutions to and shall deliver to the Purchaser duly executed board minutes, in the agreed form, in which the directors of the Company: 
              (a) 
    approve the registration of the Purchaser as holder of the Shares in the Company s Share Register and the issuance of the share certificate to be issued to the  
     
   30 

Purchaser, subject to the production of duly stamped and completed instruments of transfer in respect of the Shares; 
           (b) 
    appoint such persons as the Purchaser may have nominated as SIMRs, directors and secretary of the Company and accept the resignation of the existing SIMRs, directors and secretary of the Company; 
              (c) 
    approve the revocation of the existing bank mandates and the issue of new mandates in relation to the Company to such bank or banks and in such form as the Purchaser may direct; and 
              (d) 
    approve to change the registered office of the Company as directed by the Purchaser. 

31 

SCHEDULE 2        PART B        PURCHASER S OBLIGATIONS AT COMPLETION 
           1. 
    At Completion, the Purchaser shall transfer the Transferred Zohar Notes to the Seller by way of book-entry transfer to the Designated DTC Account, pay the Purchaser Cash Payment to the Seller if any and transfer all other property referred to in Clause 3.2 (and provide the Seller with such evidence of transfer as it shall reasonably request). 
              2. 
    At Completion, the Purchaser shall a deliver (or procure to be delivered) to the Seller:  
              (a) 
    a certificate of the Purchaser duly executed by an authorised officer of the Purchaser, dated as of the Completion Date, certifying as to the Purchaser s compliance with the Condition in Clause 5.4(a); and  
              (b) 
    a duly executed copy of the Transitional Services Agreement. 

32 

SCHEDULE 3        WARRANTIES 
           1. 
    The Seller and the Shares 
              1.1 
    The Seller has requisite power, authority and capacity to enter into and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
              1.2 
    The Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party constitute or will, when executed, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Seller enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to any principles of equity or insolvency law. 
              1.3 
    The Seller has all requisite corporate powers and authority to own its assets and to conduct its business as conducted at the date of this Agreement. 
              1.4 
    The Seller has obtained all corporate authorisations required to empower it to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (other than to the extent relevant to the Purchaser Conditions) all other governmental, statutory, regulatory or other consents, licences or authorisations required to empower it to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
              1.5 
    Entry into and performance by the Seller of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will not (i) breach any provision of the Seller s memorandum and articles of association, by-laws or equivalent constitutional documents, (ii) give rise to a default under any contract or other instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which it or its properties are bound,  or (iii) (subject to fulfilment of the Conditions) result in a breach of any Applicable Law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or of any order, decree or judgment of any applicable court or any Governmental Authority, where in, in the case of (ii) and (iii), the default or breach would materially and adversely affect Seller s ability to enter into or perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
              1.6 
    Other than to the extent relevant to the Joint Conditions, no consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to any Seller Party in connection with the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party by such Seller Party, or the consummation by such Seller Party of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
              1.7 
    The Shares are fully paid or properly credited as fully paid and free from any Encumbrance and the Seller is: (i) the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Shares free from all Encumbrances and (ii) entitled to transfer or procure the transfer of the Shares on the terms of this Agreement. 
              1.8 
    The transactions contemplated by this Agreement is an arm s length transaction and the product of a sale process run by the Seller with the advice and guidance of investment banking professionals retained by the Seller and the Consideration for the Shares represents the Fair Market Value of the Shares. 
              2. 
    The Company  
              2.1 
    The Company is validly incorporated, in existence and duly registered under the laws of England and Wales  .    The Company has all requisite corporate powers and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as conducted at the date of this Agreement. The Seller has included in the Data Room true, accurate and complete copies of its memorandum and articles of association (collectively, the    Organisational Documents   ). 
     
   33 

2.2 
    The Shares constitute the entire issued share capital of the Company and were duly authorised and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and are not subject to any pre-emptive rights.  None of the Shares is subject to pre-emptive rights.  None of the Shares was issued in violation of any pre-emptive rights or any Applicable Law.  
              2.3 
    There are in existence no rights or options (exercisable now or in the future and whether contingent or not) to call for the issue, allotment or transfer of any share or loan capital in the Company.  There are no restrictions upon the voting or transfer of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company pursuant to the Organisational Documents of the Company or any agreement to which any member of the Seller s Group or the Company is a party. 
              2.4 
    The information on the Company set out in Schedule 1 is true, complete, accurate and not misleading. 
              2.5 
    The register of members and all other statutory books of the Company are in its possession, have been properly kept and contain a true, accurate and complete record of all matters that they should address.  All returns, resolutions and other documents necessary to be filed with the Registrar of Companies have been duly filed, and were correct in all material respects when filed. 
              3. 
    Accounts and Management Accounts 
              3.1 
    The Seller has included in the Data Room copies of the Accounts, and in each case such accounts have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with UK GAAP and Applicable Law and give a true and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs at their respective dates and of its profit for the year then ended. 
              3.2 
    The Seller has included in the Data Room a copy of the Management Accounts, which have been prepared on a basis materially consistent with the 2015 Accounts.  The Management Accounts have been accurately extracted from the Company s accounting ledgers and accurately reflect all assets and liabilities of the Company as of 30 June 2016 and the items of revenue and expense for the six months ended 30 June 2016 that are required to be reflected under UK GAAP in the financial statements of the Company.  
              3.3 
    The Seller has included as document 7.3.30 in the Data Room trial balances as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2016 entitled UK GAAP, US GAAP and US STAT respectively.  The information in such trial balances (i) has been accurately extracted from the Company s accounting ledgers and (ii) the trial balance entitled UK GAAP has been prepared on a basis materially consistent with the accounting policies and the application thereof used in preparing the 2015 Accounts. 
              3.4 
    No material deficiencies have been asserted in writing by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Accounts, which have not been cured, waived or otherwise resolved to the material satisfaction of such Governmental Authority. 
              3.5 
    The Seller has included at document 13.3.1.4 in the Data Room an audited reconciliation of the Seller s net equity and net income as of and for the year ended 31 December 2015, and an auditor s report with respect thereto presented on a UK GAAP basis to a US GAAP basis, and such reconciliation properly reconciles in all material respects the Seller s net equity and net income prepared on a UK GAAP basis to the equivalent amounts measured by reference to US GAAP. 
              3.6 
    The technical provisions established or reflected in the Accounts and the Management Accounts were determined in all material respects in accordance with UK GAAP.  Under UK GAAP or Applicable Law, no technical provisions for claims outstanding or unexpired risks were required to be established or reflected in the Accounts for the year ended 31  
     
   34 

December 2015 or the Management Accounts.  The technical provisions for claims outstanding or unexpired risks in the Accounts and Management Accounts (i) were determined based on assumptions that were reasonable in relation to the relevant policy and contract provisions; (ii) reflect each policy, contract, claim and risk in the books and records of the Company that should, in accordance with UK GAAP, have a technical provision or other liability reflected in such Accounts or Management Accounts, as the case may be; and (iii) are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of Applicable Law. 
           3.7 
    The Seller has included at document 7.6.1 in the Data Room a reconciliation of the Seller s net equity as of 31 December 2015 prepared on a UK GAAP basis to SAP, and such reconciliation properly reconciles in all material respects the Seller s net equity prepared on a UK GAAP basis to the equivalent amounts measured by reference to SAP. 
              3.8 
    The Company maintains internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (as construed in accordance with the US Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended): 
              (a) 
    transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorization;  
              (b) 
    transactions are recorded as necessary (i) to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, and (ii) to maintain accountability for its assets; 
              (c) 
    access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization; and 
              (d) 
    the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 
              4. 
    No Undisclosed Liabilities 
     The Company does not have any indebtedness, liabilities, obligations or commitments, whether or not accrued, known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, and whether or not required to be recorded or reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with UK GAAP except for such indebtedness, liabilities, obligations and  commitments (a) provided for, reflected, reserved against or disclosed (in each case  either specifically or generally) in the Accounts or the Management Account, or, in each case, in the notes thereto; or (b) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since 31 December 2015. 
           5. 
    Events since the Locked Box Date 
              5.1 
    Since the Locked Box Date, the Company has conducted its business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and there has been no event or change which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
              5.2 
    Since the Locked Box Date, the Company has not: 
              (a) 
    resolved to change its name or to alter its memorandum or articles of association; 
              (b) 
    allotted or issued or agreed to allot or issue any shares or any securities or granted or agreed to grant any right which confers on the holder any right to acquire any shares or other securities; 
              (c) 
    factored, sold (or agreed to factor or sell) any debts or other receivables; 
     
   35 

(d) 
    declared, paid to its shareholders or made (or agreed to declare, pay or make) any dividend or other distribution; 
              (e) 
    repaid, redeemed or purchased (or agreed to repay, redeem or purchase) any of its share capital or loan capital or agreed to do so; 
              (f) 
    reduced (or agreed to reduce) its share capital; 
              (g) 
    passed any resolution from any of its members; 
              (h) 
    made, or agreed to make, any change (including any change by the incorporation, acquisition or disposal of a subsidiary or a business or material assets in any case for a consideration not representing open market value) in the nature or extent of its business; 
              (i) 
    created, or agreed to create, any encumbrance, charge or lien over its business, undertaking or over any of its material assets; 
              (j) 
    appointed new auditors;  
              (k) 
    made any change in its accounting policies or the interpretation thereof or reference period; or 
              (l) 
    taken any action specified in Schedule 5 which action, if occurring during the period from the date hereof to the Completion Date, would require the prior consent of the Purchaser. 
              6. 
    Bank Accounts and Borrowings 
              6.1 
    Details of all bank accounts maintained by the Company are set out in the Data Room. These details include (in each case) the name and address of the bank with whom the account is kept, and the number and nature of the account. 
              6.2 
    Details of all overdraft, loan and other financial facilities available to the Company, if any, are set out in the Disclosure Letter or in the Data Room and, so far as the Seller is aware, the Company has not done anything whereby the continuance of any of those facilities will be affected or prejudiced.  Details of all debentures, charges, guarantees and, indemnities given to secure those facilities and other security arrangements given by the Company (if any) are set out in the Disclosure Letter or in the Data Room.  
              7. 
    Regulatory Matters 
              7.1 
    The Company has obtained all licences, permits, consents and other permissions and approvals required by that company to carry on its business in the places where and in the manner in which its business is carried on as of the date of this Agreement (the    Permissions   ). 
              7.2 
    The Permissions are in full force and effect, unconditional (other than the general duty to comply with applicable rules and regulatory restrictions placed on such Permissions, set out on the FCA register) or subject only to a condition which has been satisfied. 
              7.3 
    The Company has conducted its business and corporate affairs in all material respects in accordance with its memorandum and articles of association, by-laws, or other equivalent constitutional documents, policies and procedures manual and in accordance with all Applicable Laws, regulations and rules. 
     
   36 

7.4 
    The Company has not committed any material breach of any Regulatory Requirement and (i) there are no investigations, disciplinary proceedings, complaints or disputes outstanding against the Company or, any of its directors, officers or employees or the Employees, nor (ii) has any written notice or other communication (official or otherwise) been received by the Company from any Governmental Authority with respect to an alleged, actual or potential violation and/or failure to comply with any such Regulatory Requirement or requiring the Company to take or omit any action. 
              7.5 
    The Seller has included in the Data Room true, accurate and complete (a) copies of all material reports and registrations (including registrations as a member of an insurance holding company system) and any supplements or amendments thereto filed by the Company with any Governmental Authority; and (b) copies of all financial examination and market conduct examination reports (or the most recent drafts thereof) of any Governmental Authority with respect to the Company since the Relevant Date. 
              7.6 
    All Insurance Contracts currently issued by the Company, to the extent required under Applicable Law, are on forms approved by the applicable Governmental Authority or have been filed and not objected to (or such objection has been withdrawn or resolved) by such Governmental Authority within the period provided for objection, except to the extent as would not reasonably be expected to result in a material violation of Applicable Law. 
              7.7 
    The Company has filed all material reports, statements, documents, registrations, filings and submissions required to be filed with any Governmental Authority, and all such reports, statements, documents, registrations, filings and submissions complied in all material respects with Applicable Law in effect when filed, and no material deficiencies have been asserted by, nor any material penalties imposed by, any such Governmental Authority with respect to such reports, statements, documents, registrations, filings or submissions. 
              7.8 
    The Company has not underwritten any new Insurance Contract since 1 January 2013. The Company has not underwritten any insurance other than financial guaranty insurance of the type described in Section 6901(a)(1)(A) of the New York Insurance Law. 
              8. 
    Contractual Matters 
              8.1 
    The Data Room includes true, accurate and complete copies of each Material Contract to which the Company is a party as at the date of this Agreement in folders 3, 4, 6.3, 7.4, 9, 19, 21 and 23, and a list of all Material Contracts to which any member of the Seller s Group (other than the Company) is a party and by which the Company is bound or under which the Company obtains goods or services in documents 6.3.2.5 and 6.3.2.49.  The term    Material Contract    means any of the following types of contracts to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound as at the date of this Agreement: 
              (a) 
    any contract which contains any provision or covenant limiting in a material respect the ability of the Company to engage in any line of business, to compete with any person or to do business in any geographic area, in each case except for contracts and agreements that limit the ability of the Company to solicit the employment of or hire individuals employed by other persons; 
              (b) 
    mortgages, indentures, loan or credit agreements, security agreements and other agreements and instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit to the Company or the direct or indirect guarantee by the Company of any obligation for borrowed money of any person or any other liability of the Company in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of any person, other than Insurance Contracts; 
     
   37 

(c) 
    any contract between the Company, on the one hand, and any director or officer of the Company (or any Affiliate of any such director or officer (other than the Company)), on the other hand; 
              (d) 
    any joint venture or partnership contract; 
              (e) 
    any contract under which the Company may become obligated to pay any brokerage or finder fee; 
              (f) 
    any collective bargaining agreement; 
              (g) 
    any Insurance Contract and any reinsurance or coinsurance treaties or agreements, including retrocessional agreements, to which the Company is a party; 
              (h) 
    any license agreement pursuant to which the Company (A) has acquired the right to use any material Intellectual Property, other than software and other Intellectual Property that is generally commercially available and was licensed by the Company; or (B) has granted to any third party any material license to  use any material Intellectual Property; 
              (i) 
    any contract pursuant to which the Company is entitled to indemnification or reimbursement for losses arising out of or related to any Action, whether or not the Company or any Affiliate is a party to such Action, other than Insurance Contracts; 
              (j) 
    any other contract of the Company (other than Insurance Contracts) providing for the provision of goods or services involving consideration in excess of  100,000 annually or ( 1,000,000) in the aggregate over the term of the contract and that is not terminable on notice of 90 or fewer calendar days without penalty or premium; and 
              (k) 
    any contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any business (whether by merger, consolidation or sale of stock or assets or otherwise) or any material amount of assets (other than investment assets), in each case having a value in excess of  1,000,000 which contract contemplates material future payments or has continuing material indemnification obligations relating to representations and warranties after the date hereof (other than indemnification obligations under any such contract that survive indefinitely or until the expiration of, or a certain time period following the expiration of, any applicable statute of limitations). 
              8.2 
    Each of the Material Contracts constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company and, so far as the Seller is aware, each other party thereto, enforceable against the Company and, so far as the Seller is aware, each other party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to creditors rights generally, and is in full force and effect. 
              8.3 
    Since the Relevant Date, no counterparty to a Material Contract has given notice of its intention to terminate or, so far as the Seller is aware, has threatened in writing to terminate, or has sought to repudiate or disclaim, such Material Contract. 
              8.4 
    So far as the Seller is aware, no counterparty to a Material Contract is in material breach or has triggered an event of default of such Material Contract.  
              8.5 
    No consent is required from any person under any Material Contract in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no Material Contract contains any provision that would allow the other party or parties to terminate such Material Contract as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
     
   38 

8.6 
    The Company is not in material breach or has triggered an event of default of any Material Contract and, so far as the Seller is aware, no matter or cause exists which would reasonably be expected to give rise to such breach. 
              8.7 
    The Data Room contains true, accurate and complete copies of all material legal transaction documentation, underwriting memos, current surveillance models and other current material technical insurance adviser, financial and performance reports related to the Insurance Contacts.  No waiver or amendment exists that is not included in the Data Room that could be reasonably viewed as (i) increasing the risk of loss on any Insurance Contract or (ii) adversely affecting the Company s rights in relation to any Insurance Contract. 
              8.8 
    The Company is not a party to any material agreement with any member of the Retained Seller s Group which is not a Material Contract or entered into on an arm s length basis. 
              8.9 
    There are no outstanding agreements or arrangements under which the Company is under an obligation to acquire or dispose of all or a material part of its assets or business. 
              8.10 
    Each of the items of information contained in the Excel Spreadsheet headed  Portfolio Attributes  (contained in the Data Room at document number 1.30) is true and  accurate and, insofar as the Excel Spreadsheet purports to disclose information, complete and there are no Insurance Contracts to which the Company has any exposure or potential liability other than the Insurance Contracts listed on such spreadsheet.  Such Excel Spreadsheet does not contain any inaccuracy or omission that, if corrected or disclosed, would show an increase in the Company's insured exposure or a decrease in the amount of annual premium rate due with respect to any Insurance Contract. 
              8.11 
    There are no Material Contracts or Insurance Contracts containing any cross-defaults, cross-accelerations or other similar provisions that would have the effect of accelerating or increasing the Company s obligations thereunder, require the Company to post collateral or otherwise secure its performance thereunder, or lose rights to exercise control or other remedies, upon any change, development, occurrence, event or effect with respect to the Retained Seller s Group. 
              8.12 
    There are no Insurance Contracts in respect of which the Company may be required to make payments (other than credit protection payments) or post collateral as a result of either (A) a requirement that the Company post collateral pursuant to a credit support annex, other credit support document or similar arrangement; or (B) a  mark-to-market termination payment that is payable by the Company upon the  termination of a swap transaction for a reason other than the failure by the Company to pay pursuant to an Insurance Contract; a disclaimer, repudiation, challenge or similar action by the Company of the validity of its obligations under an Insurance Contract; or an insolvency or similar event relating to the Company. 
              9. 
    Compliance with Applicable Law 
              9.1 
    Since the Relevant Date, the Company has complied in all material respects with Applicable Law. Since the Relevant Date, the Company has not received any written notice or other written communication from any Governmental Authority regarding any actual or alleged violation of, or failure on the part of the Company to comply with, any Applicable Laws. 
               10.1 
    The Company is not involved in any Action and, so far as the Seller is aware, no such Action has been threatened by or against the Company since the Relevant Date. 
              10.2 
    There is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against or affecting the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller that (a) seeks to restrain or enjoin the consummation  
     
   39 

of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (b) would reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Seller to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
           10.3 
    No member of the Seller s Group is the subject of any governmental, regulatory or official investigation or enquiry which is in progress threatened or pending, which has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Seller s ability to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
              11. 
    Intellectual Property 
              11.1 
    The Company does not own any Intellectual Property. 
              11.2 
    Except as would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, the operation of the business of the Company does not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party. The Company has not received any written notice that it has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual property rights owned by third parties. 
               12.1 
    The Company is not unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123(1) of the Insolvency Act 1986 or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due. 
              12.2 
    No petition has been issued or order made for the winding-up of the Company, and no meeting has been convened for the purpose of considering a resolution for the winding up of the Company nor has any such resolution been passed. 
              12.3 
    No application has been made to the court or order made for the administration of the Company and no notice has been given of any intention to appoint an administrator of the Company.  No provisional liquidator, liquidator, administrative receiver or other receiver, administrator, trustee or other similar officer has taken possession of or been appointed over, and no Encumbrancer has taken possession of, the whole or any part of the property of the Company and no circumstances exist which would justify or entitle the appointment of any of the same. 
              12.4 
    No distress, execution, sequestration or other process has been levied or enforced on or against the whole or any part of the property of the Company and, so far as the Seller is aware, none are threatened or proposed. 
              12.5 
    No proposals have been made for and the Company has not entered into any company voluntary arrangement (within the meaning of Part I of the Insolvency Act 1986), and no proposals have otherwise been made for and the Company has not entered into any compromise with any of their respective creditors. 
              12.6 
    The Company has not been struck off the register and no application has been made to strike the Company off the register pursuant to section 652A of the Companies Act 1985 or section 1003 of the Companies Act 2006 and, so far as the Seller is aware, the registrar of companies has not taken any steps in contemplation of striking the Company off the register. 
              12.7 
    The Company has not breached and/or failed to pay and/or failed to comply (as appropriate) with any judgment, award, court order or fine or other penalty made or imposed against the Company and there is no unsatisfied or unpaid (as appropriate) judgment, award, court order or fine or other penalty outstanding against the Company. Further, no continuing or future obligation, restriction or prohibition has been imposed on or against the Company by a court or other competent authority, and the Company is not subject to any continuing or future obligation, transaction or prohibition imposed by a court or other competent authority. There are no judgments, awards, court orders or fines or other penalties previously imposed  
     
   40 

on or made against the Company which may impact upon or affect the Company, its business or its assets.  
           12.8 
    The Company has not been subject to any event which, under the Applicable Law of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in paragraphs 13.1 to 13.8.  
               13.1 
    The Disclosure Letter lists all freehold and leasehold properties used or occupied by the Company as at the date of this Agreement (the      Property     ). 
              13.2 
    The Property comprises all the real properties used or occupied by the Company for the purpose of the Business. 
              13.3 
    So far as the Seller is aware, no written notice of any material dispute or compulsory purchase notice order has been received by the Company in relation to the Property. 
      The Company does not employ any employees, contractors or consultants.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Employees are employed by Trifinium Services Limited or MBIA Services Corporation. 
            15.1 
    The Company has no liability or contingent liability with respect to: (i) any retirement benefit, life assurance, death benefit, sickness or accident benefit scheme or arrangement, deferred compensation plan, incentive compensation plan, stock plan, retention plan or agreement, unemployment compensation plan, vacation pay, severance pay, bonus or benefit arrangement, insurance or hospitalization program, flexible benefit plan, dependent care plan or any fringe benefit arrangements for any current or former employee, or director, consultant or agent, whether pursuant to contract, arrangement, custom or informal understanding; (ii) any employment agreement or consulting agreement; (iii) any multi-employer plan (as defined in section 3(37) of ERISA); or (iv) any plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, and no proposal has been announced to enter into or establish any scheme, plan or arrangement of these kinds. 
              15.2 
    Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates contributes to, has contributed to, or has any liability or contingent liability with respect to a (i) multi-employer plan (as defined in section 3(37) of ERISA), or (ii) any plan subject to Title IV of ERISA.  
               16.1 
    The Data Room contains a list of each insurance policy in respect of, or relating to, directors and officers liability, fiduciary liability, employment practices liability, errors and omissions liability or workers  compensation liability maintained by the Company or with respect to which the Company is a named insured or otherwise beneficiary of coverage that was in effect as of September 14, 2016.  Policies that are substantially similar in coverage to such policies became effective on September 15, 2016 and such insurance policies are in full force and effect and the Company is not in material default with respect to their payment obligations under such policies. Consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not adversely affect the Company s ability to make a claim under any such policies after Completion relating to occurrences prior to Completion. 
     
   41 

Administration and compliance 
           17.1 
    Since the Relevant Tax Date, the Company has made all Tax returns required to be made, and supplied all information required to be supplied, to any Tax Authority on a timely basis, and all such tax returns and information are true, accurate and complete in all respects and are not the subject of any dispute with a Tax Authority. 
              17.2 
    The Company has not requested from any Tax Authority any extensions of time for the filing of any currently outstanding tax returns or other documents relating to Tax not being an extension available to companies or taxpayers generally. 
              17.3 
    The Company  has prepared, kept and preserved sufficient records as required by law and to enable it to deliver correct and complete returns. Such records are accurate and up-to-date. 
              17.4 
    All material Tax which the Company has been liable to pay or account for since the Relevant Tax Date has been duly paid by the due dates.  
              17.5 
    The Company has not within the last six years paid or become liable to pay any material penalty, fine, surcharge or interest in connection with Taxation. The  Company is not subject to any suspended penalties. 
              17.6 
    The amount of Tax chargeable on the Company since the Relevant Tax Date has not to any material extent, depended on any concession, agreement or other arrangement with any Tax Authority. Details of all concessions, agreements and arrangements entered into have been Disclosed. 
              17.7 
    Since the Relevant Tax Date, all consents or clearances obtained in respect of any transaction to which the Company has been a party have been so obtained on the basis of full and accurate disclosure to the relevant Tax Authority and have been Disclosed. 
              17.8 
    The Company has, since the Relevant Tax Date, deducted or withheld amounts in respect of Tax where legally required to do so and have accounted to the relevant Tax Authority for the Tax so deducted or withheld. 
              17.9 
    The Company is not, so far as the Seller is aware, likely to become liable to make to any person (including any Tax Authority) any payment in respect of any liability to Tax which is primarily or directly chargeable against, or attributable to any person other than the Company. 
              17.10 
    The Company is not currently, nor has it been in the period since the Relevant Tax Date, subject to any investigation, enquiry, discovery or audit by any Tax Authority and no such investigations, enquiries, discoveries or audits are anticipated. 
     Stamp taxes 
           17.11 
    Since the Relevant Tax Date, all documents on which stamp duty or any other transfer, registration or documentary Tax or duty is chargeable, and which are in the possession of the Company, have been duly stamped (or, as the case may be, such transfer, registration or documentary Tax has been duly paid). 
              17.12 
    Neither entering into this Agreement nor Completion will result in the withdrawal of any stamp duty or transfer or registration tax relief granted on or before Completion which will affect the Company. 
     
   42 

Tax provision in the 2015 Accounts and the Management Accounts 
           17.13 
    The 2015 Accounts and the Management Accounts for the period ended 30 June 2016 include provision or reserve (including proper provision for deferred Tax) in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice for Tax liable to be assessed on the Company or for which the Company is liable in respect of profits earned, accrued or received on or before the Accounts Date or 30 June 2016 respectively and in respect of any event occurring or deemed to have occurred on or before the Accounts Date or 30 June 2016 respectively. 
              17.14 
    The execution or completion of this Agreement or the occurrence of any other event since the Locked Box Date will not result in any profit or gain being deemed to accrue to the Company for Tax purposes. 
     VAT 
           17.15 
    The Company (i) is, where it ought to have been so registered, a duly registered taxable person for the purposes of VAT (or other equivalent sales or similar Tax), (ii) does not own any asset which is a capital item subject to the capital goods scheme under Part XV of the VAT Regulations 1995, (iii) is not, and has not applied for treatment as, a member of a VAT group which includes any other company and (iv) has not (where available under relevant legislation) at any time exercised any option to tax any land. 
              17.16 
    Since the Relevant Tax Date, the Company has complied with its legal obligations relating to value added tax, including maintaining and retaining complete, accurate and up to date records, invoices and other documents in such form and for such periods as required by law. 
     Distributions 
           17.17 
    No distribution or deemed distribution has been made (or will be deemed to have been made) by the Company between the Locked Box Date and Completion which gives or may give rise to a liability for Tax on the Company, nor is the Company bound or liable to make any such distribution. 
     Loans and derivatives 
           17.18 
    All financing costs, including interest, discounts and premiums payable by the Company in respect of its loans and accounts payable or in respect of its derivatives contracts, are deductible by the Company in computing its profits, gains or losses for Tax purposes. 
     Transfer pricing 
           17.19 
    All transactions or arrangements made or entered into by the Company have been made on arm s length terms and the processes by which prices and terms have been arrived at have, in each case, been fully documented. No notice or enquiry has been received from, and no adjustment has been made by, any Tax Authority in connection with any such transactions or arrangements. 
     Employees and employment income 
           17.20 
    No part of the Consideration will be treated as income for any Tax purpose, whether as income of any Seller or any other person. 
              17.21 
    No person has acquired a right to acquire shares or securities, or has acquired any shares or securities, which in either case may give rise to a liability in respect of income tax or national insurance contributions (or similar or equivalent Taxes in other jurisdictions, if  
     
   43 

applicable) on the Company upon the exercise of that right or upon  the acquisition or disposal of those shares or securities. 
  Anti-avoidance 
           17.22 
    The Company has not been involved in or a party to any scheme, arrangement, transaction or series of transactions either (i) the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of which was or might be held to have been the avoidance, deferral or reduction of Tax on the part of the Company, (ii) that produced a loss for Tax purposes with no corresponding commercial loss, or (iii) containing one or more steps which have no commercial purpose other than avoiding, deferring or saving Tax or obtaining a Tax advantage on the part of the Company. 
              17.23 
    The Disclosure Letter contains full particulars of all arrangements and agreements relating to group relief (or any equivalent or similar legislation in any other applicable jurisdiction) to which the Company has been a party since the Relevant Tax Date. 
     International 
           17.24 
    The Company has always been resident in its jurisdiction of incorporation for Tax purposes and is not and has never been resident or treated as resident in any other jurisdiction for any Tax purpose or for the purposes of any double taxation agreement. 
              17.25 
    The Company has not, or has since the Relevant Tax Date had, a permanent establishment in any jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
              17.26 
    The Company and the Seller s Group co-operated with Deloitte on the U.S. Study,  to the knowledge of the Seller all information that the Company and the Seller s Group provided to Deloitte for the purposes of the U.S. Study was accurate and complete in all material respects and no information was omitted that would have been material to the results of the U.S. study, and to the knowledge of the Seller, the results of the U.S. Study as of the Locked Box Date are accurate and correct in all material respects. 
     Tax Attributes 
    The Company has complied in all material respects with all requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. 
            19.1 
    In this paragraph,    Competition Law    means the relevant legislation for all purposes for which registration and/or notification is required, anti-competitive agreements or practices (including, but not limited to, monopolies, cartels, pricing, resale pricing, market sharing, bid rigging, terms of trading, purchase or supply and joint ventures), dominant or monopoly market positions (whether held individually or collectively) and the control of acquisitions or mergers. 
              19.2 
    The Company is not engaged in any agreement, arrangement, practice or conduct which amounts to an infringement of the Competition Law of any jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business and no director of the  Company is engaged in any activity which would be an offence or infringement under any such Competition Law. 
              19.3 
    The Company is not subject to any existing or pending decisions, judgments, orders or rulings of any relevant government body, agency or authority responsible for enforcing the  
     
   44 

Competition Law of any jurisdiction and the Company has not given any undertakings or commitments to such bodies which affect the conduct of the business. 
           20. 
    Anti-Bribery, Corruption and Financial Crime 
              20.1 
    Neither the Company nor any person (including any employee, officer or subsidiary) who performs or has since 1 July 2011 performed services for it or on its behalf has, directly or indirectly done or failed to do any act or thing the doing or omission of which does or could contravene, contravention of the Bribery Act 2010, or the anti-bribery and corruption laws of any jurisdiction to which the Company is subject and in each case any related rules, regulations and guidance (collectively, the    Anti-Bribery and  Corruption Laws   ). 
              20.2 
    Neither the Company nor any person (including any employee. officer or subsidiary) who performs or has since 1 July 2011 performed services for it or on its behalf is the subject of any actual, pending or threatened complaint, action, investigation, enforcement proceedings or prosecution under Anti Bribery and Corruption Laws and there are no circumstances which may lead to such a complaint, action, investigation, enforcement proceedings or prosecution. 
              20.3 
    The Company  has instituted, maintained and monitored adequate, policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance by the Company and any person (including any employee, officer or subsidiary) who performs or has at any time since 1 July 2011 performed services for it or on its behalf, with the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws, the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the Terrorism Act 2000, Sanctions Laws and any applicable anti-money  laundering legislation, rules or guidance to which the Group is subject. 
               21.1 
    The Company is not a party to any reinsurance agreement, save as with the Purchaser (or a member of the Purchaser s Group) as counterparty. 
               22.1 
    Other than Barclays Capital Inc., the fees of which are payable by the MBIA Services Corporation, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage fees, commissions, finders  fees or financial advisor fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by reason of any action taken by the Company or any of its Authorised Representatives. 
     
   45 

SCHEDULE 4        LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY 
           1. 
    Notification of Warranty Claims 
              1.1 
    The Seller shall not be liable for: 
              (a) 
    a Warranty Claim (other than in respect of Fundamental Warranties and the Tax Warranties) unless the Seller has received from the Purchaser written notice of such Warranty Claim by no later than 18 (eighteen) months after the Completion Date;  
              (b) 
    a Warranty Claim in relation to the Tax Warranties or a claim under the Tax Covenant (other than a claim under paragraphs 11 or 12 of the Tax Covenant or in the case of fraud or other deliberate misconduct by the Company before Completion or by the Seller) unless the Seller has received from the Purchaser written notice of such claim by no later than the 7   th    (seventh) anniversary of the Completion Date; and 
              (c) 
    a Warranty Claim in relation to a Fundamental Warranty unless the Seller has received from the Purchaser written notice of such claim by no later than the applicable statute of limitation. 
              1.2 
    Any notice provided pursuant to paragraph 1.1 shall, in each case, contain reasonable details of the subject matter of the Warranty Claim or Tax Covenant Claim (as applicable) as is available to the Purchaser at the time the notice is sent. 
              1.3 
    Any Warranty Claim properly made in respect of a breach of any warranty asserted within the period specified in paragraph 1.1 will be timely made for purposes hereof, in which case the survival period with respect to the applicable warranty shall be extended until such claim is finally and fully resolved. 
              2. 
    Limitations on Quantum 
              2.1 
    The liability of the Seller hereunder in respect of Warranty Claims (other than Warranty Claims in respect of Fundamental Claims or Tax Warranties and Tax Covenant Claims) shall be limited as follows: 
              (a) 
    the Seller shall not be liable in respect of any individual Warranty Claim (or a series of such Claims arising from substantially similar or related facts or circumstances) that does not exceed $200,000; 
              (b) 
    the Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Warranty Claim unless the aggregate amount of all such Claims for which the Seller would otherwise be liable by virtue of paragraph 2.1(a) exceeds $4,000,000; and 
              (c) 
    where the amount agreed or determined in respect of all Warranty Claims referred to in paragraph 2.1(b) exceeds $4,000,000, the liability of the Seller shall be for the whole amount of such Warranty Claim and not just for the excess. 
              2.2 
    The aggregate liability of the Seller in respect of all Warranty Claims (other than Warranty Claims in respect of Fundamental Claims or Tax Warranties and Tax Claims) shall not exceed $63,500,000. 
     
   46 

3. 
    Third Party Claims 
              3.1 
    If any Party (the    Notified Party   ) receives notice of assertion or commencement of a Third Party Claim against any such Party in respect of which the other Party (the    Compensating Party   ) may be obligated to provide compensation under this Agreement (other than in respect of a Tax Covenant Claim or Warranty Claim in respect of the Tax Warranties), the Notified Party shall give the Compensating Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof (but in no event later than 30 (thirty) calendar days after becoming aware thereof) and such notice shall include a reasonable description of the claim based on the facts known at the time and any documents relating to the claim and an estimate of the Loss and shall reference the specific sections of this Agreement that form the basis of such claim; provided, that no delay on the part of the Notified Party in notifying any Compensating Party shall relieve the Compensating Party from any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the Compensating Party is  actually prejudiced by such delay (except that the Compensating Party shall not be liable  for any expenses incurred during the period in which the Notified Party failed to give such notice).  Thereafter, the Notified Party shall deliver to the Compensating Party, within 5 (five) Business Days after the Notified Party s receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court papers) received by the Notified Party relating to the Third Party Claim. 
              3.2 
    The Compensating Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Third Party Claim (other than in respect of a Tax Covenant Claim or Warranty Claim in respect of the Tax Warranties) and, if it so chooses, to assume the defence thereof with a counsel of its choice.  Should the Compensating Party so elect to assume the defence of a Third Party Claim, it shall not, as long as it conducts such defence, be liable to the Notified Party for legal expenses incurred by the Notified Party in connection with the defence thereof.  If the Compensating Party assumes such defence, the Notified Party shall have the right to participate in the defence thereof and to employ counsel, at its own expense, separate from the counsel employed by the Compensating Party, it being understood that the Compensating Party shall control such defence.  The Compensating Party shall be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel employed by the Notified Party for any period during which the Compensating Party has not assumed the defence thereof (other than during any period in which the Notified Party shall have not yet given notice of the Third Party Claim as provided above).  If the Compensating Party chooses to defend any Third Party Claim, the Parties shall (and shall cause their respective Affiliates to) cooperate in the defence thereof.  Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the Compensating Party s request) the provision to the Compensating Party of records and information that are relevant to such Third Party Claim, and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.  Whether or not the Compensating Party shall have assumed the defence of a Third Party Claim, the Notified Party shall not admit any liability with respect to, or pay, settle, compromise or discharge, such Third Party Claim without the Compensating Party s prior written consent.  If the Compensating Party has assumed the defence of a Third Party Claim, the Compensating Party may only pay, settle, compromise or discharge a Third Party Claim with the Notified Party s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) provided, that the Compensating Party may pay, settle, compromise or discharge such a Third Party Claim without the written consent of the Notified Party if such settlement (i) includes a release of the Notified Party from all liability in respect of such Third Party Claim, (ii) does not subject the Notified Party to any injunctive relief or other equitable remedy and (iii) does not include a statement or admission of fault culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of the Notified Party.  If the Compensating Party submits to the  Notified Party a bona fide settlement offer that satisfies the requirements set forth in the  proviso of the immediately preceding sentence and the Notified Party refuses to consent to such settlement, then thereafter the Compensating Party s liability to the Notified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim shall not exceed the Compensating Party s portion of the settlement amount included in such settlement offer, and the Notified Party shall either assume the defence of such Third Party Claim or pay the Compensating Party s attorney s  
     
   47 

fees and other out-of-pocket costs incurred thereafter in continuing the defence of such Third Party Claim. 
           4. 
    Specific Limitations 
              4.1 
    The Seller shall have no liability in respect of a Warranty Claim to the extent that the matter or circumstance giving rise to that Warranty Claim: 
              (a) 
    has a specific allowance, provision (other than a provision for deferred tax) or reserve in the Accounts; or 
              (b) 
    is, or arises from any matter or circumstance, fairly disclosed in the Disclosure Letter or the Data Room. 
              4.2 
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or provided for under Applicable Law, the Seller shall not be liable to any other person, either in contract or in tort, for any amounts constituting punitive damages or consequential damages unless probable and reasonably foreseeable (in either case except to the extent incurred by a third party and actually paid to such third party in connection with a Third Party Claim). 
              5. 
    Recovery of Losses 
              5.1 
    If, before or after any amount is paid in discharge of all or part of any Warranty Claim (other than in respect of a Tax Warranty) and an amount is recovered and actually received by the Purchaser or a member of the Purchaser s Group from a third party (including any Tax Authority or insurer) in respect of the  matter in relation to which the Warranty Claim was made, the Purchaser shall, or shall procure that the relevant member of the Purchaser s Group shall, forthwith promptly repay to the Seller a sum corresponding to the amount recovered from the third party net of reasonable out of pocket expenses of the Purchaser or relevant member of the Purchaser s Group (as the case may be) and net of any Tax suffered thereon relating to such recovery and subject to the maximum repayment being equal to the amount paid by the Seller in discharge of all or part of such Warranty Claim.  The Purchaser shall (and shall procure that each member of the Purchaser s Group shall) exercise commercially reasonable endeavours to recover any such loss or amount from any relevant third party. 
              5.2 
    If the event giving rise to a Warranty Claim (other than in respect of a Tax Warranty) produces a saving or benefit for the Purchaser and/or a member of the Purchaser s Group (including in relation to Tax), the Purchaser shall procure that the saving or benefit and the amount of it will either be taken into account in reducing the amount of the Warranty Claim or, if the Seller has paid an amount in discharge of that Warranty Claim without such saving or benefit being taken into account, then the amount by which such saving or benefit would have reduced the liability so discharged shall be repaid promptly to the Seller less the Purchaser s reasonable out of pocket expenses (if any) incurred in obtaining the saving or benefit. 
              6. 
    Adjustment of Consideration 
     Any payment made under this Agreement pursuant to a Warranty Claim or the Tax Covenant shall be regarded as an adjustment to the Consideration to the extent permissible by Applicable Law. 
           7. 
    Mitigation 
     The Purchaser agrees to take commercially reasonable steps to mitigate its Losses upon and after becoming aware of any event which would reasonably be expected to give rise to any Warranty Claim. 
  
   48 

8. 
    No Liability for Contingent or Non-quantifiable Claims 
     If any Warranty Claim arises by reason of some liability of the Purchaser or the Company which, at the time such breach or claim is notified to the Seller, is contingent only or otherwise not capable of being quantified, then the Seller shall not be under any obligation to make any payment in respect of such Warranty Claim unless and until such liability ceases to be contingent or becomes capable of being quantified, provided that nothing in this paragraph 8 shall prevent the Purchaser from notifying the Seller of any Warranty Claim or commencing legal proceedings in respect thereof as required under paragraph 1. 
           9. 
    Future Legislation and Agreed Matters 
     No liability shall arise under any Transaction Document in respect of any matter, act, omission or circumstance (or any combination thereof), including the aggravation of a matter or circumstance and any Losses arising therefrom, to the extent that the same would not have occurred but for: 
           (a) 
    the passing of, or any change in, any law, rule, regulation or administrative practice of any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement; or 
              (b) 
    any change in accounting policy, bases or practice of the Purchaser or the Company introduced or having effect after Completion other than a change required to comply with Applicable Law as at, or prior to, Completion or with UK GAAP provided that, at the Seller s request and cost, the Purchaser has a written opinion from counsel or an accountancy firm confirming that such change was necessary to so comply. 
              10. 
    Acts of the Purchaser 
     The Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Warranty Claim (other than a Tax Warranty) to the extent that such Warranty Claim would not have arisen but for any act, omission, transaction or arrangement carried out at, and in accordance with, the written request of the Purchaser before Completion. 
   The Purchaser shall not be entitled to recover more than once for the same matter, event or Loss. 
   Other than any cause of action arising out of actual fraud, the Purchaser s exclusive remedy for any breach of a Seller s Warranty under this Agreement shall be a claim for monetary damages, and no other remedy (including rescission or specific performance) shall be available to the Purchaser. 
   The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Seller makes no express or implied warranty hereby or otherwise under this Agreement as to the reserves held by or on behalf of the Company, or that such reserves or assets supporting such reserves have been or will be adequate or sufficient for the purposes for which they were established, that the reinsurance receivables taken into account in determining the amount of such reserves will be collectible or, except as set forth in paragraph 3.4 of Schedule 3 of this Agreement,  whether such reserves were calculated, established or determined in accordance with any actuarial, statutory or other standard or concerning any financial statement  line item  or asset, liability or equity amount which would be affected by any of the foregoing. 
  
   49 

SCHEDULE 5        PRE-COMPLETION ACTIONS 
    
           1. 
    Access to Information  
     From the date of this Agreement up to and including the Completion Date, the Seller shall, and shall procure that the Company, the Employees and the officers, directors, auditors and agents of the Company shall, subject to Applicable Law: 
           (a) 
    afford the officers, employees and other Authorised Representatives of the Purchaser reasonable access during normal business hours to the Employees, officers, directors, auditors, contract counterparties, agents, properties, offices, plants and other facilities, books and records of the Company, and shall furnish the Purchaser with such financial, operating, tax and other data and information as the Purchaser, through their officers, employees or agents, may reasonably request; provided, that the Seller may withhold until Completion, and may cause the Company to withhold until Completion, (a) any document or information that is subject to the terms of a confidentiality agreement with a third party, (b) any audit document or information, in the event the Purchaser does not provide customary indemnity or hold-harmless undertakings to the relevant auditor if required, or (c) any documents (or portions thereof) or information, as reasonably determined by the Seller, that might reasonably result in the Seller or the Company s loss of its right to assert all privileges, including the attorney-client privilege in such documents or information. If any material is withheld by the Seller pursuant to this paragraph 1(a), to the extent possible, the Seller shall inform the Purchaser as to the general nature of what is being withheld, including to the extent practicable by providing written summary or redacted versions of such information.  In any event, under circumstances in which attorney-client or confidentiality restrictions limit access, the Parties shall use their respective reasonable endeavours to make appropriate arrangements in order to be able to provide access to the Purchaser of such material.  In connection with the access contemplated by this paragraph 1(a), the Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Authorised Representatives to, act in a manner so as not to interfere with the operations of the Company.  All information obtained by the Purchaser pursuant to this paragraph 1(a) shall be kept confidential in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement; and 
              (b) 
    provide a copy of all models and calculations (in Excel, C++ code or other medium used by the Company), as well as inputs to such models and calculations, that were used to prepare the Company s submission to the PRA as at 30 June 2016 for the calculation of the Company s Solvency II capital, and assist the Purchaser with becoming familiar with the internal Model;  
              (c) 
    provide a reasonable level of co operation, knowledge transfer, assistance and other related support as reasonably requested by the Purchaser in the preparation of an agreed pre Completion plan for the migration, effective as of the Completion Date, of all relevant Company electronic and physical books and records within its possession and reasonably available (whether located in the Company s offices or in the offices or on the computer systems of the Seller or other members of the Seller s Group or any third-party service provider to the Seller or another member of the Seller s Group) to the Purchaser, and information to monitor the performance of the Insurance Contracts, in each case as further set out in Schedule 10; and 
              (d) 
    for Policies with models due for review October 1, 2016 or after, during the month in which approval of the model is due or the prior month: (i) provide a copy of the model to Purchaser, and (ii) cause its relevant surveillance professionals to explain  
     
   50 

the model to Purchaser s surveillance professionals, including discussing with such surveillance professionals the assumptions and any background material relevant to such model approval. 
           2. 
    Conduct of the Business 
     Subject to any requirement of a Governmental Authority, Applicable Law or UK GAAP, and unless otherwise expressly required or permitted by the terms of any Transaction Document, from the date of this Agreement up to and including the Completion Date the Seller shall procure that the Company does not, except with the Purchaser's consent: 
           (a) 
    discontinue or cease to operate its business or a material part thereof; 
              (b) 
    commence, pay, settle or compromise any Action in excess of a net figure of  100,000, except for claims under policies and certificates of insurance (including Insurance Contracts) within applicable policy limits and any settlement or compromise that involves solely monetary damages; 
              (c) 
    amend in any material respect or, other than pursuant to its current terms, extend or terminate any Material Contract that is not an Insurance Contract (A) with a member of the Seller s Group that will bind the Company after Completion, or (B) outside the ordinary course of business; 
              (d) 
    knowingly take any action which would be reasonably likely to invalidate, terminate or cause a material breach or an event of default under any Material Contract; 
              (e) 
    enter or agree to enter into any Material Contract; 
              (f) 
    enter or agree to enter into a contract with a member of the Retained Seller s Group; 
              (g) 
    (A) split, combine or reclassify the Company s share capital or authorise the issue of any share or debt capital; or (B) whether directly or indirectly, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares or other interests representing outstanding share capital or equity securities of the Company or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or interests; or (C) amend the organisational documents of the Company, or adopt or enter into a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalisation or other reorganisation, of the Company; 
              (h) 
    issue, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise Encumber any shares or other interests representing the share capital of or equity interests in the Company, any other voting securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or interests, or issue, sell, grant or enter into any subscription, warrant, option, conversion or other right. agreement, commitment, arrangement or understanding of any kind, contingent or otherwise, to purchase or otherwise acquire, any such shares or interests, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or interests; 
              (i) 
    Encumber any of its assets; 
              (j) 
    acquire, dispose of or transfer any asset of the Company with a value in excess of  100,000 per such asset or  1,000,000 in aggregate, unless (A) in the ordinary course of business or (B) related to the MBIA UK Investment Portfolio; 
              (k) 
    acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise) any other person or substantially all the assets of any other person; 
     
   51 

(l) 
    hire any new officer except to replace an officer whose employment has been  terminated; 
              (m) 
    employ any individual or enter into any employment or severance agreement; 
              (n) 
    make any material change in the accounting, investment, reserving, underwriting or claims administration policies or practices of the Company; 
              (o) 
    make or authorise any capital expenditures that are, in aggregate, in excess of  100,000 other than maintenance, repair and upkeep in the ordinary course of business; 
              (p) 
    incur, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee the obligations of another person; 
              (q) 
    make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in any other person (save in relation to the MBIA UK Investment Portfolio); 
              (r) 
    make, change or revoke any Tax return or material election related to Taxes, settle or compromise any material Tax liability, enter into any Completion agreement related to Tax, agree to any adjustment of a material Tax attribute, surrender or file any claim for refund of Taxes, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment, or change any taxable period or any Tax accounting method; 
              (s) 
    declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its shareholder whether or not upon or in respect of any shares of its capital stock; 
              (t) 
    commute or terminate any Insurance Contract in whole to the extent that any such action will require the Company to make any payment or lose any insurance premium or would result in the Company losing any control rights or remedies on related Insurance Contracts that remain outstanding; commute or terminate any Insurance Contract in part to the extent that any such action will require the Company to make any payment or to lose any insurance premium or would result in the Company losing any control rights or remedies; amend, waive or provide a consent with respect to any provision of any Insurance Contract or related transaction document to the extent that any such action will require the Company to make any payment, increase the likelihood of the Company making any payment or cause the Company to lose any insurance premium; or extend, waive, amend or provide a consent with respect to any provision of any Insurance Contract or related transaction document; provided that with respect to extensions, amendments, waivers or consents with respect to Insurance Contracts or related transaction document, the Purchaser s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; it being agreed that: (i) Purchaser s consent shall not be deemed withheld unreasonably to the extent an extension, amendment, waiver or consent is reasonably expected to have an adverse effect on the Company or the credit profile of the underlying transaction, and (ii) Purchaser s consent shall not be deemed delayed unreasonably if Purchaser provides its consent within five Business Days of receipt of the relevant notice from the Company; provided further that at all time the Purchaser s consent shall not be required for extensions, amendments, waivers or consents that have been specifically noted in Appendix 3 to the Disclosure Letter or, after the date of this Agreement, are approved by the Purchaser in writing, or are immaterial consents for administrative actions granted in the ordinary course of business (including those delegated to the relevant project technical adviser) that do not affect the Company s rights or remedies pursuant to the relevant Insurance Contract or under any related transaction document or any premium due under any Insurance Contract, require the Company to make any payment or increase the  
     
   52 

likelihood of the Company making any payment and would not be reasonably expected to have an adverse credit impact on the Company or underlying transaction; 
           (u) 
    make any investments other than in accordance with the investment policies of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, or make any material amendment to such investment policies;  
              (v) 
    realise gains or losses on investment securities other than in the ordinary course of business; 
              (w) 
    do anything to compromise its Regulatory Requirements; or 
              (x) 
    enter into a binding agreement to take any of the foregoing actions. 
              3. 
    Permitted actions 
     Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Schedule 5, the Seller and the Company shall be permitted to take such actions (or omissions) which are, (and to the extent that they are): 
           (a) 
    approved in advance and in writing by the Purchaser;  
              (b) 
    necessary in order to comply with any Applicable Law, Regulatory Requirement, regulation or written request of a Governmental Authority; or 
              (c) 
    necessary to enable the termination of the agreements set out in Schedule 6. 

53 

SCHEDULE 6        TERMINATING AGREEMENTS 
                 Description 
    Data Room Reference 
      An advances agreement entered into by the Company with its affiliates (among others, National Public Finance Guarantee Corporation, MBIA Inc. and the Seller), dated 22 January 2016 
    6.3.1.1 
      Intra-Group Services Agreement: second amended and restated agreement dated 21 January 2016, relating to the provision of intra-group services and entered into between the Company, Trifinium Services Limited and MBIA Services Corporation 
    6.3.1.2 
      Intercompany loan agreement between the Company and Group entities listed therein (among others, MBIA Inc., the Seller and the Company, dated 26 November 2008) 
    6.3.1.5 
      Seller Intra-Company Agreement on Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data, Consistent with the EU Commission Decision on Model Contractual Clauses for Data Controllers 
  The Company, together with other affiliates is a  data exporter  under a model contract dated 18 July 2011 
    6.1.1.10 
      Under lease agreement between BOP (99 Bishopsgate) S.A.R.L (as landlord), MBIA Services Corporation UK Branch (as tenant), the Company (as guarantor) and 99 Bishopsgate Management Limited (as management company) dated November 24, 2014, only to the extent of the participation of the Company as a guarantor 
    6.3.2.7 

54 

SCHEDULE 7        INTRA-GROUP PAYMENTS 
  Payments to Trifinium Services of  281,000 (excluding any associated VAT) per calendar month, and payments to MBIA Services Corporation of $590,000 (excluding any associated VAT) per calendar month. 

55 

SCHEDULE 8        TAX COVENANT 
  1.  Definitions 
  1.1        In this Schedule, in addition to any definitions used in the Agreement, the following shall apply: 
                    Absence    
    includes absence, failure to obtain, non-existence,  non- availability, reduction, modification, loss, counteraction, nullification, utilisation, disallowance or clawback for whatever reason; 
       Accounts Relief  
    means:  
  (a)   any Relief which was taken into account in computing and so reducing or eliminating any provision for Tax  (excluding deferred tax) which appears in the 2015 Accounts (or which, but for such Relief, would have appeared in the 2015 Accounts); and 
  (b)   any Relief which is included as an asset or negative liability (excluding deferred tax) in the 2015 Accounts; 
       Claim for Tax  
    means any assessment, notice, demand, letter or other document issued or action taken by or on behalf of any Tax Authority or the preparation or submission of any notice, return or assessment or any other circumstances indicating that the Company is or may be placed or is sought to be placed under a Liability for Tax; 
      "  Corporation Tax  " 
    means UK corporation tax; 
         Event    
    includes any transaction, act, event, or omission (including the execution of this Agreement and the transactions made pursuant to this Agreement) and any occurrence, circumstance, change of  circumstance, expiry of a period  of time, dealing, arrangement or default; 
         Group Payment Arrangement    
    means the Group Payment Arrangement with HMRC dated 19 February 2008, and which includes MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited, MBIA UK Insurance Limited, Trifinium Services Limited, MBIA Services Corporation UK Branch and any other participating company; 
         Group Relief    
    means the surrender of losses or other amounts eligible for group relief in accordance with Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 or any corresponding relief outside the United Kingdom; 
      "  HMRC  " 
    means Her Majesty's Revenue   Customs; 
      "  Income, Profits or Gains  " 
    means income, profits, gains or any other standard or measure for the purposes of any Tax and references to Income, Profits or Gains being earned, accrued or received include income, profits or gains treated as earned, accrued or received for Tax purposes and references to Income, Profits or Gains earned, accrued or received on, before or after a particular date (including, without limitation, Completion) shall include Income, Profits or Gains deemed or treated for Tax purposes as earned, accrued or received on, before or after that date; 

56 

Liability for Tax    
    means: 
  (a)   any liability to make an actual payment or increased payment of Tax;  
  (b)   the Absence of any Accounts Relief; or  
  (c)   any liability to make an actual payment or increased payment of Tax which would have arisen but for being satisfied, avoided or reduced by the use or setting-off of any Purchaser s Relief; 
         Post Locked Box Date Relief    
    means  any  Relief  which  arises  to the Company in respect of, or by reference to, any Event occurring or any Income, Profits or Gains earned, accrued or received, in each case in the ordinary course of business after the Locked Box Date; 
         Purchaser s Relief    
    means: 
  (a)   any Accounts Relief; 
  (b)   any Post Locked Box Date Relief; and  
  (c)   any Relief arising at any time (whether before or after Completion) to any member of the Purchaser s Group (other than the Company) at any time; 
      "  Relief  " 
    any loss, relief, allowance, set off, deduction,  or credit relating to Tax or relating to the computation of income, profits or gains for the purpose of any Tax and any right to a repayment of Tax; 
         Seller Group participating companies    
    means Trifinium Services Limited, MBIA Services Corporation UK Branch and any other company, other than the Company, participating in the Group Payment Arrangement; 
      "  Surrender  " 
    means: 
  (a)        the surrender of losses or other amounts eligible for group relief in accordance with Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010; and/or 
  (b)        the surrender of the benefit of any advance corporation tax capable pursuant to regulation 15 of the Corporation Tax (Treatment of Unrelieved Surplus Advance Corporation Tax) Regulations 1999 (SI 1999/358); and/or 
  (c)        the notional transfer of any asset or reallocation of a gain or loss in accordance with section 171A or section 179A of the Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992 ("TCGA"); and/or 
  (d)        the surrender of eligible unrelieved foreign tax in accordance with The Double Taxation Relief (Surrender of Relievable Tax Within a Group) Regulations 2001 (S.I. 2001 No. 1163); and/or 
  (e)        any reallocation of a chargeable realisation gain in accordance with section 792 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
         UK VAT Group    
    means the UK VAT Group with reference number 863 9533 87, which includes MBIA UK (Holdings) Limited, MBIA UK Insurance Limited, Trifinium Services Limited, MBIA Services Corporation UK Branch and any other participating company; 

57 

2.        Covenant 
  2.1        Covenant to Pay 
  The Seller hereby covenants with the Purchaser to pay to the Purchaser in aggregate an amount equal to: 
           (a) 
    any Liability for Tax of the Company arising in respect of or in consequence of: 
              (i) 
    any Event which occurred on or before Completion; or 
              (ii) 
    any Income Profit or Gains earned, accrued or received on or before Completion; 
              (b) 
    any Liability for Tax of the Company, arising in respect of or in consequence of an Event occurring or any Income, Profits or Gains earned, accrued or received at any time, and for which the Company is liable as a result of having been, for any Tax purposes at any time before Completion: 
              (i) 
    a member of a group; or 
              (ii) 
    under the control of any person; 
              (c) 
    any liability of the Company arising from an obligation to repay the whole or any part of any payment received for Group Relief (other than from another Group Company) pursuant to an arrangement entered into by the Company on or before Completion; 
              (d) 
    any liability of the Company to make a payment for any Group Relief, in circumstances where, but for such Group Relief, the Purchaser would have been able to make a claim against the Seller under this Tax Covenant (and any such amount shall be treated as a Liability for Tax for the purposes of paragraph 2.1(f) onwards); 
              (e) 
    if Tax Warranty 17.27 is incorrect, 19% multiplied by the difference between  53,299,692 and the actual amount of the Tax Attributes as at the Locked Box Date (and any such amount shall be treated as a Liability for Tax for the purpose of paragraph 2.1(f) onwards). 
              (f) 
    any reasonable costs and expenses properly incurred by the Purchaser and/or the Company in connection with any Liability for Tax or other liability in respect of which the Seller is liable under this Schedule, any Claim for Tax or taking or defending any action under this Schedule. 
     2.2        The amount of any liability pursuant to the covenants in paragraph 2.1 shall be as follows: 
           (a) 
    to the extent that the liability involves a liability of the Company to make an actual payment or an increased payment of or in respect of Tax, or a payment in respect of Group Relief, the amount of such payment or increased payment; 
              (b) 
    to the extent that the liability involves the Absence of any Accounts Relief (other than a right to a repayment of Tax), the pro-rata proportion of the value placed on the Accounts Relief in the 2015 Accounts; 
     
   58 

(c) 
    to the extent that the liability involves a liability of the Company to make a payment or increased payment of Tax which would not have arisen but for being satisfied, avoided or reduced by any Purchaser s Relief, the amount of such payment or increased payment of Tax which would otherwise have arisen;  
              (d) 
    to the extent that the liability involves the Absence of a right to a repayment of Tax, the value placed on the repayment in the 2015 Accounts; and 
              (e) 
    to the extent that the liability involves a Liability for Tax within paragraph 2.1(e), 19% multiplied by the difference between  53,299,692 and the actual amount of the Tax Attributes as at the Locked Box Date. 
     3.        Limitations and Exclusions 
  3.1        The covenants contained in paragraph 2.1 shall not apply and the Purchaser shall not be entitled to bring a claim under them or in respect to any claim under the Tax Warranties (treating the circumstances giving rise to such claim as if, for the purposes of this paragraph 3.1, they gave rise to a Liability for Tax) to the extent that: 
           (a) 
    the Liability for Tax in question arises in respect of any Event occurring, or any actual (and not deemed) Income, Profits or Gains earned, accrued or received, in each case, in the ordinary course of business of the Company after the Locked Box Date and on a basis consistent with the provision for, or payment of, Tax reflected in the 2015 Accounts in respect of similar Events which occurred, or similar Income, Profits or Gains which were earned, accrued or received, in each case before the Locked Box Date; 
              (b) 
    any Relief other than a Purchaser s Relief is available, or would be so available but for any action taken by the Purchaser or the Company after Completion, (at no cost to the Company or the Purchaser) and is utilised to reduce, set off or eliminate the Liability for Tax; 
              (c) 
    either: 
              (i) 
    provision or reserve was made in the 2015 Accounts in respect of the Liability for Tax; or 
              (ii) 
    the Liability for Tax was paid or discharged on or before the relevant Accounts Date and such payment or discharge was reflected in the 2015 Accounts; 
              (d) 
    to the extent that the Liability for Tax arises or is increased by: 
              (i) 
    any change in legislation (including regulations); 
              (ii) 
    the publication of any practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (iii) 
    any change in published practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (iv) 
    a change in the judicial interpretation of the law; or 
              (v) 
    any change in the rates of Tax, 
     in each case coming into force after the date hereof; 
  
   59 

(e) 
    it would not have arisen but for a voluntary act or omission of the Purchaser or the Company or any other member of the Purchaser's Group after Completion unless such act was carried out: 
              (i) 
    pursuant to a legally binding obligation of the Company incurred prior to the Completion Date; 
              (ii) 
    in order to comply with any law or regulation having effect at Completion, provided that, at the Seller s request and cost, the Purchaser has a written opinion from counsel that such act or omission was necessary to so comply;  
              (iii) 
    with the written agreement or at the written request of the Seller; or 
              (iv) 
    in accordance with paragraphs 4 or 6 of this Schedule; 
              (f) 
    the Liability for Tax would not have arisen or would have been reduced or eliminated but for the Company s ceasing to carry on any trade or business after Completion or effecting a major change after Completion in the nature or conduct of any trade or business carried on by it or any increase in its capital after Completion; 
              (g) 
    to the extent that the Liability for Tax would not have arisen or would have been reduced or eliminated but for any change of the date to which the Company makes up its accounts or any change to any of its accounting or Tax policies, methods, bases or practices (including the treatment of timing differences and the basis on which the Company values its assets) in either case after Completion, save to the extent such change was made so as to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements and/or to conform with relevant generally applicable accounting practice that was in force prior to Completion, provided that, at the Seller s request and cost, the Purchaser has a written opinion from a professional adviser with appropriate expertise that such act or omission was necessary to so comply; 
              (h) 
    the Liability for Tax would not have arisen or would have been reduced or eliminated but for the failure or omission on the part of the Company, in breach of paragraph 6 of this Schedule, to make any valid claim, election, surrender or disclaimer, to give any valid notice or consent or to do any other thing under the provisions of any enactment or regulation relating to Tax after Completion the making, giving or doing of which was taken into account in the 2015 Accounts; 
              (i) 
    the Liability for Tax would not have arisen or would have been reduced or eliminated but for any claim, election, surrender or disclaimer made or notice or consent given after Completion, in each case, in breach of paragraph 6 of this Schedule, by the Purchaser, the Company or any other member of the Purchaser's Group under the provisions of any enactment or regulation relating to Tax, other than any claim, election, surrender, disclaimer, notice or consent assumed to have been made, given or done in the 2015 Accounts; 
              (j) 
    the amount of the Liability for Tax has been recovered from any person (excluding the Purchaser, the Company or any other member of the Purchaser's Group but including a Tax Authority) without cost to the Purchaser and which has not been taken into account in computing any liability of the Seller under the Tax Warranties or this Schedule;  
              (k) 
    the Liability for Tax would not have arisen but for the failure of the Purchaser to comply with its obligations contained in paragraphs 4 or 6;  
     
   60 

(l) 
    the Liability for Tax is a liability to Tax comprising interest, penalties, charges or costs in so far as attributable to the unreasonable delay or default of the Purchaser or the Company to pay Tax to a Tax Authority after the Seller has made a payment of an amount to the Purchaser pursuant to a claim under paragraph 2.1 or for breach of the Tax Warranties; or 
              (m) 
    the Liability for Tax comprises Leakage for which the Seller has indemnified under Clause 4. 
     3.2        The limitations and exclusions set out in Schedule 4 shall apply to the extent set out therein, to limit or exclude the liability of the Seller under the covenant contained in paragraph 2.1 or for a breach of the Tax Warranties.  
  3.3        The limitations set out in paragraphs 3.1 to 3.2 above shall not apply to claims under this Schedule or the Tax Warranties to the extent that they arise as the consequence of, or are delayed as a result of, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by the Seller. 
  4.        Conduct of Claim for Tax 
  4.1        If the Purchaser or the Company becomes aware of any Claim for Tax which could give rise to a liability for the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or for breach of any of the Tax Warranties, the Purchaser must give notice to the Seller of the Claim for Tax (including reasonably sufficient details of the Claim for Tax) as soon as possible (and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the Purchaser or the Company becomes aware of the Claim for Tax), provided always that the giving of such notice shall not be a condition precedent to the liability of the Seller under this Schedule or for breach of any of the Tax Warranties. 
  4.2        The Seller shall give instructions to the Purchaser in writing as to whether to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal, compromise or defend the Claim for Tax within 10 Business Days of receiving notice under paragraph 4.1.  
  4.3        If the Seller has given written instructions in accordance with paragraph 4.2, the Purchaser shall (or procure that the Company shall) (subject to the provisions of this paragraph 4) take such action as the Seller may reasonably request to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal, compromise or defend the Claim for Tax, provided that the Seller indemnifies the Purchaser, the Company and any other member of the Purchaser s Group against all costs reasonably and properly incurred. 
  4.4        The following provisions shall apply: 
           (a) 
    the Seller will have the right (upon notifying the Purchaser) to control any proceedings taken in connection with the action referred to in paragraph 4.3;  
              (b) 
    the Seller and the Purchaser, shall keep the other fully informed of any actual or proposed developments (including any meetings or calls) and provide each other with copies of all correspondence and documentation relating to the Claim for Tax or action, and any other information, assistance and access to records and personnel as the other may reasonably request; 
              (c) 
    the Seller and the Purchaser, will procure that no matter relating to the Claim for Tax is settled or otherwise compromised without the prior written consent of the other party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
     
   61 

(d) 
    the appointment of solicitors or other professional advisers shall be subject to the approval of the Purchaser (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
              (e) 
    all written communications pertaining to the Claim for Tax which are to be transmitted to any Tax Authority shall first be submitted to the Purchaser for approval and shall be finally transmitted only if such approval is given (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and 
              (f) 
    the Seller and the Purchaser, shall notify each other of any intended oral communication or meeting with the relevant Tax Authority in relation to a Claim for Tax at least three Business Days in advance of such communication or meeting, and allow the other party to participate therein. 
     4.5        The Purchaser shall be free to settle or otherwise compromise the Claim for Tax on such terms as it may in its absolute discretion think fit if: 
           (a) 
    the Seller does not give any instructions in relation to the Claim for Tax pursuant to paragraph 4.2 or does not respond within 20 Business Days of the Buyer seeking subsequent or additional instructions in writing from the Seller; 
              (b) 
    a Tax Authority alleges in writing fraudulent conduct or deliberate default of the Seller, the Company or any person acting on behalf of the Seller or the Company in relation to the matter giving rise to the Claim for Tax; or 
              (c) 
    the actions involve an appeal, unless the Seller has obtained the opinion of tax counsel of at least five years  standing that, on the balance of probabilities, the appeal will be won.  
     5.        Payment of claims 
  5.1        Any amount that the Seller is obliged to pay to the Purchaser under paragraph 2.1 shall be paid in cleared and immediately available funds on or before the following dates: 
           (a) 
    in the case of a Liability for Tax that involves a liability to make an actual payment or increased payment of Tax or amount in respect thereof, the fifth Business Day prior to the day that is the later of: 
              (i) 
    in the case of a Liability for Tax in respect of which there is no provision for payment by instalments, the latest date on which the Tax in question can be paid to a Tax Authority in order to avoid a liability to interest or penalties; 
              (ii) 
    in the case of a Liability for Tax in respect of which there is provision for payment by instalments, each date on which an instalment of such Tax becomes payable to a Tax Authority (and so that on each such date an appropriate proportion of the amount claimed shall be paid) such proportion to be notified by the Purchaser to the Seller at least ten Business Days prior to each such date;  
              (b) 
    in the case of a Liability for Tax which involves a liability of the Company to make a payment or increased payment of Tax which would have arisen but for being satisfied, avoided or reduced by the use of a Purchaser s Relief, the date or dates referred to in (i) or (ii) of paragraph 5.1(a) above that would have applied to the Tax satisfied, avoided or reduced by the Relief if that Tax had been payable; and 
     
   62 

(c) 
    in any other case, five Business Days after the date on which demand is made for payment by or on behalf of the Purchaser. 
     6.        Tax returns and computations 
  6.1        Subject to paragraph   4  , the Seller or their duly authorised agents will be responsible for, and have the conduct of preparing, submitting to and agreeing with the relevant Tax Authorities all Tax returns and computations, including claims, elections, surrenders, notices, consents, settlements or adjustments in respect of any Surrender ( Tax Documents ) of the Company, for all Tax accounting periods of the Company ending on or before the Locked Box Date ( pre-Locked Box Date Periods ) and all subsequent matters relating to any of the aforementioned. 
  6.2        The Seller shall deliver all Tax Documents to the Purchaser no later than 30 Business Days before the date on which such documents are required to be filed with the appropriate Tax Authority without incurring interest or penalties.  The Seller shall incorporate the Purchaser s reasonable comments into the Tax Documents and accept any reasonable suggestions as to alternative or additional Tax Documents. 
  6.3        The Sellers shall deliver all Tax Documents (with any amendments made pursuant to paragraph 6.2) to the Purchaser for authorisation, signing and submission to the relevant Tax Authority no later than 10 Business Days before expiry of the time limit for submission to the Tax Authority. 
  6.4        For the purposes of this paragraph: 
           (a) 
    the Purchaser and the Seller must as soon as practicable deliver to each other copies of all correspondence sent to or received from the Tax Authority; and 
              (b) 
    each party must afford (or procure the affordance) to the other party or their duly authorised agents, all information and assistance which is reasonably requested to prepare, submit and agree all matters arising under this paragraph. 
     6.5        The Purchaser or its duly authorised agents shall be responsible for, and have the conduct of preparing, submitting to and agreeing with the relevant Tax Authorities (to the extent not already done so at Completion) all Tax Documents in respect of the Company for all Tax accounting periods after the Locked Box Date Period ending with the Tax accounting period for the Company in which Completion falls (the    Straddle Period   ). 
  6.6        For the purposes of paragraph 6.5: 
           (a) 
    all returns, computations, documents and substantive correspondence shall be submitted in draft form by the Purchaser to the Seller or their duly authorised agents for comment no later than 30 Business Days before the date on which such documents are required to be filed with the appropriate Tax Authority without incurring interest or penalties; 
              (b) 
    the Seller or their duly authorised agent may comment within 20 Business Days of such submission but if the Purchaser has not received any comments within 20 Business Days, the Seller and their duly authorised agents shall be deemed to have approved such draft documents, provided that in respect of documents and substantive correspondence the relevant time shall be 10 Business Days; 
     
   63 

(c) 
    the Purchaser shall take into account and reflect all reasonable comments and suggestions made by the Seller or their duly authorised agents (but only in relation to any matter that could give rise to a claim under paragraph 2.1 in this Schedule); 
              (d) 
    the Seller and the Purchaser shall each respectively afford (or procure the affordance) to the other or their duly authorised agents all information and assistance which is reasonably requested to prepare, submit and agree all outstanding Tax returns and computations; and 
              (e) 
    the Purchaser and the Seller shall as soon as practicable deliver to each other copies of all correspondence sent to or received from any Tax Authority. 
     6.7        Tax Documents in respect of pre-Locked Box Date Periods or Straddle Periods must not include or be prepared on the basis of: 
           (a) 
    any claims, elections, surrenders, notices, consents, settlements or adjustments in respect of any Surrender, which would either result in the Absence, in whole or in part, of any Purchaser s Relief or cause any Liability for Tax to be incurred by the Company in respect of which the Purchaser would be able to make a claim against the Seller under this Tax Covenant (or would have been so able ignoring the provisions of paragraph 2 of Schedule 4);  
              (b) 
    any payments being made by the Company for Group Relief to any unless provision or reserve for that Group Relief payment or for the Tax that would be relieved by that Group Relief was made in the 2015 Accounts; or 
              (c) 
    any Surrenders within paragraphs (c) or (e) of the definition of  Surrender  or in the case of a Straddle Period only, any Surrenders within paragraphs (a), (b) or (d) of the definition of  Surrender . 
     6.8        Subject to paragraph 6.7, all Tax Documents submitted and all communications, negotiations and agreements with any Tax Authority in respect of any pre-Locked Box Date Periods and the Straddle Period, shall be prepared so far as legally possible on a basis that is consistent with the 2015 Accounts.  
  6.9        The Purchaser undertakes to procure that the Company shall sign and submit to the relevant Tax Authority any Tax Document prepared in accordance with this paragraph 6, provided that the Company shall be required to submit any Tax Document that contains a manifest error. 
  7.        Corresponding Savings and Overprovisions  
  7.1        To the extent that any deduction or withholding in respect of which an additional amount has been paid under clause 15 of the Agreement results in the payee obtaining a Relief, the payee must pay to the payer, within 10 Business Days of the use or set off of the Relief, an amount equal to the lesser of the Tax saved as a result of such use or set off and the additional sum paid under clause 15 of the Agreement provided that the payee will not be obliged to pay to the payer an amount in excess of the amount which will leave it (after that payment) in the same after Tax position as it would have been in had there been no payment under this Agreement in respect of which such deduction or withholding arose. 
  7.2        If, on or before the seventh anniversary of Completion, the auditors for the time being of the Company (at the request and expense of the Seller) have certified that:  
  
   64 

(a) 
    a Liability for Tax which has resulted in a payment by the Seller to the Purchaser under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or under the Tax Warranties and such liability gives rise to a corresponding saving of Tax (other than a corresponding saving which constitutes a Purchaser s Relief or which has been taken into account in computing any liability of the Seller under the Tax Warranties or this Schedule) (the  Saving ) for the Company; or  
              (b) 
    a Company has received or obtained a Relief (other than a Relief which is a repayment of Tax or a Purchaser s Relief) which has arisen: 
              (i) 
    as a consequence of or by reference to any Event that occurred on or before the Locked Box Date;  
              (ii) 
    in respect of any Income, Profits or Gains which were earned, accrued or received on or before the Locked Box Date or in respect of a period ending on or before the Locked Box Date; or 
              (iii) 
    as a result of any Liability for Tax which has resulted in a payment s having been made or becoming due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty, or 
              (c) 
    any provision for Tax in the 2015 Accounts (excluding any provision in respect of deferred Tax) shall be found to be an overprovision (the  Overprovision ) other than by reason of a Purchaser s Relief, and 
     the Saving, Relief, or Overprovision has arisen and (in the case of a Saving or Relief) has been utilised, then an amount equal to the amount by which the liability to Tax of the Company (other than a liability which would have given rise to a claim under this Tax Covenant) is reduced as a result of the utilisation of the Saving, Relief or the amount of the Overprovision shall be dealt with in accordance with paragraph 7.4. 
  7.3        Paragraph 7.2 shall not apply to the extent that the Saving, Relief or Overprovision has arisen or has increased as a result of: 
           (a) 
    any change in legislation (including regulations); 
              (b) 
    the publication of any practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (c) 
    any change in published practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (d) 
    a change in the judicial interpretation of the law; or 
              (e) 
    any change in the rates of Tax, 
     in each case coming into force after the date hereof; 
  7.4        Where pursuant to paragraph 7.2 any amount (the  Relevant Amount ) is to be dealt with in accordance with this paragraph 7.4: 
           (a) 
    the Relevant Amount shall first be set off against any payment then due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty; and 
              (b) 
    to the extent that there is an excess, a refund shall be made to the Seller of any previous payment or payments made by the Seller under paragraph 2 of this  
     
   65 

Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty and not previously refunded under this paragraph 7.2, up to the amount of such excess.  Such refund to be made within 10 Business Days of the certification of the existence and amount of such Relevant Amount; and 
           (c) 
    to the extent that there remains any excess, such excess shall be carried forward and set against future payments due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty. 
     7.5        If the auditors make an amendment to the earlier certificate and the amount of the Saving, Relief or Overprovision is revised, that revised amount shall be substituted for the previous amount and any adjusting payment required shall be made by or to the Seller (as the case may be) as soon as practicable to put the Seller in the same position it would have been in if the Relevant Amount had always been the revised amount and not the amount originally certified. 
  7.6        For the purposes of paragraph 7.2, no Saving or Relief shall be treated as having arisen until it has been realised by the Company either by way of a repayment of or by a reduction in Tax which would otherwise have become due and payable, taking into account any other available Relief. 
  8.        Repayments  
  8.1        If, on or before the seventh anniversary of Completion, the Company has received or obtained a repayment of Tax (other than a Purchaser s Relief) which has arisen: 
           (a) 
    as a consequence of or by reference to any Event which occurred wholly on or before the Locked Box Date;  
              (b) 
    in respect of any Income, Profits or Gains which were wholly earned, accrued or received on or before the Locked Box Date or wholly in respect of a period ending on or before the Locked Box Date; or 
              (c) 
    as a result of any Liability for Tax which has resulted in a payment having been made or becoming due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty (which has not been taken into account in computing any liability of the Seller under the Tax Warranties or this Schedule), 
     then an amount equal to that repayment (less any reasonable fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Purchaser or the Company in obtaining such repayment) shall be dealt with in accordance with paragraph 8.3. 
  8.2        Paragraph 8.1 shall not apply to the extent that the repayment has arisen or has increased as a result of: 
           (a) 
    any change in legislation (including regulations); 
              (b) 
    the publication of any practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (c) 
    any change in published practice or concession by a Tax Authority; 
              (d) 
    a change in the judicial interpretation of the law; or 
              (e) 
    any change in the rates of Tax, 
     
   66 

in each case coming into force after the date hereof; 
  8.3        Where pursuant to paragraph 8.1 any amount (the  Repayment Amount ) is to be dealt with in accordance with this paragraph 8.3: 
           (a) 
    the Repayment Amount shall first be set off against any payment then due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty;  
              (b) 
    to the extent that there is an excess, a refund shall be made to the Seller of any previous payment or payments made by the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty and not previously refunded under this paragraph 8.2, up to the amount of such excess.  Such refund to be made within ten Business Days of the certification of the existence and amount of such Repayment Amount; and 
              (c) 
    to the extent that there remains any excess, such excess shall be carried forward and set against future payments due from the Seller under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or in respect of any Tax Warranty. 
     9.        Third party recovery 
  9.1        If the Seller shall have paid an amount in respect of any Tax under paragraph 2.1 and, on or before the seventh anniversary of Completion, the Company or the Purchaser is entitled to recover from some other person (including a Tax Authority but excluding any member of the Purchaser s Group) any sum in respect of the Tax that has resulted in that payment by the Seller (and otherwise than by the utilisation of the whole or any part of any Purchaser s Relief), the Purchaser shall  (at the Seller s expense) take all reasonable steps requested in writing by the Seller to secure such recovery and shall keep the Seller informed of any progress. 
  9.2        Following any recovery under paragraph 2.1, the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller, within 10 Business Days of the recovery, whichever is the lesser of: 
           (a) 
    the amount so recovered by the Company or the Purchaser in respect of that Liability for Tax less any Tax chargeable on the amount of such recovery and less any third party costs and expenses reasonably and properly incurred and not previously recovered from the Seller under paragraph 9.2 and less the amount of such recovery which has been taken into account in computing any liability under the Tax Warranties or this Schedule; and 
              (b) 
    the amount paid by the Seller under paragraph 2.1 in respect of that Liability for Tax. 
     9.3        If the provisions of paragraph 8 (Corresponding Savings and Overprovisions) and this paragraph 9 (Third party recovery) would apply in respect of a Saving, Relief or Overprovision or the provisions of paragraph 8 (Repayments) and this paragraph 9 (Third party recovery) would apply in respect of a repayment of Tax, the provisions of paragraph 7 or paragraph 8 as appropriate, and not the provisions of this paragraph 9, shall apply in relation to it. 
  10.        Counter covenant  
  10.1        The Purchaser covenants with the Seller to pay to the Seller an amount equal to any of the following: 
  
   67 

(a) 
    any liability or increased liability to Tax of any member of the Seller's Group which arises solely as a result of or by reference to any reduction or disallowance of Group Relief (other than Group Relief which has been treated as an asset of a Group Company in preparing the 2015 Accounts or which is taken into account in computing a provision for deferred Tax in the 2015 Accounts) that would otherwise have been available to that member of the Seller's Group where and to the extent that such reduction or disallowance occurs as a result of or by reference to any total or partial: 
              (i) 
    voluntary withdrawal effected by the Company after Completion of any surrender of Group Relief in respect of any accounting period ended on or before Completion; or 
              (ii) 
    voluntary withdrawal or alteration of any claim or election relating to any Relief made by the Company after Completion in respect of any period ended on or before Completion, 
     save where any such withdrawal or alteration is made pursuant to the exercise by the Seller of its rights under this Schedule or otherwise with the express written consent of the Seller; or 
           (b) 
    any liability or increased liability to Tax of any member of the Seller's Group which arises as a consequence of or by reference to a failure by a Relevant Company to discharge a liability to Tax; 
     and, for the purposes of this paragraph (b), the term "  Relevant Company  " shall mean any company which is, or has at any time been,  treated for the purposes of any Tax as being a member of the same group of companies as the Purchaser or as being associated with the Purchaser; and 
           (c) 
    any reasonable out of pocket legal, accounting or other costs and expenses reasonably and properly incurred by any member of the Seller's Group in connection with any such liability or increased liability to Tax (or demand therefore) or in successfully taking or defending any action under this paragraph 10. 
     10.2        The covenants contained in paragraph 10.1 shall not apply: 
           (a) 
    (in the case of 10.1(b)) to the extent that the liability for the Tax arises in circumstances such that the Purchaser would have been entitled to make a claim against the Seller under paragraph 2.1 above in respect of that Tax had it been paid by the Relevant Company (and ignoring the provisions of paragraph 2 of Schedule 4), except to the extent that a payment has already been made pursuant to paragraph 2.1; or 
              (b) 
    to the extent that the Tax has been recovered under any relevant statutory provision (and the Seller shall procure that no such recovery is sought to the extent that payment is made hereunder). 
     10.3        Paragraph 4 (Conduct of Claim for Tax) and paragraph 5 (Payment of claims) shall apply to the covenants in paragraph 10.1 as if references to the Purchaser were replaced with references to the Seller (and vice versa) where appropriate and making any other necessary modifications. 
  
   68 

11.        Group Payment Arrangement 
  11.1        Without prejudice to the rights of the Purchaser to make a claim under this Schedule, the Seller shall pay to the Purchaser an amount equal to any payment of Corporation Tax which is required to be discharged by the Company on behalf of any Seller Group Participating Company.  Such payment (the    Payment   ) shall be made in cleared funds 2 (two) Business Days before the due date for payment to HMRC of the underlying corporation tax liability.  If the Seller fails to pay by such due date, it shall in addition pay interest on such contribution at the rate payable from time to time to HMRC on underpaid Corporation Tax during the period from such due date to the date on which the Payment is received by the Purchaser. 
  11.2        No payment shall be made under paragraph 11.1 to the extent that the Seller s Group has previously at any time, without cost to the Company, satisfied the obligations under the Group Payment Arrangement. 
  11.3        The Purchaser shall: 
           (a) 
    procure that there shall be promptly paid to HMRC an amount equal to any Payment following receipt of it, in the event that a Payment is made in respect of a liability to corporation tax which has not been discharged; 
              (b) 
    procure that there shall be promptly apportioned to the Seller Group Participating Companies an amount equal to each Payment, such apportionment to be made by reference to the payment of corporation tax in respect of which the Payment was paid and the Purchaser shall not, without the Seller s written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), reapportion any amount previously apportioned to the relevant Seller Group Participating Companies pursuant to the Group Payment Arrangement; 
              (c) 
    within 10 Business Days of receipt thereof from a Tax Authority, pay, or procure that there is paid, to the Seller an amount equal to any excess by which the amount or the aggregate amount of any Payments from a Seller Group Participating Company exceeds the amount of Tax finally apportioned to that Seller Group Participating Company in respect of which those Payments are made. 
     11.4        The Seller shall procure that the Seller Group Participating Companies are removed from the Group Payment Arrangement and any simplified arrangements for Group Relief under Corporation Tax (Simplified Arrangements for Group Relief) Regulations 1999, with effect on or before Completion.  
  12.        VAT Group Arrangements 
  12.1        Without prejudice to the rights of the Purchaser to make a claim under this Schedule, the Seller shall or shall procure that each member of the Seller s Group contributes to the Company as the representative member of the UK VAT Group, such proportion of any VAT for which the representative member of the UK VAT Group is accountable and which is properly attributable to supplies, acquisitions and importations (Supplies) made by the member of the Seller s Group (less any amount of deductible input tax that is attributable to such Supplies).  Such contribution shall be made in cleared funds 2 Business Days before the day on which the Company as the representative member is required to account for such VAT to HMRC.  If the Seller as a member of the Seller s Group fails to pay by such due date, it shall in addition pay interest on such contribution at the rate payable from time to time to HMRC on underpaid VAT during the period from such date on which the  
  
   69 

representative member is required to account to HMRC and the date on which the contribution is received by the Company. 
  12.2        The Purchaser shall pay (or shall procure that there is paid to the Seller) an amount equivalent to such proportion of any repayment of VAT received by the Company as the representative member from HMRC or of any credit obtained by reference to an excess of deductible input tax over output tax that is attributable to Supplies made or deemed to be made by a member of the Seller s Group while a member of the UK VAT Group within 10 Business Days of receipt by, or offset against a liability of the Company as the representative member. 
  12.3        The Seller will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Company, Trifinium Services Limited and MBIA Services Corporation UK Branch all remain members of the UK VAT Group until a date no earlier than Completion and will, on or before Completion, procure that notice is given to HMRC (and supply a copy of the notice to the Purchaser) that the Company will cease to be a member of the UK VAT Group with effect on the day of Completion.   
  12.4        The deeming provisions of section 43(1) of the VAT Act 1994 will be disregarded in determining for the purposes of paragraphs 12.1 and 12.2 what supplies have been made or are deemed to have been made by or to any person. 
  12.5        The Purchaser shall procure that an amount equal to any payment made or procured by the Seller under this paragraph shall be promptly and duly accounted for to HMRC. 
           12.6 
    All Tax Documents and all conduct of Tax matters that relate exclusively to the UK VAT Group for all VAT accounting periods ending on or before Completion and the VAT accounting period current at Completion shall be dealt with in accordance with paragraph 6 as if they were Tax Documents of the Company for a pre-Locked Box Date period. 

70 

SCHEDULE 9        TERM SHEET   TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
  Set forth below are the general business terms to be included in the TSA.  The TSA will also include customary provisions with respect to confidentiality, personal data, warranties, intellectual property, indemnities, liabilities, termination and other matters.  Nothing in this Term Sheet shall require the Seller s Group to provide Services that would require any entity within the Seller s Group to provide regulated services. 
  General Terms 
                 Term 
    Nine (9) Months 
      Service Compensation 
    The price for the Services will be Seller s allocated costs for performing the relevant Service, consistent with Seller s historical approach for calculating service fees, and all actual out-of pocket costs related to the Services (subject to negotiation with respect to third party consents).  Purchaser shall be invoiced for the Services on basis to be agreed.  All undisputed amounts will be paid by Purchaser to Seller within 15 days of its receipt of a complete invoice. 
      Service Termination Right 
    Purchaser may terminate one or more of the Services at any time upon thirty (30) business days  written notice, and may then discontinue paying any incremental costs of Seller for such terminated Service, but the Purchaser shall pay any fixed or sunk costs of Seller incurred specifically to provide such terminated Service for the remainder of the term. 
      Transition Staff 
    The Parties to agree what Transition staff will be required to provide the Services.  Staffing to be linked to actual agreed Services, but anticipated to require one full-time London Solvency II modelling person, two full-time London accounting persons and one full-time London legal person through May 31, 2017, plus two full-time London surveillance persons through May 31, 2017.  Transition staff will be available to work on other MBIA matters unrelated to the Services. 
      Service Standard 
    Service Provider(s) shall perform, or shall cause to be performed, the Services in a timely and reasonably diligent manner and in any event at substantially the same level as provided in the twelve (12) months prior to Completion, and in all instances in accordance with Applicable Law.  Service Provider(s) shall provide the Services with priority equal to that provided in the twelve (12) months prior to Completion with respect to its own businesses and the businesses of its Affiliates. Purchaser will be reasonably notified by Service Provider(s) prior to any planned interruption of the Services. 
      Required Consents 
    Service Provider(s) shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain, all required consents to provide the Services. 
      Services to MBIA 
    Certain limited services may be required by MBIA from the Company/Assured. 

71 

Migration Services   Books and Records 
                   Final transfer of Books and Records 
    Execute plan agreed pre-closing regarding transfer of electronic (including file shares) and hard copy books and records of the Company 
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Replace any redacted documents deposited in Intralinks with unredacted version 
      
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 

Migration Services - IT 
                   Queries 
    Provide continuing knowledge transfer regarding IT issues 
    Service Term 
      Special e-mail, web site or social media addresses and telephone fax numbers for claim payments 
    Implement plan developed pre-closing 
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Execute US GAAP and US STAT  ledger opening balance extraction at Completion. Execute UK GAAP ledger opening balance extraction as at 1/1/17.  
    
    Implement plan developed pre-closing 
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Execute final business applications information extraction and reconciliations. 
    Implement plan developed pre-closing 
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Support from IT function 
    Support the transition through provision of available Company information and systems as needed to Transition staff, including provision of support to data extract and reconciliations, business applications, ledger modules, file shares, e-mail archives, documents, etc. 
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 

Migration Services   Accounting 
                   Assisting with preparation of the requisite draft UK GAAP regulatory filings for 2016 year end (other than tax filings). 
      
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 

72 

Migration Services   Risk Management  
                   Final Contact List 
    Provide a final contact list for each Insured Contract, including relevant names, address, e-mails and telephone numbers for policy beneficiaries, trustees, project companies, TAs, sponsors, EIB and other monolines, as applicable and as available. 
    As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Transaction Documents 
      
    As agreed in pre-closing plan 
      Technical Support 
    Answer questions regarding location of information and provide knowledge transfer regarding transaction models 
    For Service Term 

Migration Services - Regulatory 
                   Solvency II Models 
    The parties to agree a solution for the transfer of the Solvency II models 
    Within Service Term 
      Run the Solvency II models for Q4 2016, provided Service Provider(s) have access to all requisite information. 
      
    Until the earlier of (a) the end of the Service Term, (b) full transfer of Model to Purchaser, and (c) discontinuation of IM approval. 

Migration Services - Finance 
                   Investment Holdings Report 
    In Excel format agreed with Purchaser and the Investment Manager 
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      Relevant Bank Statements and reconciliations 
      
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      Special investing programs (if any) 
    List and describe any special investing programs (e.g., loss mitigation); include any documentation 
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      Relevant par value reconciliations for investments 
      
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      List of any investments not covered by general investing manager or special investment program (if any) 
      
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 

73 

On-Going Services  
                   Web Site 
    Provide a notice on the public-facing part of the web site directing persons with questions about the sold business to Purchaser as Purchaser requests 
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      E-Mail Forwarding 
    Forward e-mail relevant to the Company s business to Purchaser 
    Timing: As agreed in pre closing plan 
      Mail forwarding 
      
    Service Term plus one year 
      Telephony Forwarding 
    Forward telephone calls and faxes, including any desktop faxes 
    Timing: As agreed in pre-closing plan 

Other Services/Refinement 
  Any other service that had been provided to the Company by Service Provider(s) or its Affiliates within the twelve (12) months prior to Completion and that is reasonably necessary to conduct the business of the Company as it was conducted during such period prior to Completion; provided Purchaser notifies the Service Provider(s) within sixty (60) days after Completion. 
  The TSA to include customary provisions dealing with refinement and amendment to Services.  

74 

SCHEDULE 10    PRE COMPLETION PLAN PRINCIPLES 
    
                 Software, Data Feeds and Data Extraction 
    Work with the Purchaser to formulate a format to facilitate the transfer as of Completion and reconciliation of all accounting, investment and portfolio related data (from inception to the extent practicable) in formats to be agreed upon.   Assist Purchaser in determining third party software and data feeds required to support the Business by identifying third party software and data feeds used by the Company to operate its business. 
  Assist the Purchaser to test data extraction, transfer and reporting mechanic using historical and sample data, prior to closing. 
      Transfer Book   Records 
    Work with the Purchaser to develop a plan to transfer all books and records of the Company where available (including at other offices of Seller and members of Seller s group).  Plan to include but not limited to: 
           Transaction documents 
           Transaction surveillance materials 
           Regulatory materials 
           Companies House materials 
           Board and Board Committee materials 
           Internal Committee materials 
           Internal compliance materials 
           Internal sector and country risk reports 
           Contact lists 
           Correspondence (including email) 
      Surveillance of Existing Insurance Contracts 
    Develop a plan to provide the Purchaser with all necessary information to monitor the performance of the Insurance Contracts.  The plan to include, but not limited to, the following: 
           Ongoing performance information 
           A list of all technical advisers ( TAs ) and their contracts 
           Knowledge transfer sessions 

75 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ago-09302016x10qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Dominic J. Frederico, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
       
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
       
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
    /s/ DOMINIC J. FREDERICO 

Dominic J. Frederico 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ago-09302016x10qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Robert A. Bailenson, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Assured Guaranty Ltd. 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
       
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
       
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
    /s/   ROBERT A. BAILENSON 

Robert A. Bailenson 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ago-09302016x10qex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Dominic J. Frederico, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DOMINIC J. FREDERICO 

Name: Dominic J. Frederico 
      
      Title:   President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
      Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ago-09302016x10qex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Robert A. Bailenson, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/   ROBERT A. BAILENSON 

Name: Robert A. Bailenson 
      
      Title:   Chief Financial Officer 
      
      Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ago-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ago-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ago-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ago-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ago-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ago-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

