<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-K_edgar_data_1620749_0001640334-16-001963_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1681083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103139</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>96160</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>349806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>519488</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>463215</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001963.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114111218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001963
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PANAMERA HEALTHCARE Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001620749
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				465707326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55569
		FILM NUMBER:		161992135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4180 ORCHARD HILL DRIVE
		CITY:			EDMOND
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4054135735

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4180 ORCHARD HILL DRIVE
		CITY:			EDMOND
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001963.txt : 20161114

10-K
 1
 pnht_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
   pnht_10k.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-K       (Mark One)         For the transition period from [   ] to [   ]     Commission file number   000-55569                 PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                  Nevada           46-5707326       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)               Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (405) 413-5735       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:             Title of Each Class         Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered       N/A           N/A          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act.  Yes  o    No  x      Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes  o  No  x        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days.    Yes  x    No  o          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x    No  o          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  o          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.               Large accelerated filer      o     Accelerated filer     o       Non-accelerated filer     o     Smaller reporting company      x           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  x    No  o      The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on January 31, 2016 was $Nil based on a $Nil closing price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (there was no bid or ask price of our common shares during this quarter).     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.     17,990,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 14, 2016.     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     None.      

TABLE OF CONTENTS                Item 1.      Business       3         Item 1A.      Risk Factors       6         Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments       6         Item 2.      Properties       6         Item 3.      Legal Proceedings       6         Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures       6         Item 5.      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities       6         Item 6.      Selected Financial Data       7         Item 7.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       7         Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       11         Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       11         Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure       25         Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures       25         Item 9B.      Other Information       26         Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance       27         Item 11.      Executive Compensation       31         Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters       33         Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence       34         Item 14.      Principal Accounting Fees and Services       35         Item 15.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules       36                       2       
      Table of Contents            PART I         Item 1. Business        Forward Looking Statements      This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk Factors  that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.     Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.     Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.     In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to  common shares  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.     As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms  we ,  us  and  our  mean Panamera Healthcare Corporation, unless otherwise indicated.      General Overview      We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 20, 2014. We offer management and consulting services to healthcare organizations. We intend to focus on ambulatory surgical centers (ASCs) that currently have an incentive to be acquired by hospitals in order to increase compensation levels. We believe the short term strategy of converting to hospital based compensation is not sustainable because fundamental changes in the way healthcare is being provided are being undertaken by both government and private insurance carriers. The demographics of an aging population also mandate such changes to avoid economic disruption, healthcare rationing, or unsustainable taxation.      Our Current Business      We are an early stage company devoted to helping clients navigate the complexities of a healthcare system in transition.     We offer management and consulting services to healthcare organizations. We intend to focus on ambulatory surgical centers (ASCs) that currently have an incentive to be acquired by hospitals in order to increase compensation levels. We believe the short term strategy of converting to hospital based compensation is not sustainable because fundamental changes in the way healthcare is being provided are being undertaken by both government and private insurance carriers. The demographics of an aging population also mandate such changes to avoid economic disruption, healthcare rationing, or unsustainable taxation.                  3       
      Table of Contents           Our Services      We offer our clients in the healthcare industry a wide array of services including but not limited to:                 new practice start-up services and group practice reorganizations;         physician group advisory services, performance improvement, compensation, electronic medical records and clinical practice integration;         hospital and surgical center interim management, turnaround strategies, workforce management, regulatory compliance and accreditation preparation, and start-up, transition, and closure support;         strategic and business planning as organizations cope with a transition to accountable care;         feasibility studies, fairness opinions, and valuations;         ICD-10 implementation, training, and analysis of key performance indicators.         transition to value-based care, value-based payment modeling, and measurable outcomes;        Our prospective clients are organizations or individual healthcare practitioners who need to accelerate their knowledge and acquisition of the systems needed to deal with some of the issues mentioned above. Our objective is to understand our clients' needs and serve as an aggregator of the information needed to solve their problems and meet their objectives rapidly and cost-effectively.     Prior to the Affordable Care Act ("ACA"), the mandated implementation of ICD-10-CM/PCS, and economic factors related to varying and uncertain reimbursement rates, if a healthcare organization were in financial distress, it would attempt a corporate renewal (turnaround) and employ recognized analytical tools, such as activity-based cost analysis, management reviews, review of capital structure, among others. To do so, such an organization might employ an interim manager to oversee the reorganization. Additionally it may assemble a team of advisors, which could include lawyers, accountants, bankers, human resources experts, marketing experts, and possibly even liquidation consultants if turnaround is deemed too difficult. In the current healthcare climate, we feel it is necessary to consider the added dimension of how the organization can emerge from distress while adequately implementing the new regulations and concepts such as value based care.     Value-based care is a departure from fee-for-service care where organizations are compensated for performing more services. Value based care envisions an organization or practitioner being rewarded for favorable outcomes. The challenge facing healthcare is how to measure and fairly compensate favorable outcomes. Because the research and policy suggestions in this area are rapidly evolving, we believe that our service as an aggregator and arbiter of information will be of value to our clients who may find it too difficult or not cost effective to do it on their own.     Our fees for such services are negotiated on a case-by-case basis based of the scope of the work and duration of the engagement. Two current engagements call for an hourly rate charged as the clients request our assistance in their current business operations. The contracts call for a maximum projected assistance per month as a mechanism to budget their resources and coordinate our resource availability.     Our officers have experience in long-term consulting at flat rate billing, although we do not currently have such clients. Under the terms of long term consulting contracts, in addition to a well-defined scope of services and deliverables, operational issues such as client's rules regarding access to premises, personnel, and intellectual property, changes in compensation relative to unexpected regulatory changes, premise relocation, and other potential changes attendant to long term relationships must be well defined in the initial contract.      Our Market      We believe the market for healthcare management services for providers, small hospitals and surgical centers not affiliated with larger organizations, which lack the time or proficiency to manage their facilities in a profitable manner, is underserved. We believe this to be especially true for the Oklahoma City area and the surrounding counties in Oklahoma due to the rural geography of the region and the many medical providers struggling to rapidly comply with new mandates, such as the implementation if ICD-10. Use of ICD-10 codes became effective on October 1, 2015, but the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid granted a one-year period where enforcement was relaxed while organizations adapted to the new standards. Now that the transition period has passed and most HIPPA-covered entities are functionally compliant, demand for initial training services has waned. The challenge going forward is to help entities analyze their progress by tracking key performance indicators (KPI) to address issues with reimbursement, claims submission and productivity. We believe that on-going training in ICD-10 is now a continuing (medical) education (CME) function, better served by entities that provide a wide array of CME courses such as the Oklahoma Association of Health Care Providers. Tracking and analyzing KPIs integrates with our other management services and adds more value. Examples of KPIs that are of immediate concern for a current client are medical necessity pass rate, incomplete or missing diagnosis codes, incomplete or missing charges, and number of records returned to clinicians for additional documentation.                 4       
      Table of Contents          We continue to focus our efforts regionally in Oklahoma County. However, when we are funded to a more stable degree, we intend to seek opportunities anywhere in the United States. We do not intend to compete internationally or with large national healthcare management companies whose primary focus is on large commercial firms, generally located in major urban areas.      Strategy      We offered our shares in a registered public offering that became effective on May 19, 2015, and are a reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we believe will provide us with greater access to capital if investor interest in our business grows enough to eventually sustain a secondary trading market in our securities. Additionally, we believe that being a reporting issuer increases our credibility and visibility.      Seasonality      Although our operating history is limited, we have not experienced a seasonal business cycle.      Competition      The healthcare management business is competitive and among qualified participants has low barriers to entry. We compete locally, and will eventually compete on a statewide basis, with a variety of primarily local companies that offer similar services as ours. Based on our review of advertisements and Internet web sites, we believe the majority of these companies are entrenched in the conventional healthcare system and are themselves struggling to adapt to the new requirements of healthcare as defined by the emerging standards of accountable care. Others appear to be knowledgeable about the ICD-10 standards, coding, and their possible impact on reimbursement rates. We hope to form strategic alliances with companies that have demonstrable expertise in specialized areas. Some of these companies have had many more years of business experience, have proprietary processes, or have greater financial and personnel resources, including marketing and sales organizations, and may be able to provide their services at lower rates. We do not believe any one company holds a dominant share of the local or statewide market on which we are focused.      Compliance with Government Regulation      As a management firm, we are not subject to special licensure or certifications. Our employees may seek educational certifications, which are a way to demonstrate competency, not as a condition to perform services. The institutions for which we consult may be subject to varied and complex licensure requirements. We will assist these entities to stay in compliance with regulations. Examples of regulatory compliance are:                 Certificates of Need         Facility and professional licensure and certification         Medicare and Medicaid certification   provider-based status, distinct part units, and hospitals within hospitals         Organizational policy and accreditation relating to emergency services         Accreditation   JCAHO, AOA, and other national accreditation agencies                     5       
      Table of Contents            Research and Development      We have incurred $Nil in research and development expenditures over the last two fiscal years.      Intellectual Property      We do not currently have any intellectual property, other than our domain name and website, www.panamerahealth.com.      Employees      As of July 31, 2016, we have no employees. Other than our chief financial officer, who we have verbally agreed to pay for management services, our officers and directors are donating their time to the development of our company and are able to fulfil part-time the requirements of our two present contracts. We have no employees, and do not foresee hiring employees in the near future. We will be engaging independent contractors as needed who, under our direction, will fulfill the requirements of engagements that exceed our officers' time constraints.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 2. Properties        Our principal executive office location and mailing address is 4180 Orchard Hill Drive., Edmond, OK 73025. The office is provided by our president and no cost to us.       Item 3. Legal Proceedings       From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. We are not presently parties to any litigation, nor to our knowledge and belief is any litigation threatened or contemplated.         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.       Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities       Our common shares were listed for quotation on the Pink Sheets of the OTC Markets under the symbol  PNHT  on March 7, 2016. On June 13, 2016, our stock became ineligible for quotation due to quoting inactivity under SEC Rule 15c-211.                   6       
      Table of Contents          There is no established current public market for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time.      Our shares are issued in registered form. Action Stock Transfer Corporation at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214, Salt Lake City, UT 84121 (Telephone: (801) 274-1088; Facsimile: (801) 274-1099) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares.     On November 14, 2016, the shareholders  list showed 35 registered shareholders with 17,990,000 shares of common stock outstanding.      Description of Securities      The authorized capital stock of our company consists of 150,000,000 of common stock, at $0.0001 par value, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, at $0.0001 par value.        Dividend Policy      We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors.      Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities      We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended July 31, 2016 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended July 31, 2016.       Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers      We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended July 31, 2016.        Item 6. Selected Financial Data       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.                  7       
      Table of Contents           Plan of Operations and Cash Requirements       We offer management and consulting services to healthcare organizations. We intend to devote our marketing efforts toward identifying ambulatory surgical centers (ASC) that currently have an incentive to be acquired by hospitals in order to increase compensation levels. We intend to reorganize ASCs and consolidate several such centers into larger entities that can immediately take advantage of higher reimbursement rates permitted by the reorganization. At the same time, we expect to institute the necessary medical records and management systems to make the transition to value based compensation.      Cash Requirements      We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through equity financing arrangements,     Our net loss for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, was $57,184 compared to a net loss of $77,183 at July 31, 2015.      During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we incurred operating expenses of $54,329 compared to $74,866 incurred during the year ended July 31, 2015.      As of July 31, 2016, our current assets were $60,084 compared to $33,434 in current assets at July 31, 2015. As of July 31, 2016, our current liabilities were $61,893 compared to $77,409 in current liabilities at July 31, 2015.     Stockholders  deficit was ($1,809) as of July 31, 2016 compared to ($43,975) as of July 31, 2015.       Results of Operations - Years Ended July 31, 2016 and the July 31, 2015      The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, which are included herein.     Our operating results for the year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows:             During the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 no revenues were recorded.     Net loss was $57,184 for year ended July 31, 2016 and $77,183 for the year ended July 31, 2015. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to decrease in management and consulting fees.                  8       
      Table of Contents          Operating expenses for the year ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 were $54,329 and $74,866 respectively. Operating expenses were primarily attributed to professional fees, consulting fees, and other general overhead. Professional fees for the year ended July 31, 2016, was $37,280 compared to $34,917 for the year ended July 31, 2015. The increase in professional fees during the year ended July 31, 2016, compared to the year ended July 31, 2015, is primarily attributed to accounting, audit and legal fees related to the Company s SEC filings. The decrease in general and administration fees of $22,900, during the year ended July 31, 2016, were primarily attributable to decrease in management fees to an officer.           As at July 31, 2016, our current assets were $60,084 and our current liabilities were $61,893 which resulted in a working capital deficiency of $1,809. As at July 31, 2016, current assets were comprised of $60,084 in cash, compared to $6,784 in cash, and $26,650 in restricted cash at July 31, 2015. As at July 31, 2016, current liabilities were comprised of $5,532 in accounts payable and , $277 in accrued interest to a related party and $56,084 in due to related parties, compared to $1,176 in accounts payable and $76,233 in due to related parties at July 31, 2015.             Cash Flows from Operating Activities      We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the year ended July 31, 2016, net cash flows used in operating activities was $70,301 consisting of a net loss of $57,184 and was offset by an increase in accounts payable of $4,356, a decrease in related party payable of $17,750 and an increase in accrued expense of $277. For the year ended July 31, 2015, net cash flows used in operating activities was $55,334 consisting of a net loss of $77,183 and was offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $6,500, an increase in accounts payable of $1,176 and related party payable of $17,750 and a decrease in accrued expense of $3,577.      Cash Flows from Investing Activities      For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $0 and $26,650 of cash used in investing activities, respectively. For July 31, 2015, we had $26,650 in restricted cash from stock subscriptions.        Cash   Flows from Financing Activities      We have financed our operations from the issuance of equity and loans from related parties. For the year ended July 31, 2016, and the July 31, 2015, we generated $123,601 and $86,782 from financing activities, respectively. For the year ended July 31, 2016, we repaid to a related party net loan of $2,399 and received $73,350 from the sale of common stock, an amount of $26,000 was contributed capital and the release of restricted cash provided $26,650. For the year ended July 31, 2015, we received net loans from a related party of $39,983, received $26,799 from stock subscriptions for the sale of common stock, and an amount of $20,000 was contributed capital in the period ended July 31, 2015.                     9       
      Table of Contents           Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital      There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a development stage corporation and have not generated any revenues from operations to fully implement our business plan. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, and competition from larger organizations. We will require equity and/or debt financing to provide for the capital required to implement our plans. We will require additional funds to operate for the next year.     We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing as envisioned by our Offering will result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.       Liquidity and Capital Resources       From May 20, 2014 (inception) through July 31, 2016, we have relied on funds loaned to us by Kratos Healthcare Inc ("Kratos"), a company controlled by an officer and director, to fund our initial working capital requirements. The current amount due is $56,084 in principal and $277 in accrued interest and Kratos has agreed to loan us additional amounts of up to a total of $75,000 (inclusive of cash advances to date).      On September 26, 2014, we filed a Prospectus as part of our Registration Statement on Form S-1, which registered a total of 3,990,000 shares of our common stock at $0.04 per share, 1,490,000 of which were offered by selling shareholders, and 2,500,000 of which were offered by our company. Our company sought to raise $100,000 under the Offering. That Prospectus was declared effective on May 19, 2015. Under the terms of the Prospectus, the offering of the shares by our company stock originally expired on February 13, 2016, unless it was extended by our board of directors. Our company sold 2,500,000 shares under the Prospectus, raising a total of $100,000, and closed the Offering on October 15, 2015.     In the event we are not successful in reaching our initial revenue targets, additional funds may be required, and we may not be able to proceed with our business plan for the development and marketing of our core services. Should this occur, we would likely seek additional financing to support the continued operation of our business. We anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.       As of July 31, 2016, we have no employees. Other than our chief financial officer, who we have verbally agreed to pay for management services, our officers and directors are donating their time to the development of our company. As of July 31, 2016, an officer who is also a director and a shareholder was owed $NIL (2015 - $17,750) for management fees and during the year ended July 31, 2016, received cash payments of $33,250 (2015 - $19,950) for management fees.        Contractual Obligations      As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations.      Going Concern      As of July 31, 2016, our company had a net loss of $57,184 and has earned no revenues. Our company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017. The ability of our company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of our business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.             Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders.      Critical Accounting Policies       The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements.      Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments.         Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION           Item 1. Financial Statements.            PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION     July 31, 2016 and 2015    Index to the Audited Financial Statements                      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm       To the Board of Directors   Panamera Healthcare Corporation   Edmond, OK      We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Panamera Healthcare Corporation (the "Company") as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.      We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.      In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company, as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and negative operating cash flows which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.       /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP    www.malonebailey.com   Houston, Texas   November 10, 2016                         PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION         Balance Sheets                       The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.                       PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION         Statements of Operations                 The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.                       PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION         Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit         For the Period From Year Ended July 31, 2015 through July 31, 2016                 The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.                         PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION         Statements of Cash Flows                 The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.               PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION     Notes to the Audited Financial Statements    July 31, 2016 and 2015       NOTE 1 -   ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS      Panamera Healthcare Corporation (the  Company ) is a Nevada corporation incorporated on May 20, 2014.  It is based in Oklahoma City, OK, USA.  The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and the Company s fiscal year end is July 31.     The Company intends to offer management and consulting services to healthcare organizations that are increasingly facing various stresses including financial, organizational, and information technology challenges. To date, the Company s activities have been limited to its formation and the raising of equity capital.      NOTE 2 -   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Basis of Presentation       The Financial Statements and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  The Financial Statements have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) of the United States.       Reclassifications       Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.       Use of Estimates       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments.       Cash and Cash Equivalents       Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value.  The Company had $60,084 and $33,434 in cash and cash equivalents as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of July 31, 2015, the Company classified $26,650 as restricted cash. During the year July 31, 2016, the cash was released and as such is no longer considered to be restricted cash.               Restricted Cash       The Company was required to restrict a portion of cash, per the terms of our initial public offering, until a minimum of 1,000,000 shares of common stock were sold. As at July 31, 2015, the Company had $26,650 in restricted cash, from subscriptions for 666,250 shares of common stock. The cash was released during the year ended July 31, 2016, when the Company completed the initial public offering.       Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock       The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share,   ( EPS ) which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation.  In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.     The Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding.       Concentrations of Credit Risk       The Company s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents and related party payables that it will likely incur in the near future.  The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness.  At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits.  The Company s management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited.       Financial Instruments       The Company follows ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:      Level 1      Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.      Level 2      Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data.      Level 3      Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.            Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of July 31, 2016.  The carrying values of our financial instruments, including, cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses; and loans and notes payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.       Share-based Expenses       ASC 718   Compensation   Stock Compensation   prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired.  Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options,  and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.  Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,   Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.   Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable:  (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued.  The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.       No share-based expenses were incurred for the years ending July 31, 2016 and 2015.       Advertising Costs       The Company follows ASC 720,   Advertising Costs,   and expenses costs as incurred.  No advertising costs were incurred for the years ending July 31, 2016 and 2015.       Related Parties       The Company follows ASC 850,     Related Party Disclosures,   for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See note 6.       Commitments and Contingencies       The Company follows ASC 450-20 ,  Loss Contingencies ,  to report accounting for contingencies.  Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.  There were no commitments or contingencies as of July 31, 2016.              Revenue Recognition       The Company recognizes revenue from the services in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.   The Company recognizes revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:              i)  Persuasive evidence for an agreement exists;      ii)  Service has been provided;      iii)  The fee is fixed or determinable; and,      iv)  Collection is reasonably assured.        Revenue is realized by (1) clients signing contractual service agreements that are billed monthly, (2) time is tracked and billed hourly and additional charges are billed for service in excess of the minimum monthly fee, (3) service is billed per the terms of the service agreement, and (4) collection occurs within reasonable time after completion of each monthly billing. No revenues have been recorded for the years ending July 31, 2016 and 2015.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements       Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued. The Company s management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements.      NOTE 3 - GOING CONCERN      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  As of July 31, 2016, the Company has a loss from operations, an accumulated deficit and has earned minimal revenues from related parties.  The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017.     The ability of the Company to emerge from an early stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan.  In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.     These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.      NOTE 4 - EQUITY        Preferred Stock       The Company has authorized 50,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share.  The Board of Directors are authorized to divide the authorized shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes.  No shares of preferred stock have been issued.              Common Stock       The Company has authorized 150,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share.  Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought.     During the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued the following common shares:            As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had 17,990,000 and 15,490,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.      NOTE 5 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES      The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740,   Income Taxes.   Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.     The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to the net loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons:           Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of:                  Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Income Tax laws of United States of America, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $149,358 for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years.  They typically expire 20 years from when incurred.     Income taxes for the years ended 2014 through 2016, remain subject to examination.      NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS       Accounts Payable      During the year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 an officer and director of the company invoiced the Company $15,500 and $37,250, respectively, for labor costs in the performance of servicing contracts with a related party company and additional corporate administrative work. For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company repaid $33,250 and $19,500, respectively, to this related party. As at July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company was obligated to this individual for amounts payable of $0 and $ $17,750, respectively.      Note Payable      On July 15, 2014, a corporation controlled by an officer and director committed $75,000 Promissory Note in the form of a line of credit.  Any unpaid balance was due December 31, 2015, and was extended to December 31, 2016, at an annual interest rate of 5% and may be prepaid without penalty. The Company concluded the note modification was not a significant change and is not treating it as an extinguishment.  During the year ended July 31, 2016, net repayments under the line of credit to the Company were made in the amount of $2,399. As of July 31, 2016 the Company was obligated, for this interest bearing loan with a balance of $56,084 and accrued interest of $277. During the year ended July 31, 2015, the Company borrowed $43,794 under the line of credit to the Company and repaid $3,811 the net advances to the Company was $39,983 for working capital requirements. As of July 31, 2015, the Company was obligated, for this interest bearing demand loan with a balance of $58,483, with  no accrued interest. The Company plans to pay the loan and interest back as cash flows become available.  The remaining balance available under the line of credit is $18,639 as of July 31, 2016.  For the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid $2,579 and $2,394, respectively, in interest on this note payable.       Reclassifications      During the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, revenues to related parties were recorded as $18,000 and $33,000, and accounts receivable with related parties of $5,000 and $13,000, respectively, in relation to the revenues earned. The amounts during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, netting to $26,000 ($18,000 plus the $8,000 cash received in the current year to settle prior year accounts receivable) and $20,000, respectively, have been reclassified as contributed capital based on the Company s evaluation of ASC 605 regarding the nature of the transactions. To conform to the presentation for July 31, 2016, we have reclassified amounts on the Balance Sheet, Statement of Operations, the Statement of Change in Stockholders Deficit, and statement of Cash flow for the year ended July 31, 2015.             Other      The controlling shareholders have pledged their support to fund continuing operations during an early stage; however there is no written commitment to this effect.  The Company is dependent upon the continued support.     The officers and directors of the Company may be involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities that become available. They may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and other business interests. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.     The Company does not own or lease property or lease office space. The office space used by the Company was arranged by the founder of the Company to use at no charge.     The Company does not have employment contracts with its key employees, the controlling shareholders, who are officers and directors of the Company.      NOTE 7 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      The Company has no commitments or contingencies as of July 31, 2016.     From time to time the Company may become a party to litigation matters involving claims against the Company.  Management believes that it is adequately insured for its operations and there are no current matters that would have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.             Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure       There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods.       Item 9A. Controls and Procedures         Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures      Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), our company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our company s management, including our company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) (our principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of our company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our company s CEO and CFO concluded that our company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our company in the reports that our company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company s management, including our company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, due to the material weaknesses identified below.     It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.        Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting      Management of our company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to our company s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.     Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to our company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.     In the course of management's assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of July 31, 2016. We have identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting:                     Segregation of Duties    As a result of limited resources, we did not maintain proper segregation of incompatible duties, namely the lack of an audit committee, an understaffed financial and accounting function, and the need for additional personnel to prepare and analyze financial information in a timely manner and to allow review and on-going monitoring and enhancement of our controls. The effect of the lack of segregation of duties potentially affects multiple processes and procedures.                               Maintenance of Current Accounting Records    We may from time to time fail to maintain our records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of our company.         We are in the continuous process of improving our internal control over financial reporting in an effort to eliminate these material weaknesses through improved supervision and training of our staff, but additional effort is needed to fully remedy these deficiencies. Management has engaged a Certified Public Accountant as a consultant to assist with the financial reporting process in an effort to mitigate some of the identified weaknesses. Our company is still in its development stage and intends on hiring the necessary staff to address the weaknesses once revenue has been realized.     This annual report does not include an attestation report of our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our company to provide only management's report in this annual report.        Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting      There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended July 31, 2016 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.       Item 9B. Other Information       None.            PART III         Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance        All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows:              Name        Position Held with the Company        Age        Date First Elected or Appointed       Curtis Summers      Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director      42      May 20, 2014      Douglas G. Baker      Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director      62      May 20, 2014      Ernest Diaz      Executive Vice-President and Director      51      May 20, 2014          Business Experience      The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out.       Curtis Summers -     Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer        Mr. Summers co-founded our company in May 2014. Mr. Summers also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Summit Medical Center in Edmond, Oklahoma, formed after the sale and reorganization Foundation Surgical Hospital of Oklahoma where Mr. Summers was the Chief Executive Officer since January of 2007. He received his Bachelor of Science with an emphasis on Business Administration (Marketing   Management from Newman University in Wichita, Kansas in 1996, and his Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Oklahoma Christian University, Edmond, Oklahoma in 1996.     Mr. Summers  abilities derive from following industries laid this background:                   Construction Company- Responsible for accounts payable accounts receivable, general ledger, inventory, invoicing and bank reconciliations.           Bank - credit card collections, public relations, customer service.           Marketing Company   planning research, writing, drafting proposals.              Mr. Summers medical industry experience began at an Oklahoma City medical center managed by HCA International, where was a program Development Coordinator. He was vice-president of marketing for a surgical hospital, the Chief Operating Officer of a bariatric hospital, and the Chief Executive Officer of Foundation Surgical Hospital of Oklahoma, as noted above. He is presently serving as CEO of Summit Medical Center. We believe that Mr. Summer's broad experience and specifically as a CEO of a medical center qualify him to perform the services that Panamera offers.     Mr. Summers  professional affiliations include:                   Member, American College of Healthcare Executives.           Member, American Marketing Association.           Member, Public Relations Society of America.           Public Relations and Marketing Society   Oklahoma Chapter           Member, American Society for Metabolic   Bariatric Surgery        Our company believes that Mr. Summers  professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our company.           Douglas G. Baker - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director       Mr. Baker co-founded our company in May 2014. He also serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Summit Medical Center in Edmond, OK from September 2009 to the present. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting in 1976 from the University of Central Oklahoma in Edmond, Oklahoma. Mr. Baker demonstrates extensive knowledge of financial, accounting and operational issues relevant to our business. He also brings deep transactional expertise, including equity offerings, bank financings and acquisitions, making him qualified as a member of the Board.     Our company believes that Mr. Baker s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our company.           Ernest Diaz - Executive Vice-President and Director       Mr. Diaz co-founded our company in May 2014. Mr. Diaz also serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Apnea Specialists, Inc. of Oklahoma City, OK from September 2009 to the present. Prior to his tenure at Apnea Specialists, he was the Vice President of Sleep Operations at ROK Medical Inc. He is a 1987 graduate of Loma Linda University in Loma Linda California with a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry and an Associate of Science Degree in respiratory therapy.     Our company believes that Mr. Diaz s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our company.     The Board of Directors appoints our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill director vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one year, and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal.               Term of Office      Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board.      All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors. We have not compensated our Directors for service on our Board of Directors, any committee thereof, or reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors and/or any committee of our Board of Directors. Officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors. We do not have any standing committees. Our Board of Directors may in the future determine to pay Directors  fees and reimburse Directors for expenses related to their activities.        Employment Agreements      While there are no written employment agreements with our officers and directors, our company has verbally agreed to pay Douglas Baker a management fee for his services. For the year ended July 31, 2016, Mr. Baker invoiced and was paid for services totaling $15,500.     Curtis Summers and Ernest Diaz currently volunteer their time and are not receiving compensation.      Family Relationships      There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers.       Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings      To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:                 1.  been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);                         2.  had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;                         3.  been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;                         4.  been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;                         5.  been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or                              6.  been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.         Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934      Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.     Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by our company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners as well as our officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners of our subsidiaries were complied with.      Code of Ethics      We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our company's officers including our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:                 1.   honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;                          2.   full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us;                          3.   compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;                          4.   the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and                          5.   accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.             Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our company's senior officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information; that they maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity.     In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly senior officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws. Any senior officer, who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to our company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another.           Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed as Exhibit 14.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 2014. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to: Panamera Healthcare Corporation, 4180 Orchard Hill Drive, Edmond, OK 73025.       Board and Committee Meetings      Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended July 31, 2016. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held.      Nomination Process      As of July 31, 2016, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report.      Audit Committee      Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not have a standing audit committee, as we currently have limited working capital and no revenues. Should we be able to raise sufficient funding to execute our business plan, we will form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees utilizing our directors  expertise.      Audit Committee Financial Expert      Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not currently have a director who is qualified to act as the head of the audit committee.        Item 11. Executive Compensation       The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons:                 (a)  our principal executive officer;                         (b)  each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015; and                           (c)  up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed $100,000 for the respective fiscal year:                 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE        Name and Principal Position           Year           Salary ($)                Bonus ($)           Stock Awards ($)           Option Awards ($)           Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa-tion ($)           Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensa-tion Earnings ($)           All Other Compensa-tion ($)           Total ($)            Curtis Summers         2016         Nil              Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil          Nil          Nil             President, CEO and Director          2015          Nil               Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil                                                                                                                                Douglas G. Baker         2016              15,500              Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil               15,500            CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director          2015              37,250               Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil              37,250                                                                                                                                Ernest Diaz         2016         Nil              Nil         Nil         Nil         Nil          Nil         Nil         Nil            Executive Vice-President and Director          2015          Nil               Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil          Nil              There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors.       Grants of Plan-Based Awards      There were no grants of plan-based awards during the year ended July 31, 2016.      Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End      We do not have any equity awards outstanding as at the year ended July 31, 2016      Option Exercises and Stock Vested       During our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 there were no options exercised by our named officers.        Compensation of Directors      We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors.      No compensation was paid to non-employee directors for the year ended July 31, 2016.              Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans      There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof.       Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management      None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding.       Compensation Committee      We currently do not have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. Our board of directors as a whole determines executive compensation.       Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters       The following table sets forth, as of September 21, 2016, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated.        _______________              (1)  Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 there were 17,990,000 shares of our company s common stock issued and outstanding.                Changes in Control      We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company.       Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence       Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5% of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended July 31, 2016, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years, with the exception of the following:     Kratos Healthcare Inc., a company controlled by our officers and directors, provides us cash advances as needed to fund our initial working capital requirements. At founding (May 20, 2014), Kratos informally agreed to make loans to us in amounts up to a total of $75,000 ("standby credit") in order to fund our working capital requirements, as and when such funding is necessary and required. On July 15, 2014, our company agreed to pay to Kratos interest of 5% per annum from July 1, 2014, on the unpaid balance of such advances. Principal and interest were due on December 15, 2015. On December 31, 2015, our company and Kratos agreed to extend the due date of all loans made under the standby credit to December 31, 2016. The notes bear interest at the rate of 5% per annum for the duration of the loans, which may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties.     As of July 31, 2016, we are indebted to Kratos for a balance of $56,084 and accrued interest of $277. During the year ended July 31, 2016, we paid interest expenses to Kratos of $2,578.     As of July 31, 2016, we have accrued $0 in management fees to our Chief Financial Officer.     The office space used by our company is provided by one of our founders, Curtis Summers, at no cost to us.     We believe these arrangements are advantageous to us and are on terms no less favorable to us than could have been obtained from unaffiliated third parties.      Director Independence      We currently act with three directors, consisting of Curtis Summers, Douglas G. Baker and Ernest Diaz.     We have determined that we do not have an independent director, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association of Securities Dealers.      Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors.     From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.              Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services       The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, and for fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:            Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered.     Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors  independence.            PART IV        Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules       (a) Financial Statements     (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document.     (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.     (b) Exhibits              Exhibit    Number        Description        (3)        Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws       3.1      Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 2014)      3.2      Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 2014)       (14)        Code of Ethics       14.1      Code of Ethics for Directors, Officers, and Employees (incorporated by reference to exhibit 14.1 in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 2014)      14.2      Code of Ethics for CEO And Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to exhibit 14.2 in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 2014)       (31)        Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications        31.1*        Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer        31.2*        Section 302 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer        (32)        Section 1350 Certifications        32.1*        Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer        32.2*        Section 906 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer        101 *         Interactive Data File       101.INS      XBRL Instance Document      101.SCH         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document      101.CAL         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document      101.DEF         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document      101.LAB         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document      101.PRE         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document      ___________   * Filed herewith.                 SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.                     PANAMERA HEALTHCARE CORPORATION                (Registrant)                           Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Curtis Summers                 Curtis Summers                President, Chief Executive Officer and Director               (Principal Executive Officer)                           Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Douglas G. Baker                 Douglas G. Baker                Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director               (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)           Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.              Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Curtis Summers                 Curtis Summers                President, Chief Executive Officer and Director               (Principal Executive Officer)                           Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Douglas G. Baker                  Douglas G. Baker                Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director               (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)                           Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Ernest Diaz                 Ernest Diaz                Executive Vice-President and Director                  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pnht_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pnht_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Curtis Summers, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Panamera Healthcare Corporation;                2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                          (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                          (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                          (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and            5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                 (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                          (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.        Date: November 14, 2016              /s/ Curtis Summers         Curtis Summers        President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pnht_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pnht_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002        I, Douglas G. Baker, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Panamera Healthcare Corporation;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.         Date: November 14, 2016              /s/ Douglas G. Baker         Douglas G. Baker        Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pnht_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pnht_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Curtis Summers, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:            (1)  the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Panamera Healthcare Corporation for the period ended July 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               (2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Panamera Healthcare Corporation.                    Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Curtis Summers                 Curtis Summers             President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)             Panamera Healthcare Corporation         A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Panamera Healthcare Corporation and will be retained by Panamera Healthcare Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pnht_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pnht_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Douglas G. Baker, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:            (1)  the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Panamera Healthcare Corporation for the period ended July 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               (2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Panamera Healthcare Corporation.                    Dated: November 14, 2016          /s/ Douglas G. Baker                Douglas G. Baker             Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)             Panamera Healthcare Corporation         A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Panamera Healthcare Corporation and will be retained by Panamera Healthcare Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pnht-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pnht-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pnht-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pnht-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pnht-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pnht-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

