<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-K_edgar_data_104897_0001493152-16-014531_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3018517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84193</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>184331</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>653980</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1181613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>820355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>63</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014531.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104170931
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014531
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160828
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104897
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METALWORKING MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3540]
		IRS NUMBER:				410691607
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0828

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00619
		FILM NUMBER:		161975939

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 CHELSEA ROAD
		CITY:			MONTICELLO
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55362
		BUSINESS PHONE:		763-295-9202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 CHELSEA ROAD
		CITY:			MONTICELLO
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55362

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WSI INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WASHINGTON SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014531.txt : 20161104

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

For
the Fiscal Year Ended August 28, 2016  

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________  

Commission
File No.   000-00619    

WSI
    Industries, Inc.    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant specified in its charter)   

Minnesota  
         
      41-0691607   
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
                                                                               incorporation
                                         or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
                                                                               Identification
                                         No.)    

Issuer s
telephone number, including area code: (763) 295-9202  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

  Common
Stock, $0.10 par value  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

  Yes
[  ] No [ X ]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.   

  Yes
[  ] No [ X ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ X ] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such filed). Yes [ X ] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)  

Large
    accelerated filer  [  ]   
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]  
      Non-accelerated
    filer  [  ]   
      Smaller
    reporting company  [X]    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[ X ]  

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on February 26, 2016
(the business day immediately prior to the end of the registrant s second fiscal quarter) was $10,802,000 based upon the
closing sale price on that date of $3.70 as reported by The NASDAQ Capital Market. The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock, $0.10 par value, outstanding as of October 17, 2016 was 2,919,500.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  

Portions
of the Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 22, 2016, which will be filed
within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form
10-K.  

PART
I  

Item
1. Description of Business.  

WSI
Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) makes its periodic and current reports available free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports
can be obtained by contacting the Company through its website at  www.wsiindustries.com .  

Overview  

The
Company was incorporated in Minnesota in 1950 for the purpose of performing precision contract machining for the aerospace, communication,
and industrial markets. The major portions of Company revenues are derived from machining work for the aerospace/avionics/defense
industries, recreational powersports vehicles (ATV and motorcycle) markets, energy industry, automotive industry and bioscience
industry.  

Contract
manufacturing constitutes the Company s entire business.  

Products
and Services   

The
Company manufactures metal components in medium to high volumes requiring tolerances as close as one ten-thousandth (.0001) of
an inch. These components are manufactured in accordance with customer specifications using materials both purchased by the Company
as well as being supplied by our customer.  

Sales
and Marketing  

Our
mission is to achieve diversified growth through the expansion of our contract machining and complimentary value-add services,
as well as growth through partnerships and acquisitions. We have a team of direct sales force personnel that are dedicated to
pursuing opportunities to organically grow our business. We also utilize independent sales reps to search out new business where
appropriate. Our overall goal is to add core customers that will diversify the industries that we serve and will eventually become
 pillar  accounts that support the overall organization. Our target markets include aerospace, avionics, defense,
automotive, recreational powersports, heavy equipment and other industries that outsource machining services and have the need
to build long-term relationships with a dependable supplier. We search out these types of customers via a wide variety of methods
including prospecting, trade shows and networking with the goal of receiving request for quotes that we can provide proposals
on and eventually win new business.  

The
Company has a reputation as a dependable supplier capable of meeting stringent specifications to produce quality components at
high production rates. The Company has demonstrated an ability to develop sophisticated manufacturing processes and controls essential
to produce precision and reliability in its products.  

Customers  

Sales
were made to Polaris Industries, Inc. and related entities in the amount of $31,526,000, or 90% of total Company revenues, in
fiscal 2016.  

Competition  

Although
there are a large number of companies engaged in machining, the Company believes the number of entities with the technical capability
and capacity for producing products of the class and in the volumes manufactured by the Company is relatively small. Competition
is primarily based on product quality, service, timely delivery, and price.  

Research
and Development; Intellectual Property  

We
perform research and development for customers on an as requested and program basis for development of conceptual engineering
and design activities prior to manufacturing the products. Our research and development activities are machining process oriented
and not done towards the development of products. We did not expend significant dollars in 2016 or 2015 on company-sponsored product
research and development. Patents and trademarks are not deemed significant to the Company.  

Employees  

At
August 28, 2016, the Company had 91 full-time employees, none of whom were subject to a union contract. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be good.  

Foreign
and Domestic Operations and Export Sales  

The
Company has no operations or any significant sales in any foreign country.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.  

In
evaluating us as a company, careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results
and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. In addition to the following
disclosures, please refer to the other information contained in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes.  

A
large percentage of our sales have been made to a small number of customers in a small number of highly competitive industries,
and the loss of a major customer would adversely affect us.  In fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, one customer in the recreational
vehicle market accounted for 90%, 86% and 80% of our revenue, respectively. If there is a loss of this customer or a significant
decline in sales to this customer it could have an adverse effect on our results from operations.  

The
economic conditions in the United States and around the world could adversely affect our financial results.  Demand for our
services depends upon worldwide economic conditions, including but not limited to overall economic growth rates, consumer spending,
oil prices, financing availability, employment rates, interest rates, inflation, consumer confidence, and the profits, capital
spending, and liquidity of large OEMs that we serve. A downturn in any of the markets we serve have caused and could continue
to cause our OEM customers to reduce ordering levels, resulting in reschedules, program delays or cancelled orders of our services
having an adverse effect on our business and our financial results. In addition, some of our customers have their own internal
machining capabilities. A downturn in one of their markets could result in them bringing machining services back in house and
thus adversely affect our financial results.  

One
of our main markets is in the highly regulated energy industry.  The energy industry we serve, and specifically the shale and
gas fracturing ( fracking ) business, is controversial from an environmental perspective. Should environmental laws
change to limit the fracking industry, it could have an adverse effect on our financial results.  

We
operate in the highly competitive and fragmented contract machining industry.  We compete against many contract machining companies.
We also compete with OEM in-house operations that are continually evaluating manufacturing products internally against the advantages
of outsourcing. We may also be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to price when compared to manufacturers with excess
capacity, lower cost structures and availability of lower cost labor. The availability of excess manufacturing capacity of our
competitors also creates competitive pressure on price and winning new business. We also face competition from companies that
are based in low cost countries. These companies may have lower cost structures and the availability of lower cost labor. To respond
to competitive pressures, we may be required to reduce our prices to customers or increase discounts to customers, which would
result in lower gross profit margins and decreased revenue. These factors also impact the Company s ability to obtain additional
manufacturing programs and retain our current programs.  

Controlling
manufacturing costs is a significant factor in operating results.  The Company s ability to manage its costs on existing
manufacturing programs and its ability to curtail costs and expenses on potential new manufacturing programs could have a significant
impact on the Company s operating results. The Company also faces increasing quality requirements from its customers that
could have an impact on the costs to manufacture product.  

Operating
results may vary significantly from period to period.  We can experience significant fluctuations in our revenue and operating
results. One of the principal factors that contribute to these fluctuations is the significant changes in our customer s
delivery requirements. Results of operations in any period, therefore, should not be considered indicative of the results to be
expected for any future period. Significant fluctuations in our revenue and operating results could also impact the Company s
ability to comply with its debt covenants of its credit facilities.  

Internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations.  We require effective
internal control over financial reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to
effectively prevent fraud. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent
limitations, including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. However, even effective internal controls can provide
only reasonable and not absolute assurances with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements.  

The
market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue in the future.  The market price
of our common stock has been volatile in the past and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the
future. These factors include quarterly fluctuations in our financial results, customer contract awards, and general economic
and political conditions in our various markets. In addition, the stock prices of small public contract manufacturing companies
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of such
companies. This market volatility may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.  

Complying
with securities laws and regulations is costly for us.  Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance
and public disclosure, including regulations promulgated by the SEC and Nasdaq, are creating particular challenges for smaller
publicly-held companies like us. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure.
As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue
to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. In particular, our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
the related regulations regarding our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting have required, and will continue
to require, the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. In addition to Sarbanes-Oxley, we also have been
and will continue to be required to expend financial and managerial resources to comply with the SEC requirement that mandates
that our quarterly and yearly filings with them be in an XBRL readable format as well as requirements related to the Conflict
Minerals Reporting as required under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

Not
applicable.  

Item
2. Properties.  

The
Company purchased an existing 49,000 square foot facility located in Monticello, Minnesota in May 2004 to house its production
and its headquarters. The purchase price was $1.9 million and was paid for by a combination of cash and debt. In fiscal 2008,
the Company commenced an addition to its facility and with its completion in early fiscal 2009 the addition added 12,500 square
feet of manufacturing space. In August 2012, the Company announced a second expansion of 47,000 square feet which roughly doubled
the amount of manufacturing space the Company had and increased the total facility size to approximately 107,000 square feet.
The expansion was completed in fiscal 2013 and cost approximately $3.8 million which was paid for by a combination of cash on
hand and a new mortgage agreement with its bank which was finalized in May 2013.  

The
new mortgage with its bank was for $4.2 million, carries an interest rate of 2.843%, requires monthly payments of $22,964 based
on a 20 year amortization schedule and matures on May 8, 2018. The new mortgage satisfied the original mortgage of $1.1 million
and provided the Company $3.1 million to use toward its building expansion project.  

The
Company considers its manufacturing equipment, facilities, and other physical properties to be suitable and adequate to meet the
requirements of our business.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.   

The
Company is not a party to any material legal proceedings; we may be subject from time to time to ordinary routine litigation incidental
to its business.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II  

Item
5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

The
common stock of the Company is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol  WSCI.   

As
of October 27, 2016 there were 297 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock.  

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales price information for our common stock as
reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market.  

In
the first two quarters of fiscal 2016 and all of fiscal 2015, the Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $.04 per share in
each quarter. The Company discontinued its quarterly dividend program in March of 2016.  

The
following table sets forth information regarding our equity compensation plans in effect as of August 28, 2016. Each of our equity
compensation plans is an  employee benefit plan  as defined by Rule 405 of Regulation C of the Securities Act of 1933.  

Equity
Compensation Plan Information   

Plan category    
     Number of shares of common stock to be issued
    upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights       
     Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding
    options, warrants and rights       
     Number of shares of common stock remaining available
    for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders:      

2005 Stock Plan    
        415,001       
     $  5.35       
        227,882     

Total      
        415,001       
     $  5.35       
        227,882     

There
are no outstanding equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders.  

The
Company made no repurchases of its common stock in fiscal year 2016.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data  

Not
applicable.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates:  

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discuss our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation
of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  

We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances,
the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Results may differ from these estimates due to actual outcomes being different from those on which
we based our assumptions. The estimates and judgments utilized are reviewed by management on an ongoing basis and by the audit
committee of our board of directors at the end of each quarter prior to the public release of our financial results. We made no
significant changes to our critical accounting policies during fiscal 2016.  

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies:   

Excess
and Obsolete Inventory:   

Inventories,
which are composed of raw materials, work in process and finished goods, are valued at the lower of cost or market by comparing
the cost of each item in inventory to its most recent sales price or sales order price. Inventory cost is adjusted down for any
excess cost over net realizable value of inventory components.  

In
addition, the Company determines whether its inventory is obsolete by analyzing the sales history of its inventory, sales orders
on hand and indications from the Company s customers as to the future of various parts or programs. If, in the Company s
determination, the inventory value has become impaired, the Company adjusts the inventory value to the amount the Company estimates
as the ultimate net realizable value for that inventory. Actual customer requirements in any future periods are inherently uncertain
and thus may differ from our estimates. The Company performs its lower of cost or market testing, as well as its excess or obsolete
inventory analyses, quarterly.  

The
Company has no specific timeline to dispose of its remaining obsolete inventory and intends to sell this obsolete inventory from
time to time, as market conditions allow.  

Goodwill
Impairment:    

The
Company evaluates the valuation of its goodwill according to the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
350 to determine if the current value of goodwill has been impaired. The Company believes that its stock price is not necessarily
an indicator of the Company s value given its limited trading volume and its wide price fluctuations. The Company has also
adopted Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2011-08,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350).  With ASU No. 2011-08,
an entity is given the option to make a qualitative evaluation of goodwill impairment to determine whether it should calculate
the fair value of its reporting unit. In the fiscal 2016 fourth quarter, the Company made its qualitative evaluation of its goodwill
considering, among other things, the overall macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance
and other relevant company specific events. Based on this qualitative evaluation, the Company concluded that it was more likely
than not that its goodwill was not impaired and that it wasn t required to calculate the fair value of its reporting unit.
If the Company has changes in events or circumstances, including reductions in anticipated cash flows generated by its operations,
goodwill could become impaired which would result in a charge to earnings.  

Deferred
Taxes:   

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. A deferred tax valuation allowance is set up should the realization
of any deferred taxes become less likely than not to occur. The valuation allowance is analyzed periodically by the Company and
may result in income tax expense being different than statutory rates. The Company established a valuation allowance in fiscal
2016 as it believes it is more likely than not that it will not fully realize the benefit of certain of its tax assets. Currently,
the Company s deferred tax assets consists primarily of the temporary accruals that will reverse in future years as well
as tax credits.  

Revenue
Recognition:   

The
Company considers its revenue recognition policy to fall under the guidance of FASB s conceptual framework for revenue recognition.
The Company recognizes revenue only after: (a) The Company has received a purchase order identifying price and delivery terms
or services to be rendered; (b) shipment has occurred, or in the case of services, after the service has been completed; (c) the
Company s price is fixed as evidenced by the purchase order; and (d) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company continually
monitors its accounts receivable for any delinquent or slow paying accounts. The Company believes that based upon its past history
with minimal bad debt write-offs, that all accounts are collectible upon shipment or delivery of services. Credit losses from
customers have been minimal and within management s expectations. Based on management s evaluation of uncollected
accounts receivable, bad debts are provided for on the allowance method. Accounts are considered delinquent if they are 120 days
past due. If an uncollectible account should arise during the year, it would be written-off at the point it was determined to
be uncollectible. The Company mitigates its credit risk by performing periodic credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts.
The Company refers to  net sales  in its consolidated statements of operations as the Company s sales are sometimes
reduced by product returned by its customers.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources:   

The
Company s net working capital at the end of fiscal 2016 was $7,081,000 as compared to $8,828,000 at the end of fiscal 2015.
The decrease was due in large measure to the Company being required by its bank to keep $1,250,000 in a deposit account maintained
by the bank. Since the Company has no right of withdrawal, the restricted cash is classified as a long-term asset and therefore
not an element of working capital. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities increased to 2.86 to 1.0 at August 28, 2016
from 2.79 to 1.0 as both current assets and current liabilities decreased by roughly the same percentages which led to the small
increase. The Company generated $2,978,000, $3,241,000 and $3,925,000 in cash from operations in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

In
fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, additions to property, plant and equipment either by cash or financing were $392,000 and $1,584,000,
respectively. In fiscal 2015, of the $1,584,000 in additions, $1,392,000 was acquired using financing arrangements.  

In
fiscal 2015, the Company added three milling machines in the Company s third quarter for a new program in its recreational
powersports business. There were no major pieces of equipment acquired during fiscal 2016 and 2014.  

At
August 26, 2016, the Company amended and modified its revolving loan and term loan agreements with its bank. Under the revolving
loan agreement the Company can borrow up to $1 million in revolving loans. Both agreements expire on February 28, 2017 and are
collateralized by all assets of the Company. The revolving loan agreement carries an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2%. Both agreements
also contain restrictive provisions requiring a minimum year-to-date earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA) measured quarterly, a minimum liquidity, a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio, as well as a debt service coverage
ratio. In addition, the Company is required to keep $1,250,000 in a deposit account maintained by the bank. Since the Company
has no right of withdrawal, and the account is to serve as collateral for outstanding debt obligations, restricted cash has been
excluded from cash and cash equivalents. No balances were owed at August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015 on the credit line.  

The
Company s total debt was $8,343,000 at August 28, 2016 which consisted of a mortgage on its building of $3,676,000 and debt
secured by production equipment of $4,667,000. Current maturities of long-term debt at August 28, 2016 consist of $1,386,000 due
on equipment related debt and $172,000 on its building related debt. During fiscal 2016, the Company made principal payments on
its debt of $1,527,000. It is management s belief that the combination of its current cash balance, its internally generated
funds, as well as its revolving line of credit will be sufficient to enable the Company to meet its financial requirements during
fiscal 2017.  

Results
of Operations:   

The
Company s sales decreased 18% in fiscal 2016 as compared to increases of 1% in fiscal 2015 and 26% fiscal 2014, respectively.
Net sales in fiscal 2016 were approximately $35.2 million as compared to $43.0 million in fiscal 2015 and $42.7 million in fiscal
2014.  

Sales
in fiscal 2016 decreased 18% as compared to the prior two fiscal years which experienced increases of 1% and 26%, respectively.
In fiscal 2016, sales were negatively affected by a 15% decrease in sales in the recreational powersports business as well as
an 88% decrease in the level of energy business. These two declining factors were partially offset by an increase in the Company s
automotive business. In prior fiscal years 2015 and 2014, sales increases in recreational powersports business and automotive
market were partially offset by decreases in the energy business. Sales to the recreational powersports vehicle market totaled
approximately 90%, 86% and 80% of total sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Sales to the energy industry totaled
approximately 1%, 7% and 12% of sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Sales to the aerospace/avionics/defense markets
totaled approximately 5% of total sales in each of fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Sales to the automotive industries
totaled 3% and 1% in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. Sales to the bioscience and other industries amounted to approximately
1% - 2% of total sales in each of fiscal years 2014   2016.  

The
following is a reconciliation of sales by major market:  

In
fiscal 2016, sales in the recreational powersports business decreased 15% with a decrease in one product line due primarily to
the Company s main customer dual sourcing that product line, offset by increases in another product line due to increased
demand. The increase in sales in the recreational vehicle market in fiscal 2015 resulted from the overall increase in demand from
the Company s largest customer for the parts the Company supplies as well as new programs that had been awarded and started
in fiscal 2015.  

Sales
from the Company s aerospace and defense markets were down 16% in fiscal 2016 and 7% in fiscal 2015. The Company believes
the year to year changes are attributable to a general softening in demand for the products that the Company supplies to its customers.  

Sales
from the Company s energy business continued to decrease in fiscal 2016 with year over year sales down 88%. In fiscal 2015,
sales were down 41% as compared to the prior year. All of the Company s customers in the energy market have their own internal
machining capabilities and therefore the Company s sales are generated primarily when their customers have limited machining
capacity and need to outsource. Circumstances such as a low price for oil will tend to drive machining in house and therefore
lower the Company s sales. This fact tends to create volatility in the Company s sales to the energy industry on top
of an energy market that has volatile tendencies.  

Sales
to the Company s automotive business increased 134% in fiscal 2016 and 309% in fiscal 2015. Much of the sales increase in
fiscal 2016 came from programs that appear to be sporadic in nature, and it is unclear to the Company how much of the existing
automotive business will repeat in future periods.  

Sales
to the Company s bioscience and other markets are relatively small as sales from these markets only amount to approximately
1% - 2% of total sales. The fluctuations in these markets have been minimal in the last two fiscal years.  

The
Company s gross margin decreased to 8.3% in fiscal 2016 from 10.0% in fiscal 2015 while fiscal 2014 gross margins were at
12.6%. The decreases in both fiscal 2016 and 2015 were attributable to lower levels of business which led to excess capacity and
a higher percentage of sales in fixed costs such as depreciation. The lower level of sales also caused manufacturing inefficiencies
which created a drag on gross margins.  

The
Company s margins can also vary widely depending on whether the Company purchases its raw material or whether raw material
is provided or consigned to them by its customer. Generally, the Company will experience a higher gross margin percentage of sales
where material has been consigned or provided by the customer. Therefore, in any particular quarter or year, the Company s
gross margin can vary depending on the mix of parts sold and whether those parts had material that was purchased or had material
that had been consigned to them.  

No
significant sales of obsolete items occurred in fiscal years 2014 through 2016 and, correspondingly, no significant gross margin
was recognized.  

Selling
and administrative expense has remained steady from fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2016 with $3,012,000 incurred in fiscal 2016 and
$2,972,000 and $3,077,000 spent in fiscal 2015 and 2104, respectively. Any change from year to year results primarily from fluctuations
in incentive compensation and profit sharing expense, if any, as well as overall payroll costs. The Company also incurred professional
service expense in each of those three fiscal years in connection with its analysis of internal controls over financial reporting
as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as well as requirements related to Conflict Minerals Reporting as required under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  

Interest
expense in fiscal 2016 decreased $38,000 to $308,000 from fiscal 2015, due primarily to a lower average level of debt as well
as a lower overall interest rate. Interest expense in fiscal 2015 decreased $64,000 to $346,000 from fiscal 2014 also due primarily
to those same reasons.  

The
Company s effective tax rate in its year ended August 28, 2016 was a negative (146.2%) as compared to 1.5% in the year ended
August 30, 2015 and 36.0% in the year ended August 31, 2014, respectively. During the current fiscal year, the Company hired an
outside consulting firm to conduct an analysis to determine if certain activities the Company performs qualifies for the Research
  Development tax credit (R D credit) as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 41. As a result of the analysis, the
Company determined that it is performing activities that qualify for the R D credit, and during the fiscal year 2016 recognized
tax benefits related to R D tax credits from several prior years which lowered the overall effective tax rate. In addition,
during the Company s fiscal second quarter, the Federal R D tax credit law was retroactively renewed for calendar year
2015 and also made permanent going forward. Since for calendar year 2015 the law was enacted retroactively, any effects are recognized
as a component of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations in the financial statements in the interim period that
the law was enacted, which in this case was the Company s fiscal 2016 second quarter. The Company believes that it has recognized
R D tax benefits for all prior years to the extent possible.   

Caution
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

Statements
included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, in future filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the Company s
press releases and in oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer which are not historical or current
facts are  forward-looking statements.  These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date made and are not predictions of actual future results. Forward-looking statements
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and
those presently anticipated or projected. These risks and uncertainties are described above under Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

Not
applicable.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

See
Consolidated Financial Statements section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page 22, attached hereto, which consolidated
financial statements are incorporated herein by reference.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

None.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation,
Benjamin T. Rashleger, the chief executive officer, and Paul D. Sheely, the chief financial officer, have concluded that as of
August 28, 2016 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting    

There
have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended August 28, 2016
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

The
management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The management of the Company also is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. A company s
internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.  

Management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that the Company s internal controls
will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Further, over time control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

The
Company s management hired an outside consulting firm to assist it in the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of August 28, 2016 based upon the framework in Internal Control  Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of that evaluation,
our management has concluded that, as of August 28, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Item
9B. Other Information.  

None.  

PART III  

Pursuant to General Instruction E (3), the
Company omits Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14, as a definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Commission pursuant
to Regulation 14(a) within 120 days after August 28, 2016 and such information required by such items is incorporated herein by
reference from the proxy statement. 

PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits. 

(a)  
      Documents filed
    as part of this report.   

1.  
      Consolidated Financial
    Statements: Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements (page 20) hereinafter contained for all Consolidated
    Financial Statements.   

2.  
      Exhibits.   

Exhibit
    No.  
       
      Description   

10.14  
       
      Amended and Restated
    Revolving Credit Promissory Note dated February 1, 2011 in the principal amount of $1,000,000 by WSI Industries, Inc. in favor
    of M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank (now BMO Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant s
    Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2011.   

10.15  
       
      Amended and Restated
    Security Agreement dated February 1, 2011 by and between WSI Industries, Inc. and M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank (now
    BMO Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended
    August 28, 2011.   

10.16  
       
      Amended and Restated
    Security Agreement dated February 1, 2011 by and between Taurus Numeric Tool, Inc. and M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank
    (now BMO Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year
    ended August 28, 2011.   

10.17  
       
      Amended and Restated
    Security Agreement dated February 1, 2011 by and between WSI Rochester, Inc. and M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank (now BMO
    Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended August
    28, 2011.   

10.18  
       
      Guaranty dated February
    1, 2011 by and WSI Rochester, Inc. and M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank (now BMO Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated by reference
    from Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2011.   

10.19  
       
      Guaranty dated February
    1, 2011 by and between Taurus Numeric Tool, Inc. and M I Marshall   Ilsley Bank (now BMO Harris Bank N.A.). Incorporated
    by reference from Exhibit 10.29 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2011.    

10.20  
       
      First Amendment
    and Modification of Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note, Loan Agreement and Reaffirmation of Guaranties dated February
    1, 2012 and incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 15, 2012.   

10.21  
       
      Second Amendment
    and Modification of Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note, Loan Agreement and Reaffirmation of Guaranties, and Amended
    and Restated Revolving Credit Promissory Note dated January 30, 2013 by and among WSI Industries, Inc., WSI Industries, Co.,
    WSI Rochester, Inc. and BMO Harris Bank, N.A. Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K
    dated January 30, 2013.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.   

BY:  
       /s/
    Benjamin T. Rashleger    

Benjamin T. Rashleger    

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

BY:  
       /s/
    Paul D. Sheely    

Paul D. Sheely   

Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer
    and Treasurer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

DATE: November 4, 2016 

Each person whose signature appears below
hereby constitutes and appoints Benjamin T. Rashleger and Paul D. Sheely, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution, to sign on his behalf, individually and in each capacity stated below, all amendments
to this Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as each might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming each act that said attorneys-in-fact and agents may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/
    Benjamin T. Rashleger   
       
      President, Chief
    Executive Officer and Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      Benjamin T. Rashleger  

/s/
    Michael J. Pudil   
       
      Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      Michael J. Pudil  

/s/
    Thomas C. Bender   
       
      Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      Thomas C. Bender  

/s/
    Burton F. Myers II    
       
      Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      Burton F. Myers II  

/s/
    James D. Hartman   
       
      Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      James D. Hartman  

/s/
    Jack R. Veach   
       
      Director  
       
      November
    4, 2016   
 
      Jack R. Veach  

INDEX
TO  
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 WSI Industries, Inc. 

 Monticello, Minnesota 

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets
of WSI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of
income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 28, 2016. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of WSI Industries,
Inc. and Subsidiaries as of August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year period ended August 28, 2016, in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/
    Schechter Dokken Kanter   

Andrews   Selcer Ltd.  

Minneapolis, Minnesota   

November 4, 2016  

WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.  
 AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 
AUGUST 28, 2016 AND AUGUST 30, 2015 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.  
 AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 28, 2016, AUGUST 30, 2015 AND AUGUST 31, 2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.  
 AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 YEARS
ENDED AUGUST 28, 2016, AUGUST 30, 2015 AND AUGUST 31, 2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

WSI
INDUSTRIES, INC.    
  AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 28, 2016, AUGUST 30, 2015 AND AUGUST 31, 2014 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

WSI INDUSTRIES, INC.  
 AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 28, 2016, AUGUST 30, 2015 AND AUGUST 31, 2014 

1.   
       SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Business Description
   WSI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) is involved in the precision contract metal machining business
primarily serving the recreational vehicle, energy, aerospace/avionics and bioscience industries. 

Fiscal Year
 - WSI Industries, Inc. s fiscal years represent a 52- to 53-week period ending the last Sunday in August. Fiscal 2014
consisted of 53 weeks while fiscal 2015 and 2016 each consisted of 52 weeks. 

Basis of Presentation
 - The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of WSI Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All material intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Cash and Cash
Equivalents  - Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits with financial institutions and short-term,
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. At times bank balances may exceed federally insured
limits. The Company has experienced no losses with this practice. Cash equivalents are carried at cost plus accrued interest which
approximates fair value. 

Inventories
 - Inventory costs are determined using the average cost method and consist of material, direct labor, and manufacturing overhead.
They are valued at the lower of cost or market by comparing the cost of each item in inventory to its most recent sales price
or sales order price. Inventory cost is adjusted down for any excess of cost over the net realizable value of inventory components. 

In addition, the
Company determines whether its inventory is excess and obsolete by analyzing the sales history of its inventory, sales orders
on hand and indications from the Company s customers as to the future of various parts or programs. If, in the Company s
determination, the inventory value has become impaired, the Company adjusts the inventory value to the amount the Company estimates
as the ultimate net realizable value for that inventory. The Company performs its lower of cost or market testing, as well as
its excess or obsolete inventory analyses, quarterly. 

Property, plant,
equipment and depreciation and amortization  - The cost of substantially all machinery and equipment, and buildings and improvements
are being depreciated using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows: 

Machinery
    and equipment  
      3
    to 7 years   
 
      Building
    and improvements  
      15
    to 40 years   

Restricted cash
-  The Company is currently required to keep cash in a deposit account maintained by its Bank. Since the Company has no right
of withdrawal, and the account is to serve as collateral for outstanding debt obligations, restricted cash has been excluded from
cash and cash equivalents and classified as long-term. 

Long-lived Assets
-  The Company evaluates long-term assets on a periodic basis in compliance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
360,  Accounting for the Impairment of Long-lived Assets  when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amount. If the undiscounted cash flows
are less than the carrying amount, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount the carrying value of the assets exceeds
their fair value determined primarily through the present value of estimated future cash flows. 

Goodwill -  The
Company assesses the valuation of its goodwill according to the provisions of ASC 350 to determine if the current value of goodwill
has been impaired. The Company has also adopted Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2011-08,  Intangibles Goodwill and
Other (Topic 350).  With ASU No. 2011-08, an entity is given the option to make a qualitative evaluation of goodwill impairment
to determine whether it should calculate the fair value of its reporting unit. In the fiscal 2016 fourth quarter, the Company
made its qualitative evaluation of its goodwill considering, among other things, the overall macroeconomic conditions, industry
and market considerations, overall financial performance and other relevant company specific events. Based on this qualitative
evaluation, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that its goodwill was not impaired and that it wasn t
required to calculate the fair value of its reporting unit. If the Company has changes in events or circumstances, including reductions
in anticipated cash flows generated by our operations, goodwill could become impaired which would result in a charge to earnings. 

Income Taxes
 - The determination of the Company s income tax-related account balances requires the exercise of significant judgment
by management. Accordingly, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the difference between financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Management assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income
and establishes a valuation allowance when management believes recovery is unlikely. 

Revenue Recognition
 - Revenues from sales of product are recorded generally upon shipment. The Company considers its revenue recognition policy
to fall under the guidance of FASB s conceptual framework for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue only after:
(a) the Company has received a purchase order identifying price and delivery terms or services to be rendered; (b) shipment has
occurred, or in the case of services, after the service has been completed; (c) the Company s price is fixed as evidenced
by the purchase order; and (d) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company refers to its revenues as  net sales 
in its Consolidated Statements of Income as the Company s sales are reduced for any product returned by customers. 

The Company generally
does not require collateral on its trade receivables. The maximum loss that the Company would incur if a customer failed to pay
amounts owed would be limited to the recorded amount due after any allowances provided. Credit losses relating to customers have
been minimal and within management s expectations. Based on management s evaluation of uncollected accounts receivable
throughout the year, bad debts are provided for on the allowance method. Accounts are considered delinquent if they are 120 days
past due. The Company mitigates its credit risk by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts. 

Freight costs
   The Company includes freight, shipping and handling costs, in the cost of goods sold. 

Use of Estimate s
- The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States of America generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made in those financial statements consist of estimates
related to the impairment of goodwill, the evaluation of excess or obsolete inventory and the valuation allowance connected to
the deferred tax assets. 

Earnings per
Share    Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted
earnings per share is computed using the combination of dilutive common share equivalents and the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding. 

Stock-based
compensation  - The following information has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its stock options under the
fair value method of ASC 718. The fair value for these options was estimated, for the purpose of determining compensation, at
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions as set forth in the table below.
The estimated fair value of the options is amortized to expense over the options  vesting period. 

ASC 718 also requires
the benefit of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost to be reported as a financing cash flow, rather than an
operating cash flow under current accounting literature. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09),  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  to clarify the
principles for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict
the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature, amount, timing,
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Additionally, qualitative and quantitative disclosures
are required about customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to
obtain or fulfill a contract. The requirements are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 using
either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each
prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative
effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures)..
Early adoption is not permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the amended revenue recognition guidance on our financial statements. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-01 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise
from operating leases. A lessee should recognize in its balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months
or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the
earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption
of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  .
The standard requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet rather than being
separated into current and noncurrent. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted and the standard may be applied either retrospectively or on a prospective
basis to all deferred tax assets and liabilities. We early adopted ASU 2015-17 during our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 on
a prospective basis. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification
involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized
as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update will be effective
for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting guidance will have on its financial statements and
footnote disclosures. 

2.   
       INVENTORIES    

Inventories
consist primarily of raw material, work-in-process (WIP) and finished goods valued at the lower of cost or market value:  

Long-term debt
consists of the following: 

The Company expanded
its Monticello, Minnesota facility during fiscal 2013 which increased the total facility size to approximately 107,000 square
feet. The expansion cost approximately $3.8 million which was paid for by a combination of cash on hand and a new mortgage agreement
with its bank which was finalized in May 2013. The new mortgage was for $4.2 million, which satisfied the original mortgage of
$1.1 million and provided the Company $3.1 million to use toward the building expansion project. The mortgage carries an interest
rate of 2.843%, requires monthly payments of $22,964 based on a 20 year amortization schedule and matures on May 8, 2018. The
mortgage is secured by all assets of the Company. 

Maturities of long-term
debt are as follows: 

Included in the
consolidated balance sheet at August 28, 2016 are cost and accumulated depreciation on equipment subject to capitalized leases
of $9,510,889 and $5,086,481 respectively. At August 30, 2015, the amounts were $10,433,179 and $4,617,133, respectively. The
capital leases carry interest rates from 3.5% to 5.2% and mature from 2017   2022. 

The present value
of the net minimum payments on capital leases which is included in long-term debt as of August 28, 2016 is as follows: 

Line of Credit:  

At August 26, 2016,
the Company amended and modified its Revolving Line of Credit with its bank. Under the agreement the Company can borrow up to
$1 million. The agreement expires on February 28, 2017, is collateralized by all assets of the Company and carries an interest
rate of LIBOR plus 2%. The agreement also contains restrictive provisions requiring a minimum year-to-date earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) measured quarterly, a minimum liquidity, a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio,
as well as a debt service coverage ratio. In addition, the Company is required to keep $1,250,000 in a deposit account maintained
by the bank. Since the Company has no right of withdrawal, and the account is to serve as collateral for outstanding debt obligations,
restricted cash has been excluded from cash and cash equivalents. At August 28, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these
provisions. There were no amounts outstanding related to its revolving credit agreement at August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015,
respectively. 

4.   
       FAIR
    VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

The carrying amounts
of financial instruments, including cash and equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and current maturities
on long-term debt obligations approximates fair values due to their short term nature. Interest on long-term debt is primarily
at fixed rates which do not differ significantly from approximate market rates at August 28, 2016. 

5.   
       STOCK-BASED
    COMPENSATION    

Stock Options
 - The 2005 Stock Option Plan was approved and 800,000 shares of common stock were reserved for granting of options to officers,
key employees and directors. The Plan has been renewed by the Company s shareholders for a term of 10 years and will expire
in 2025. Stock options vest over a period of six months to three years. 

Option transactions
during the three years ended August 28, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

Of the 29,500 and
26,915 stock options from the 2005 Plan that were exercised in fiscal 2015and 2014, 18,443 and 18,539 shares were returned to
the Company to pay for the exercise price and for related payroll withholding taxes, respectively. 

The weighted fair
value of options granted during the years ended August 28, 2016, August 30, 2015 and August 31, 2014 was $1.05, $2.57 and $3.20,
respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years August 30, 2015 and August 30, 2014 was $85,705 and
$58,087, respectively. The intrinsic value for all options outstanding at August 28, 2016 was $0. 

Cash received from
option exercises for years ended August 30, 2015 and August 31, 2014 was $8,520 and $13,840, respectively. The actual tax benefit
realized for the tax deductions from option exercises totaled $15,885 for fiscal year 2015. 

As of August 28,
2016, there was $111,299 of total unearned compensation cost related to option-based compensation arrangements to be recognized
over an expected weighted average of 1 year. 

As of August 28,
2016, there were 8,000 shares with an exercise price of $2.13, 25,000 shares with exercise prices between $3.00 and $3.47, 96,500
options outstanding with exercise prices between $4.37 and $4.44, 78,500 options outstanding with exercise prices between $4.93
and $5.39 and 207,001 with exercise prices between $5.84 and $7.45. At August 28, 2016, outstanding options had a weighted-average
remaining contractual life of 6.4 years. 

The number of options
exercisable as of August 28, 2016, August 30, 2015 and August 31, 2014 were 318,830, 267,748 and 228,747, respectively, at weighted
average share prices of $5.46, $5.49 and $4.97 per share, respectively. At August 26, 2016, there were 96,171 options that had
not vested. The aggregate intrinsic values of options exercisable as of August 28,2016, August 30, 2015 and August 31, 2014 was
$0, $33,059 and $601,419, respectively, with weighted-average remaining contractual lives of 5.8, 6.3 and 6.1 years. 

The Company can
also grant non-vested restricted shares as part of the 2005 Stock Option Plan. These shares typically vest over a three year period
and sometimes contain required minimum threshold levels before the shares are earned. Non-vested restricted share transactions
during the three years ended August 28, 2016 are as follows: 

As of August 28,
2016, there was $0 in total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock compensation arrangements granted
under the Plan. 

6.   
       INCOME
    TAXES    

Income taxes consisted
of the following: 

A reconciliation
of the federal income tax provision at the statutory rate with actual taxes provided on earnings from continuing operations is
as follows: 

Deferred income
taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company s assets and
liabilities. Temporary differences comprising the net deferred taxes on the balance sheet are as follows: 

The Company s
effective tax rate in its year ended August 28, 2016 was a negative (146.2%) as compared to 1.5% in the year ended August 30,
2015 and 36.0% in the year ended August 31, 2014, respectively. During the current fiscal year, the Company hired an outside consulting
firm to conduct an analysis to determine if certain activities the Company performs qualifies for the Research   Development
tax credit (R D credit) as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 41. As a result of the analysis, the Company determined
that it is performing activities that qualify for the R D credit, and during the fiscal year 2016 recognized tax benefits
related to R D tax credits from several prior years which lowered the overall effective tax rate. In addition, during the
Company s fiscal second quarter, the Federal R D tax credit law was retroactively renewed for calendar year 2015 and
also made permanent going forward. Since for calendar year 2015 the law was enacted retroactively, any effects are recognized
as a component of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations in the financial statements in the interim period that
the law was enacted, which in this case was the Company s fiscal 2016 second quarter. The Company believes that it has recognized
R D tax benefits for all prior years to the extent possible. 

As of August 28,
2016, the Company has federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of approximately $404,000 and approximately $129,000
in federal R D tax credit carryforwards. The Company also has $194,000 in state R D tax credit carryforwards and $25,000
in State alternative minimum tax credit carry forwards. The R D tax credit carryforwards that are related to State jurisdictions
begin to expire starting in 2017. The federal R D tax credits begin to expire in 2022 while the alternative minimum tax credit
carry forwards do not expire. 

The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject
to federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2012. The Company classifies interest and penalties
arising from unrecognized income tax positions in income tax expense if they occur. At August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015, the
Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

As previously discussed,
the Company has R D tax credits related to State jurisdictions. These credits can be carried forward for fifteen years before
they expire. The Company applies the accounting standard for recognition of deferred tax assets pursuant to a more-likely-than-not
threshold. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that some of its  State R D tax credits will expire
before they can be utilized. Due to this, the Company established a valuation allowance of $21,212 at August 28, 2016. The Company
also applies the more-likely-than-not accounting standard for uncertain tax positions to determine the recognition and derecognition
of uncertain tax positions. Once the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, the amount of benefit to be recognized is the largest
amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being ultimately realized upon settlement. It further requires
that a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions be recognized in earnings in
the period of such a change. Below is a summary of uncertain tax positions: 

The Company does
not believe there will be significant changes to the estimates in the next 12 month period. Due to the complexity of some of these
uncertainties, the ultimate settlement may result in payments that are different from our current estimate of tax liabilities,
resulting in the recognition of additional charges or benefits to income tax expense. 

7.   
       EMPLOYEE
    BENEFITS    

The Company maintains
a 401(k) retirement savings plan that all employees are eligible to participate in as well as a profit sharing plan. Profit sharing
contributions are discretionary and are based on Company results. Contributions charged to operations for the profit sharing plan
and matching contributions for the 401(k) plan for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, were $190,084, $260,727 and $321,337, respectively. 

8.   
       INFORMATION
    CONCERNING SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS    

The Company had
sales to one customer that exceeded 10 percent of total sales during fiscal year 2016. Sales in each of fiscal year 2016, 2015
and 2014 for that customer are listed below: 

The Company had
accounts receivable from the customer of $2,874,000 and $2,566,000 at August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015, respectively. Realization
of these receivables, sale of inventory, and its future operations could be significantly affected by adverse changes in the financial
condition or the Company s relationship with this customer. 

9.   
       EARNINGS
    PER SHARE    

The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

Stock options to
purchase 397,001 and 226,501 shares of common stock were outstanding during the years ended August 28, 2016 and August 30, 2015,
respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted income per share. The inclusion of these options would have
been anti-dilutive as the options  exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the Company s common
shares during the relevant period. 

Other assets consist
of goodwill which resulted from costs from business acquisitions which total $2,368,452 (net of accumulated amortization of $344,812
recorded prior to the adoption of ASC 350  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ) as well as deferred financing costs of
$6,684 (net of accumulated amortization of $13,368) incurred in connection with the mortgage discussed in Note 3. 

11.   
       CLAIMS
    AND CONTINGENCIES    

The Company is
exposed to a number of asserted and unasserted claims encountered in the ordinary course of business. Although the outcome of
any such claim cannot be predicted, management believes that there are no pending legal proceedings or claims against or involving
the Company for which the outcome is likely to have a material adverse effect upon its financial position or results of operations. 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1  

Subsidiaries of WSI
Industries, Inc.  

Name 
       
     State of Incorporation 
       
     Percent Owned 

WSI Industries, Co. 
       
     Minnesota 

100 
     %  

WSI Rochester, Inc. (Inactive) 
       
     Minnesota 

100 
     %  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1  

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-78491, 033-58565, 333-133012, 333-155768, 333-171631 and 333-203325) of our
report dated November 4, 2016 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of WSI Industries, Inc. included
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2016. 

/s/
    Schechter Dokken Kanter    

Andrews   Selcer
    Ltd   

Minneapolis, Minnesota  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Benjamin T. Rashleger, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed
    this Form 10-K of WSI Industries, Inc.   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;    

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
    within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
    to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):    

(a)  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and    

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 4, 2016  
       /s/
    Benjamin T. Rashleger    

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Paul D. Sheely, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K of WSI Industries, Inc.   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;    

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and    

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and    

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 4, 2016   
       /s/
    Paul D. Sheely    

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION  

The undersigned certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, that: 

(1) The accompanying Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period ended August 28, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
    November 4, 2016  
       /s/
    Benjamin T. Rashleger    

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November
    4, 2016  
       /s/
    Paul D. Sheely    

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 wsci-20160828.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wsci-20160828.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wsci-20160828_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wsci-20160828_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wsci-20160828_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wsci-20160828_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

