<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1552743_0001078782-16-003780_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1433755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53579</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>108028</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>263205</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>523637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>428630</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003780.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114162312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENVIROMART COMPANIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				455529607
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54758
		FILM NUMBER:		161995079

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 WILDER DRIVE #7
		CITY:			PLAISTOW
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03865
		BUSINESS PHONE:		603-378-0809

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 WILDER DRIVE #7
		CITY:			PLAISTOW
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03865

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 5 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120621

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003780.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q093016_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS  SION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-Q  
     
    X   .  
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
   
          .  
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from ____________ to____________ 
   
   Commission File Number:   000-54758   
   
   The Enviromart Companies, Inc.    
 (Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter) 

160 Summit Ave  
  Montvale, NJ 07645  
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
   201-782-0889    
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   X   .  No         .  
   
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     X   .  No           .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
            .  
   Accelerated filer  
            .  
  
   Non-accelerated filer  
            .  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
   Smaller reporting company 
      X   .  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   X   .  No         .  
   
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  
   
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
   
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date:   

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements contain forward-looking statements that discuss, among other things, future expectations and projections regarding future developments, operations and financial conditions. All forward-looking statements are based on management s existing beliefs about present and future events outside of management s control and on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. If any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or intended. 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
   4 
  
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and 2015 (Unaudited) 
   5 
  
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and 2015 (Unaudited) 
   6 
  
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
   14 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
   17 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  
   17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
   18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
   18 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
   18 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  
   18 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
   18 

Item 5. Other Information  
   18 

Item 6. Exhibits  
   19 

3 

THE ENVIROMART COMPANIES, INC.  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

THE ENVIROMART COMPANIES, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5 

THE ENVIROMART COMPANIES, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

6 

THE ENVIROMART COMPANIES, INC.  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
     
  NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  
   
 The Enviromart Companies, Inc. and subsidiary (the  Company ), formerly known as Environmental Science and Technologies, Inc., was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2012. On June 21, 2013, the Company completed an acquisition of intangible assets comprised of intellectual property and trademarks from its former Chief Executive Officer. In conjunction with the acquisition of the intangible assets, the Company commenced operations.  
   
 As of January 2, 2015, the Company s business was operated through its wholly-owned subsidiary, EnviroPack Technologies, Inc. Effective on or about January 15, 2015, the Company changed its name to The Enviromart Companies, and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, EnviroPack Technologies, Inc., changed its name to Enviromart Industries, Inc. The Company s other wholly owned subsidiaries are currently inactive. 
   
 On February 16, 2016, The Rushcap Group, Inc. ( Rushcap ), an affiliate of Mark Shefts (then a significant shareholder), notified us that, effective March 31, 2016, it was discontinuing its funding of our wholly owned subsidiary under the Inventory Financing Agreement dated June 19, 2015.  
   
 On March 21, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Michael R. Rosa, founder and a significant shareholder, and Enviromart Industries, Inc., its sole operating subsidiary, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer to Mr. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc. 
   
 In consideration for the transfer of the operating subsidiary to Mr. Rosa, he surrendered to us all 13,657,500 shares of the Company s common stock then owned by him, which shares were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. In addition, Mr. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc. agreed to assume and discharge any and all of the Company s liabilities existing as the closing date, of which there was none, as all of the Company s operations have been conducted through Enviromart Industries, Inc. (its sole operating subsidiary). 
   
 The above described purchase and sale transaction closed on July 21, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, and was approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders by written consent on May 4, 2016. As a result of the completion of the purchase and sale transaction, the Company s operating business has been discontinued, and it is focusing on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
 Accordingly, the Company now has only minimal assets and liabilities. Its operations are focused on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. From and after the sale, unless and until the Company completes an acquisition, its expenses are expected to consist solely of legal, accounting and compliance costs, including those related to complying with reporting obligations under the Securities and Exchange act of 1934. 
   
  NOTE 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
   
 These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the December 31, 2015 audited financial statements filed with the SEC on April 14, 2016. 

7 

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN  
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, although the Company has generated a gain from the sale of its discontinued operations, thus far it has been unable to generate cash flows sufficient to support its operations and has been dependent on debt and equity financing. In addition to negative cash flow from operations, the Company has experienced recurring net losses, and has an accumulated deficit of $1,032,197 as of September 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 In order to ameliorate this liquidity deficiency, on July 21, 2016, the Company transferred to Michael R. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc., its sole operating subsidiary. See Note 1, Organization and Description of Business. 
   
  NOTE 4. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Principles of Consolidation  
   
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enviromart Industries, Inc. (f/k/a EnviroPack Technologies, Inc.), which was consolidated through March 31, 2016 and the results of its operations are shown as discontinued operations. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. 
   
  Accounts Receivable  
   
 In the normal course of business, the Company extended credit to customers that satisfy defined credit criteria. Accounts receivable is recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value, and is presented in the Company's unaudited consolidated balance sheets net of any allowance for doubtful accounts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an allowance for doubtful accounts of $-0- and $4,277, respectively, had been recorded. 
   
  Inventory  
   
 The Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value, with cost primarily determined on a weighted-average cost basis on the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method. The Company continuously evaluates the composition of its inventory, assessing slow-turning product. Estimated realizable value of inventory is determined based on an analysis of historical sales trends of our individual products, the impact of market trends and economic conditions, and a forecast of future demand, giving consideration to the value of current orders in-house relating to the future sales of inventory. Estimates may differ from actual results due to quantity, quality, and mix of products in inventory, customer demand, and market conditions. The Company s historical estimates of these costs and any provisions have not differed materially from actual results. Any reserves for inventory shrinkage, representing the risk of physical loss of inventory, are adjusted based upon physical inventory counts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an inventory reserve of $-0- and $52,147, respectively, had been recorded. 
   
   Concentration of Risk   
   
  Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company has in the past occasionally maintained amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limits. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions.  

8 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no individually significant customers.  
   
   Machinery and Equipment   
   
 Equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful life of depreciable assets, which is three years for machinery and equipment. 
   
  Long-lived Assets  
   
 Machinery and equipment, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be recoverable, or are less than their fair value. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, the Company uses its best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of such asset and its fair value, considering external market participant assumptions. Assets to be disposed of and for which there is a committed plan of disposal are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. As of September 30, 2016, all deferred tax assets continue to be fully reserved. 
   
  Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Share  
   
 Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income/loss available to common stockholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Weighted average number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted loss per share is considered the same as the effect of dilutive shares is anti-dilutive for all periods presented. As of September 30, 2016 and, 2015, there were -0- common stock equivalents, not included in dilutive earnings per share as their effect is anti-dilutive. 
   
  Revenue Recognition  
   
 Revenue is recognized across all segments of the business when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, price has been fixed or is determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized at the time title passes and risk of loss is transferred to customers. 
   
  Sales Reserves and Uncollectible Accounts  
   
 A significant area of judgment affecting reported revenue and net income is estimating sales reserves, which represent that portion of gross revenues not expected to be realized. In particular, revenue is reduced by estimates of returns, discounts, markdowns, and operational chargebacks. In determining estimates of returns, discounts, markdowns and operational chargebacks, management analyzes current economic and market conditions. We review and refine these estimates on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2016, a sales reserve had not been deemed necessary, and therefore, not recorded. 
   
  Cost of Goods Sold and Selling Expenses  
   
 Cost of goods sold includes the expenses incurred to acquire and produce inventory for sale, including product costs, freight-in, and any import costs, as well as changes in reserves for shrinkage and inventory realizability. Any costs of selling merchandise, including those associated with preparing the merchandise for sale, such as picking, packing, warehousing, and order charges ( handling costs ), are included in general and administrative fees. 

9 

Stock-Based Compensation  
   
 The Company expenses all stock-based payments to employees and non-employee directors based on the grant date fair value of the awards over the requisite service period, adjusted for estimated forfeitures. 
   
  Convertible Notes  
   
 The Company records a discount to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments, as appropriate. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized to noncash interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the related debt to their date of maturity. 
   
 If a security or instrument becomes convertible only upon the occurrence of a future event outside the control of the Company, or, is convertible from inception, but contains conversion terms that change upon the occurrence of a future event, then any contingent beneficial conversion feature is measured and recognized when the triggering event occurs and contingency has been resolved. 
   
  Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards  
   
 Management believes the impact of recently issued standards and updates, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
   
  NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
   
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary rented its facility, on a month to month basis from Michael R. Rosa, who was then a significant shareholder of the Company. The facility consisted of 19,500 square feet of office and warehouse space located in Plaistow, New Hampshire for $10,400 per month from an entity owned beneficially by the Company s former CEO, who was a significant shareholder. The lease was a gross lease under which the landlord paid all taxes, maintenance and repairs, and insurance.  
   
 On July 14, 2014, the Company and its former CEO, Michael R. Rosa, entered into an agreement with Mark Shefts (who is currently a significant shareholder), as follows: 
   
 (1) 
 Mr. Shefts: (i) agreed to provide management advisory services to the Company for a period of one year, for $1,000 per month, (ii) made a $125,000 equity investment into the Company, in exchange for 10 million shares of the Registrant s common stock, (iii) agreed to extend the maturity date of his convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000 until July 15, 2015 and make the note non-interest bearing, and (iv) will have the option of becoming CEO and a member of the board of the Company; 
   
 (2) 
 Mr. Shefts and the Company s former CEO agreed to endeavor for a specified of time to appoint a mutually agreeable person to act as a director of the Company. In the event that Mr. Shefts and the Company s former CEO are unable to agree on a third director, Mr. Shefts would have the right to appoint the third director; 
   
 (3) 
 Michael R Rosa, former CEO of the Company, agreed to surrender approximately 6,692,500 shares of the Registrant s common stock to the treasury, to be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares; and 
   
 (4) 
 Mr. Rosa agreed to accept a promissory note in the amount of $98,268 for amounts he has advanced on behalf of the Company through June 30, 2014. Through December 31, 2014, the amount advanced totaled $153,745 and was included in the consolidated balance sheet as due to officer. This note was issued on January 21, 2015 for $100,000 and is non-interest bearing and matures on July 15, 2016.  
   
 The original Agreement also provided that if the Board of Directors should at any time determine to discontinue the business operations of the Company, then, subject to compliance with applicable laws, the Company would transfer to Michael R. Rosa its discontinued operating businesses, in exchange for his surrendering to the Company all shares of common stock of the Company owned or controlled by him.  
   
 In connection with the foregoing transaction, the Company, on July 14, 2014, sold to Rushcap Group, Inc. (Mark Shefts  designee) (an accredited investor) 10,000,000 shares of its common stock, for aggregate consideration of $125,000 (a per-share price of $.0125). 

10 

On September 26, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with Rushcap Group, Inc. (controlled by Mark Shefts (then a significant shareholder)) to provide a revolving line of credit to purchase inventory to the Company. The maximum borrowing amount under this agreement was originally $300,000, and was increased to $750,000 in May 2015.     As of September 30, 2016, $-0- had been advanced to the company under this agreement, as all amounts were advanced to the operating subsidiary, which we transferred to Michael R. Rosa, as described below. 
   
 On March 24, 2015 the Company awarded its then CFO warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of $.10 per share, subject to vesting annually over a three year period commencing December 31, 2015.  These warrants include a cashless exercise feature.  As part of the transfer of the operating subsidiary, these warrants were cancelled.  See Note 6 Stockholders Equity. 
   
 On March 21, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Michael R. Rosa, founder and then a significant shareholder, and Enviromart Industries, Inc., its sole operating subsidiary, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer to Mr. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc. 
   
 In consideration for the transfer of the operating subsidiary to Mr. Rosa, he surrendered to us all 13,657,500 shares which he controlled, which shares were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. In addition, Mr. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc. have assumed and discharged any and all of the Company s liabilities existing as the closing date, of which there were none, as all of the Company s operations had been conducted through Enviromart Industries, Inc. (its sole operating subsidiary). 
   
 The above described purchase and sale transaction closed on July 21, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, and was approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders by written consent on May 4, 2016. As a result of the completion of the purchase and sale transaction, the Company s operating business has been discontinued, and it is focusing on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
 On July 19, 2016 the Company issued 5,000,000 shares valued at $30,000 to a related party in consideration for his agreement to fund the Company s audit and accounting fees and to provide office space for the Company. 
   
  NOTE 6. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
   
  Private Offering  
   
 During January, 2016, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares to accredited investors related to their stock purchase agreements dated December 31, 2015. 
   
 On January 31, 2016, the Company agreed to sell 100,000 units, with each unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to purchase   shares of common stock at a price of $0.25, to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of $10,000 (a per unit price of $.10). As of March 31, 2016 the Company granted this accredited investor 100,000 warrants related to his unit purchase transactions. Under the terms of the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, these warrants were terminated. 
   
 On June 6, 2016, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,100,000 shares of our common stock to a related party accredited investor for gross proceeds of $12,500 (a per share price of $.006). 
   
  Stock-Based Compensation  
   
 On June 6, 2016, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares to a third party as settlement of liabilities valued at $8,500. There shares were valued at $0.006 per share, resulting in a gain on settlement of $2,895 
   
 On July 19, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares valued at $30,000 to an individual who became a significant stockholder as a result of this transaction in consideration for legal services. 
   
 On July 19, 2016 the Company issued 5,000,000 shares valued at $30,000 to a related party in consideration for his agreement to fund the Company s audit and accounting fees and to provide office space for the Company. 
   
  NOTE 7. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
 Except as disclosed herein, we are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. To the knowledge of our management, except as disclosed herein, no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against us.  

11 

NOTE 8. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  
   
 On February 16, 2016, The Rushcap Group, Inc. ( Rushcap ), an affiliate of Mark Shefts (then a significant shareholder), notified us that, effective March 31, 2016, it was discontinuing its funding of our wholly owned subsidiary under the Inventory Financing Agreement dated June 19, 2015. Rushcap reserved the right to discontinue the funding prior to March 31, 2016, if it so determined. The discontinuation of funding was expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation, as we did not believe that we would be able to timely secure funding to replace the discontinued Inventory Financing. 
   
 In light of the discontinuation of funding, our Board of Directors spent approximately one month assessing the operating company s current business and funding prospects, including whether to transfer the operating subsidiary to Michael R. Rosa, our founder and a significant shareholder, in accordance with that certain Agreement between the Company, Mr. Rosa and Mr. Shefts, dated July 14, 2014 ( Break-up Agreement ). The Break-up Agreement was disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2014, which is incorporated herein by this reference.  
   
 Our Board of Directors concluded that the discontinuation of funding would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation, as it did not believe that it would be able to timely secure funding to replace the discontinued Inventory Financing. 
   
 On March 17, 2016, our Board of Directors approved the sale of our sole operating subsidiary, Enviromart Industries, Inc., to Michael R. Rosa, our founder and a significant shareholder, as contemplated by the Break-up Agreement.  
   
 On March 21, 2016, we entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Michael R. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc., our sole operating subsidiary, pursuant to which we transferred to Mr. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc. 
   
 In consideration for the transfer of the operating subsidiary to Mr. Rosa, he surrendered to us all 13,657,500 shares of the Company s common stock then owned by him, which shares have been returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. In addition, Mr. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc. agreed to assume and discharge any and all of the Company s liabilities existing as the closing date, of which there were none, as all of the Company s operations had been conducted through Enviromart Industries, Inc. (its sole operating subsidiary). 
   
 The above described purchase and sale transaction closed on July 21, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, and was approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders by written consent on May 4, 2016.  
   
 As a result of the completion of the purchase and sale transaction, the Company s operating business has been discontinued, and it is focusing on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
 The assets and liabilities held for discontinued operations presented on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 consisted of the following: 

12 

The income (loss) from discontinued operations presented in the income statement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, consisted of the following: 

13 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
   
  Forward-looking Statements  
   
 Statements made in this Quarterly Report which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements with respect to the goals, plan objectives, intentions, expectations, financial condition, results of operations, future performance and our business, including, without limitation, (i) our ability to raise capital, and (ii) statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words  may,   would,   could,   should,   expects,   projects,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   plans,   intends,   targets  or similar expressions. 
   
 Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including the following: general economic or industry conditions, nationally and/or in the communities in which we may conduct business, changes in the interest rate environment, legislation or regulatory requirements, conditions of the securities markets, our ability to raise capital, changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines, financial or political instability, acts of war or terrorism, other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technical factors affecting our current or potential business and related matters. 
   
 Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 
   
  Overview  
   
 On June 21, 2013, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets from Michael R. Rosa, its then chief executive officer, and commenced business operations. Since completing the acquisition, the Company has raised capital, hired employees, leased space, engaged consultants and advisors, conducted extensive sales and marketing related activities both domestically and internationally, negotiated vendor relationships and engaged seller s representatives.  
   
 As of January 2, 2015, the Company s business was operated through its wholly-owned subsidiary, EnviroPack Technologies, Inc. Effective on or about January 15, 2015, the Company changed its name to The Enviromart Companies, and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, EnviroPack Technologies, Inc., changed its name to Enviromart Industries, Inc.  
   
  Sale of Operating Business  
   
 On February 16, 2016, The Rushcap Group, Inc. ( Rushcap ), an affiliate of Mark Shefts (then a significant shareholder), notified us that, effective March 31, 2016, it was discontinuing its funding of our wholly owned subsidiary under the Inventory Financing Agreement dated June 19, 2015. Rushcap reserved the right to discontinue the funding prior to March 31, 2016, if it so determined. The discontinuation of funding was expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation, as we did not believe that we would be able to timely secure funding to replace the discontinued Inventory Financing. 
   
 In light of the discontinuation of funding, our Board of Directors spent approximately one month assessing the operating company s current business and funding prospects, including whether to transfer the operating subsidiary to Michael R. Rosa, our founder and a significant shareholder, in accordance with that certain Agreement between the Company, Mr. Rosa and Mr. Shefts, dated July 14, 2014 ( Break-up Agreement ). The Break-up Agreement was disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2014, which is incorporated herein by this reference.  
   
 Our Board of Directors concluded that the discontinuation of funding would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation, as it did not believe that it would be able to timely secure funding to replace the discontinued Inventory Financing. 
   
 On March 17, 2016, our Board of Directors approved the sale of our sole operating subsidiary, Enviromart Industries, Inc., to Michael R. Rosa, our founder and a significant shareholder, as contemplated by that certain Agreement between us, Mr. Rosa and Mark Shefts, dated July 14, 2014 ( Break-up Agreement ). The Break-up Agreement was originally disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2014, which is incorporated herein by this reference.  
   
 On March 21, 2016, we entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Michael R. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc., our sole operating subsidiary, pursuant to which we will transferred to Mr. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc. 

14 

In consideration for the transfer of the operating subsidiary to Mr. Rosa, he surrendered to us all 13,657,500 shares of the Company s common stock then owned by him, which shares have been returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. In addition, Mr. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc. (the Companies former operating subsidiary) agreed to assume and discharge any and all of the Company s liabilities existing as the closing date, of which there were none, as all of the Company s operations have been conducted through Enviromart Industries, Inc. (its sole operating subsidiary). 
   
 The above described purchase and sale transaction closed on July 21, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, and was approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders by written consent on May 4, 2016. Upon consummation of the purchase and sale transaction, the Company s operating business has been discontinued, and it will focus on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
 Upon the closing of the purchase and sale transaction, Mr. George Adyns resigned from our board of directors and all offices held by him. 
   
 All of the disclosures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q must be viewed in light of the disposition of our sole operating subsidiary, as our operating business has been discontinued, and the value of our company is now dependent upon our ability to locate and consummate the acquisition of an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
  Results of Operations  
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net income of $1,082,000 as compared to a net loss of $183,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in loss was due primarily to the $1,328,000 gain on discontinued operations. This gain will not recur in subsequent periods. Unless and until the Company completes the acquisition of an operating business, the Company s expenses are expected to consist of the legal, accounting and administrative costs of maintaining a public company.  
   
  Recent Developments  
   
 None 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  
   
 The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) issued disclosure guidance for  critical accounting policies.  The SEC defines  critical accounting policies  as those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 
   
 Our significant accounting policies are described below. We anticipate that the following accounting policies will require the application of our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments: 
   
  Accounts Receivable  
   
 In the normal course of business, the Company extends credit to customers that satisfy defined credit criteria. Accounts receivable is recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value, and is presented in the Company's unaudited consolidated balance sheets net of any allowance for doubtful accounts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an allowance for doubtful accounts of $-0- and $4,277, respectively, has been recorded. 
   
  Inventory  
   
 The Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value, with cost primarily determined on a weighted-average cost basis on the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method. The Company continuously evaluates the composition of its inventory, assessing slow-turning product. Estimated realizable value of inventory is determined based on an analysis of historical sales trends of our individual products, the impact of market trends and economic conditions, and a forecast of future demand, giving consideration to the value of current orders in-house relating to the future sales of inventory. Estimates may differ from actual results due to quantity, quality, and mix of products in inventory, customer demand, and market conditions. The Company s historical estimates of these costs and any provisions have not differed materially from actual results. Any reserves for inventory shrinkage, representing the risk of physical loss of inventory, are adjusted based upon physical inventory counts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an inventory reserve of $-0- and $52,147, respectively, has been recorded. 

15 

Concentration of Risk   
   
  Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash. Our cash balances are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located in the United States. The Company occasionally maintains amounts on deposit with a financial institution that are in excess of the federally insured limits. The risk is managed by maintaining all deposits in high quality financial institutions.  
   
  Machinery and Equipment  
   
 Equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful life of depreciable assets, which is three years for machinery and equipment. 
   
  Long-lived Assets  
   
 Machinery and equipment, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be recoverable, or are less than their fair value. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, the Company uses its best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of such asset and its fair value, considering external market participant assumptions. Assets to be disposed of and for which there is a committed plan of disposal are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 Income taxes are provided in accordance with FASB ASC 740   Accounting for Income Taxes  . A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. As of September 30, 2016, all deferred tax assets continue to be fully reserved. 
   
  Revenue Recognition  
   
 Revenue is recognized across all segments of the business when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, price has been fixed or is determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized at the time title passes and risk of loss is transferred to customers. 
   
  Sales Reserves and Uncollectible Accounts  
   
 A significant area of judgment affecting reported revenue and net income is estimating sales reserves, which represent that portion of gross revenues not expected to be realized. In particular, wholesale revenue is reduced by estimates of returns, discounts, markdowns, and operational chargebacks. In determining estimates of returns, discounts, markdowns and operational chargebacks, management analyzes current economic and market conditions. We review and refine these estimates on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2016, a sales reserve had not been deemed necessary, and therefore, not recorded. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 Currently, we have no cash. As discussed elsewhere in this report, we have issued stock in exchange for office space and all other services needed to maintain the company as a public company with respect to calendar year 2016.  
   
 As disclosed elsewhere in the Report, on March 21, 2016, we entered into a Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Michael R. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc., our sole operating subsidiary, pursuant to which we transferred to Mr. Rosa all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Enviromart Industries, Inc. 
   
 In consideration for the transfer of the operating subsidiary to Mr. Rosa, he surrendered to us all 13,657,500 shares of the Company s common stock owned by him, which shares have been returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares. In addition, Mr. Rosa and Enviromart Industries, Inc. agreed to assume and discharge any and all of the Company s liabilities existing as the closing date, of which there were none, as all of the Company s operations have been conducted through Enviromart Industries, Inc. (its sole operating subsidiary). 

16 

The above described purchase and sale transaction closed on July 21, 2016, effective April 1, 2016, and was approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders by written consent on May 4, 2016. As a result of the closing of the purchase and sale transaction, the Company s operating business has been discontinued, and is focusing on seeking to acquire an operating business with strong growth potential. 
   
 The value of our company is now dependent upon our ability to locate and consummate the acquisition of an operating business with strong growth potential. As of the date of filing of this Report, we have no cash. However, prior to completing an acquisition, our expenses will consist primarily of compliance costs associated with being a public company, and we expect these compliance costs to be substantially less than they have been historically, at least until we complete an acquisition transaction. Also, as noted above, we have issued stock in exchange for office space and all other services needed to maintain the company as a public company with respect to calendar year 2016. 
   
 If we need to raise additional funds, we intend to do so through equity and/or debt financing.  
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of the SEC s Regulation S-K. 
   
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  
   
 Not required.   
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.    
   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our former CEO and CFO, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman and former controller concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.  
   
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 None 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
         
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
   Except as disclosed herein, we are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. To the knowledge of our management, except as disclosed herein, no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against us.  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
   
 Not required. 
     
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
   
 On January 31, 2016, the Company sold 100,000 shares of our common stock to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of $10,000 (an average per share price of $0.10). 
   
 On June 6, 2016 the Company issued 1,000,000 shares to an accredited investor as settlement of liabilities valued at $8,500. These shares were valued at $0.006 per share, resulting in a gain on settlement of $2,895. 
   
 On June 6, 2016, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,100,000 shares of our common stock to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of $12,500 (a per share price of $.006). 
   
   On July 19, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares valued at $30,000 in consideration for legal services. 
   
 On July 19, 2016 the Company issued 5,000,000 shares valued at $30,000 to a related party in consideration for his agreement to fund the Company s audit and accounting fees and to provide office space for the Company. 
   
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
   
 None. 
     
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 Not applicable. 
       
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION    
   
 N/A 

18 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

** Furnished, not filed 

19 

SIGNATURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
   
  The Enviromart Companies, Inc.  

By:   /s/ Laurence H. King   
 Name: Laurence H. King 
 Title: Chairman of the Board 
   
 Dated:       November 14, 2016 

20 

<EX-31>
 2
 f10q093016_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 I, Laurence H. King, Chairman of the Board of the Registrant, certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Enviromart Companies, Inc. (the  Registrant  
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. The Registrant other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
   
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 
   
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
    November 14, 2016  
     
    By:  
    /s/   Laurence H. King  

Laurence H. King, Chairman of the Board    

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10q093016_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Enviromart Companies, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), I, Laurence H. King, Chairman of the Board of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
   
 (1) The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: 
   November 14, 2016 
     
   By: 
    /s/ Laurence H. King  

Laurence H. King, Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 evrt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 evrt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 evrt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 evrt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 evrt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 evrt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

