<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_351834_0001062993-16-012121_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9466513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1721620</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>438088</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2000558</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3555950</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1439320</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>134</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012121.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109172307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SunOpta Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351834
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0101

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34198
		FILM NUMBER:		161985226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2233 ARGENTIA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L5N 2X7
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(905) 455-1990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2233 ARGENTIA ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L5N 2X7

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUNOPTA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKE TECHNOLOGY LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012121.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SunOpta Inc.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C.
20549   
   FORM 10-Q    
 
 For the quarterly period ended  October 1, 2016   
 OR  
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ .  
  Commission file number: 001-34198   
    SUNOPTA INC.
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

CANADA   
      Not Applicable    
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

2233 Argentia Road   

Mississauga, Ontario L5N 2X7, Canada   
      (905) 821-9669    
   
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
     (Registrant s telephone number,
      including area code)    
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes [X]      No [_] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 Yes [X]      No [_] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer [X]  
     Accelerated filer [_]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer [_]  
     Smaller reporting company [_]   
   
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
 Yes [_]      No [X]  
 The number of the registrant s common shares outstanding as of
November 4, 2016 was 85,656,820. 

SUNOPTA INC.  FORM 10-Q    For the quarterly
period ended October 1, 2016   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I   
     
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
     
        Financial Statements (unaudited)    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the quarters
      and three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015    
      5

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the
      quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015
         
      6

Consolidated Balance Sheets as at October 1, 2016 and
      January 2, 2016    
      7

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity as at and
      for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015
       
      8

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the quarters
      and three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015    
      9

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
      11

Item
      2    
      
        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
      Condition and Results of Operations     
      33

Item
      3    
      
        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
      Risk     
      56

Item
      4    
      
        Controls and Procedures     
      56

PART II   
     
        OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
      1    
      
        Legal Proceedings     
      58

Item
      1A    
      
        Risk Factors     
      58

Item
      6    
      
        Exhibits     
      61
          
  Basis of Presentation   
 Except where the context otherwise requires, all references in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ) to the  Company ,  SunOpta ,
 we ,  us ,  our  or similar words and phrases are to SunOpta Inc. and its
subsidiaries, taken together. 
 In this report, all currency amounts are expressed in thousands
of United States ( U.S. ) dollars ( $ ), except per share amounts, unless
otherwise stated. Amounts expressed in Canadian dollars are expressed in
thousands of Canadian dollars and preceded by the symbol  Cdn $ , and amounts
expressed in euros are expressed in thousands of euros and preceded by the
symbol    . As at October 1, 2016, the closing rates of exchange for the U.S.
dollar, expressed in Canadian dollars and euros, were $1.00 = Cdn $1.3117 and
$1.00 =  0.8901. These rates are provided solely for convenience and do not
necessarily reflect the rates used in the preparation of our financial
statements. 
  Forward-Looking Statements   
 This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which are
based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve a number of risks
and uncertainties. Generally, forward-looking statements do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts and are typically accompanied by words such as
 anticipate ,  estimate ,  intend ,  project ,  potential ,  continue ,
 believe ,  expect ,  could ,  would ,  should ,  might ,  plan ,  will ,  may ,
 predict , the negatives of such terms, and words and phrases of similar impact
and include, but are not limited to references to our acquisition of Sunrise
Holdings (Delaware) Inc. ( Sunrise  business acquisition transaction values;
future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and
intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts; estimated losses
and related insurance recoveries associated with the recall of certain roasted
sunflower kernel products; the timing and results of our process to identify a
permanent Chief Executive Officer; additional charges associated with the
closure of our San Bernardino, California facility; possible operational
consolidation; reduction of non-core assets and operations; business strategies;
plant and production capacities; revenue generation potential; anticipated
construction costs; competitive strengths; goals; capital expenditure plans;
business and operational growth and expansion plans; anticipated operating
margins and operating income targets; gains or losses associated with business
transactions; cost reductions; rationalization and improved efficiency
initiatives; proposed new product offerings; and references to the future growth
of our business and global markets for our products. These forward-looking
statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements
are based on certain assumptions, expectations and analyses we make in light of
our experience and our interpretation of current conditions, historical trends
and expected future developments, as well as other factors that we believe are
appropriate in the circumstances. 

Whether actual results and developments will agree with and
meet our expectations and predictions is subject to many risks and
uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and
predictions. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, the
following: 
 
   failure or inability to complete our ongoing operational review and
  implement value creation strategies in a timely manner;
   restrictions under the terms of our debt and equity instruments on how we
  may operate our business;
   conflicts of interest between our significant investors and our other
  stakeholders;
   ability to successfully integrate the operations of Sunrise (as well as
  other recent acquisitions) into our business and, once integrated, the effects
  of this acquisition on our future financial condition, operating results,
  strategy and plans, including the impact of the substantial additional debt
  incurred to finance this acquisition and our ability to achieve the estimated
  synergies from this acquisition;
   failure to retain key management and employees of acquired businesses;
   ability to meet the covenants under our credit facilities or to obtain
  necessary waivers from our lenders;
   ability to obtain additional capital as required to maintain current
  growth rates;
   ability to successfully consummate possible future divestitures of
  businesses;
   increased vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse industry
  conditions due to our level of indebtedness;
   that our customers may choose not to buy products from us;
   loss of one or more key customers;
   changes and difficulty in predicting consumer preferences for natural and
  organic food products;
   the highly competitive industry in which we operate;
   an interruption at one or more of our manufacturing facilities;
   technology failures that could disrupt our operations and negatively
  impact our business;
   the loss of service of our key management;
   labor shortages or increased labor costs;
   the effective management of our supply chain;
   volatility in the prices of raw materials and energy;
   the availability of organic and non-genetically modified ingredients;
   enactment of climate change laws;
   unfavorable growing and operating conditions due to adverse weather
  conditions;   

dilution in the value of our common shares through the exchange of
  preferred shares, exercise of stock options, participation in our employee
  stock purchase plan and issuance of additional securities;
   impairment charges in goodwill or other intangible assets;
   technological innovation by our competitors;
   ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights;
   substantial environmental regulation and policies to which we are subject;

   significant food and health regulations to which we are subject;
   agricultural policies that influence our operations;
   product liability suits, recalls and threatened market withdrawals that
  may arise or be brought against us;
   food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses that could harm
  our business;
   litigation and regulatory enforcement concerning marketing and labeling of
  food products;
   exposure to our international operations;
   that we do not currently intend to, and are restricted in our ability to,
  pay any cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future;
   fluctuations in exchange rates, interest rates and the prices of certain
  commodities;
   ability to effectively manage our growth and integrate acquired companies;
  and
   the volatility of our operating results and share price.   
 All forward-looking statements made herein are qualified by
these cautionary statements, and our actual results or the developments we
anticipate may not be realized. We do not undertake any obligation to update our
forward-looking statements after the date of this report for any reason, even if
new information becomes available or other events occur in the future, except as
may be required under applicable securities laws. The foregoing factors should
not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other
cautionary statements that are included in this report and our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016. Additional information
about these factors and about the material factors or assumptions underlying
such forward-looking statements may be found under Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2016, under Item
1A.  Risk Factors  of this report, and in our other filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission and the Canadian Securities Administrators.

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
   Item 1. Financial Statements      

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Statements of Operations   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Balance Sheets   
   
     As at October 1, 2016 and January 2, 2016   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

Commitments and contingencies  (note 13)    
 (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity   
   
     As at and for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and
      October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars)

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting
Policies   
 SunOpta Inc. (the  Company  or  SunOpta ) was incorporated
under the laws of Canada on November 13, 1973. The Company operates businesses
focused on a healthy products portfolio that promotes sustainable well-being.
The Company s two reportable segments, Global Ingredients and Consumer Products,
operate in the natural, organic and specialty food sectors and utilize an
integrated business model to bring cost-effective and quality products to
market. 
 In addition, the Company owned approximately 66% of Opta
Minerals Inc. ( Opta Minerals ) as at January 2, 2016, on a non-dilutive basis.
Opta Minerals produces, distributes and recycles industrial minerals,
silica-free abrasives and specialty sands. On February 12, 2016, the Company
announced that Opta Minerals had entered into a definitive acquisition
agreement, pursuant to which an affiliate of Speyside Equity Fund I LP
( Speyside ), agreed to acquire substantially all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Opta Minerals. The acquisition of Opta Minerals by Speyside was
completed on April 6, 2016, following a vote of the shareholders of Opta
Minerals in favor of the transaction on March 31, 2016. For further information
regarding the Company s divestiture of its equity interest in Opta Minerals, see
note 3.  
   Basis of Presentation    
 The interim consolidated financial statements of the Company
have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule
10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, these condensed
interim consolidated financial statements do not include all of the disclosures
required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments considered necessary for fair presentation have been
included and all such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. Operating
results for the quarter and three quarters ended October 1, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year
ending December 31, 2016 or for any other period. The interim consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries,
and have been prepared on a basis consistent with the annual consolidated
financial statements for the year ended January 2, 2016. For further
information, refer to the consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto,
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 2, 2016.  
   Comparative Balances    
 As a result of the Company s divestiture of Opta Minerals, the
operating results and cash flows of Opta Minerals for the quarter and three
quarters ended October 3, 2015 have been reclassified to discontinued operations
to be consistent with presentation for the quarter and three quarters ended
October 1, 2016. In addition, the assets and liabilities of Opta Minerals were
reported as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as at January 2,
2016. 
   Fiscal Year-End    
 The fiscal year of the Company consists of a 52- or 53-week
period ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal year 2016 is a
52-week period ending on December 31, 2016, with quarterly periods ending on
April 2, July 2 and October 1, 2016. Fiscal year 2015 was a 52-week period
ending on January 2, 2016, with quarterly periods ending on April 4, July 4 and
October 3, 2015. 
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-15, which clarifies how
entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the
statement of cash flow, including contingent consideration payments made after a
business combination. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and is
to be applied on a retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its
consolidated statement of cash flows.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation  
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting , which is intended to simplify the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including income tax consequences, the
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification
on the statement of cash flows. Under the new guidance, companies will record
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the
income statement rather than in additional paid-in capital. In addition, the
guidance permits companies to elect to recognize forfeitures of share-based
payments as they occur, rather than estimating the number of awards expected to
be forfeited as is currently required. This guidance is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on
its consolidated financial statements.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , a
comprehensive new standard that amends various aspects of existing accounting
guidance for leases, including the recognition of a right of use asset and a
lease liability for leases with a duration of greater than one year. The
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will
have on its consolidated financial statements; however, the Company anticipates
that upon adoption of the standard it will recognize additional assets and
corresponding liabilities related to leases on its balance sheet.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 will require equity
investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting,
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance provides
a new measurement alternative for equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values and do not qualify for the net asset practical
expedient. Under this alternative, these investments can be measured at cost,
less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment with
the same issuer. Additionally, ASU 2016-01 also changes certain disclosure
requirements and other aspects of current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2016-01 is effective
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15,
2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have
on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers , which will supersede existing revenue recognition
guidance under U.S. GAAP. Under the new standard, a company will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-14, which defers by one year the effective date of ASU 2014-09. In 2016,
the FASB issued additional ASUs to address implementation issues and to clarify
the guidance for identifying performance obligations, licenses and determining
if a company is the principal or agent in a revenue arrangement. ASU 2014-09, as
amended, will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after
December 15, 2017, and is to be applied on either a full retrospective or
modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual and
interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. The Company
is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2014-09, as amended, will have on its
consolidated financial statements and does not intend to early adopt this
standard. 
  2. Business Acquisitions   
   Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc.    
 On October 9, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of
100% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Sunrise Holdings (Delaware),
Inc. ( Sunrise ), pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated July 30, 2015
(the  Sunrise Acquisition ). Sunrise is a processor of conventional and organic
individually quick frozen ( IQF ) fruit in the U.S. and Mexico. The acquisition
of Sunrise has been accounted for as a business combination under the
acquisition method of accounting. The results of Sunrise have been included in
the Company s consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition
and are reported in the Consumer Products operating segment. The acquisition of
Sunrise is aligned with the Company s strategic focus on healthy and organic
foods.  
 Total consideration for the Sunrise Acquisition was $472.7
million in cash paid at the acquisition date, which included the repayment of
all outstanding obligations under Sunrise s senior credit facility in the amount
of $171.5 million. In addition, the total consideration included $23.0 million
paid by the Company to the holders of Sunrise stock options. As all outstanding
Sunrise stock options vested upon the consummation of the Sunrise Acquisition,
pursuant to the terms of Sunrise s pre-existing stock option agreements, the cash
consideration paid to the optionholders was attributed to services prior to the
Sunrise Acquisition and included as a component of the purchase price. The total
consideration also included $20.9 million paid by the Company to settle
acquisition-related transaction costs incurred by Sunrise in connection with the
Sunrise Acquisition. As none of these costs were incurred by Sunrise on behalf
of the Company, the cash consideration paid to settle these costs was included
as a component of the purchase price.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date: 

(1)  
     
       The gross amount of accounts receivable acquired was
      $26.2 million, of which the Company expects $0.2 million will be
      uncollectible.   

(2)  
     
       Includes an estimated fair value adjustment to inventory
      of $19.0 million, of which $13.4 million and $4.0 million was recognized
      in costs of goods sold for inventory sold in the first three quarters of
      2016 and fourth quarter of 2015, respectively.   

(3)  
     
       Includes an estimated fair value adjustment to property,
      plant and equipment of $3.7 million.   

(4)  
     
       The identified intangible assets relate to customer
      relationships in existence at the acquisition date between Sunrise and
      major U.S. retail and foodservice customers. The customer relationships
      intangible assets will be amortized over an estimated weighted-average
      useful life of approximately 23 years. The estimated fair value of the
      intangible assets was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis
      (income approach), which applied a risk-adjusted discount rate of
      approximately 12.0%.   

(5)  
     
       Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the
      acquisition-date fair values of the total consideration and the net assets
      acquired. The total amount of goodwill has been assigned to the Consumer
      Products operating segment and is not expected to be deductible for tax
      purposes. The goodwill recognized is attributable to: (i) cost savings,
      operating synergies, and other benefits expected to result from combining
      the operations of Sunrise with those of the Company; (ii) the value of
      longer-term growth prospects in the private label frozen fruit market;
      (iii) the value of acquiring the current capabilities and low-cost
      position of the existing Sunrise business (i.e., the higher rate of return
      on the assembled net assets versus acquiring all of the net assets
      separately); and (iv) the value of Sunrise s assembled
workforce.   

(6)  
     
       Represents the estimated fair value of the
      non-controlling interest in Sunrise s 75%-owned Mexican
  subsidiary.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
   Niagara Natural Fruit Snack Company Inc.    
 On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired the net operating
assets of Niagara Natural Fruit Snack Company Inc. ( Niagara Natural ). Niagara
Natural is a manufacturer of all-natural fruit snacks located in the Niagara
Region of Ontario. The acquisition of the net operating assets of Niagara
Natural has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition
method of accounting. The results of Niagara Natural have been included in the
Company s consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition and
are reported in the Consumer Products operating segment. 
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the
consideration transferred as at the acquisition date:  

(1)  
     
       The measurement period adjustment reflects the final
      determination of net working capital as at the acquisition date. This
      adjustment did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated
      results of operations.   

(2)  
     
       The Company agreed to pay the owners of Niagara Natural
      an additional amount of up to approximately $2.8 million over a period of
      two years subject to adjustment based on certain performance targets. The
      fair value of the contingent consideration was determined to be $2.3
      million as of the acquisition date. On May 5, 2016, the Company and the
      owners of Niagara Natural entered into an agreement to settle the
      contingent consideration obligation in exchange for a one-time cash
      payment of $0.6 million. In the second quarter of 2016, the Company
      recognized a gain of $1.7 million in connection with this settlement,
      based on the difference between the fair value of the contingent
      consideration obligation and the cash payment (see note
  9).    
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date:  

(1)  
     
       The measurement period adjustment reflects the final
      determination of net working capital as at the acquisition
  date.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

(2)  
     
       Intangible assets comprise customer relationships and
      non-competition arrangements, which will be amortized over an estimated
      weighted-average useful life of approximately 19 years.   

(3)  
     
       The total amount of goodwill has been assigned to the
      Consumer Products operating segment.    
   Citrusource, LLC    
 On March 2, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the issued and
outstanding units of Citrusource, LLC ( Citrusource ), a producer of premium
not-from-concentrate private label organic and conventional orange juice and
citrus products in the U.S. The acquisition of Citrusource has been accounted
for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. The
results of Citrusource have been included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements since the date of acquisition and are reported in the
Consumer Products operating segment. The acquisition of Citrusource aligns with
the Company s strategy of growing its value-added consumer products portfolio
and leveraging its integrated operating platform.  
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the
consideration transferred as at the acquisition date:  

(1)  
     
       The contingent consideration arrangement with the former
      unitholders of Citrusource comprises two components: (i) deferred
      consideration calculated based on a seven-times multiple of the
      incremental growth in Citrusource s earnings before interest, taxes,
      depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) in fiscal year 2015 versus EBITDA
      for fiscal year 2014; and (ii) an earn-out calculated based on 25% of the
      incremental growth in the sum of Citrusource s EBITDA and the EBITDA
      of the Company s San Bernardino, California, juice facility (the
       Combined EBITDA ) in each of fiscal years 2016, 2017 and 2018 versus the
      Combined EBITDA for fiscal year 2015. There are no upper limits to the
      amount of each of the components. The fair value measurement of the
      contingent consideration arrangement was determined to be approximately
      $18.0 million as at the acquisition date, based on a probability-weighted
      present value analysis, of which approximately $15.0 million was related
      to the deferred consideration and approximately $3.0 million is related to
      the earn-out. The deferred consideration is payable in four equal annual
      installments commencing in 2016. In the second quarter of 2016, the
      Company paid the first installment in the amount of $3.9 million. Of the
      remaining deferred consideration obligation, approximately $4.0 million is
      included in current portion of long-term liabilities and approximately
      $7.0 million is included in long-term liabilities on the consolidated
      balance sheets as at October 1, 2016. The earn-out obligation is also
      included in long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as at
      October 1, 2016. The fair value of the contingent consideration
      arrangement is based on significant level 3 unobservable inputs, including
      the following factors: (i) estimated range of EBITDA values in each of the
      earn-out periods; and (ii) the probability- weighting applied to each of
      the EBITDA values within the estimated range for each earn-out period. The
      resultant probability-weighted EBITDA values for each earn-out period were
      discounted at a credit risk-adjusted discount rate of approximately
      3.5%. 
       
      During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company and former unitholders of
      Citrusource will assess the impact of the planned closure of the San
      Bernardino juice facility (see note 9) on the earn-out component of the
      contingent consideration arrangement.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date:  

(1)  
     
       The customer relationships intangible asset was
      recognized based on contracts in existence at the acquisition date between
      Citrusource and major U.S. retail customers. This intangible asset will be
      amortized over an estimated useful life of approximately 12
  years.   

(2)  
     
       Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the
      acquisition-date fair values of the consideration transferred and net
      assets acquired. The total amount of goodwill has been assigned to the
      Consumer Products operating segment and is expected to be fully deductible
      for tax purposes. The goodwill recognized is attributable to: (i)
      operating synergies expected to result from combining the operations of
      Citrusource with those of the Company; and (ii) opportunities to leverage the business
      experience of Citrusource s management team to grow the Company s existing
      citrus beverage program.    
  3. Discontinued Operations   
   Opta Minerals Inc.    
 On February 11, 2016, Opta Minerals entered into a definitive
acquisition agreement, pursuant to which Speyside agreed to acquire
substantially all of the issued and outstanding shares of Opta Minerals. The
acquisition agreement was approved by Opta Minerals  Boards of Directors, which
recommended that Opta Minerals  shareholders approve the transaction. Also on
February 12, 2016, the Company entered into a support agreement pursuant to
which it irrevocably agreed to vote all of its Opta Minerals  shares in favor of
the transaction. The acquisition of Opta Minerals by Speyside was completed on
April 6, 2016, following a vote of the shareholders of Opta Minerals in favor of
the transaction on March 31, 2016. 
 Upon closing of the transaction, the Company received aggregate
gross proceeds of $4.8 million (C$6.2 million), of which $3.2 million (C$4.2
million) was received in cash, and $1.5 million (C$2.0 million) was received in
the form of a subordinated promissory note bearing interest at 2.0% per annum
that will mature on October 6, 2018. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company
recognized direct costs related to the sale of Opta Minerals of $0.8 million.
The sale of Company s equity interest in Opta Minerals was consistent with its
objective of divesting its non-core assets in order to become a pure-play
healthy and organic foods company. The Company does not expect to have any
significant continuing involvement with Opta Minerals.  
 In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company recognized a loss on
the classification of Opta Minerals as a discontinued operation held for sale of
$10.5 million, or $7.7 million net of non-controlling interest, to write down
the carrying value of Opta Minerals  net assets to fair value less cost to sell
based on estimated net proceeds on sale of approximately $4.5 million as at
January 2, 2016. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company recognized a $0.6
million gain on classification as held for sale, which reflected a $1.1 million
decline in the carrying value of Opta Mineral s net assets, partially offset by
a $0.5 million reduction in the estimated net proceeds on sale. The Company has
not recognized the results of operations or cash flows of Opta Minerals for the
period from April 1, 2016 to the closing of the transaction on April 6, 2016, as
these amounts were insignificant to the Company s consolidated results of
operations and cash flows.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
 As at January 2, 2016, the net assets and liabilities of Opta
Minerals were reported as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet. The
following table reconciles the major classes of assets and liabilities of Opta
Minerals to the amounts reported as held for sale:  
 
 The following table reconciles the major components of the
results of discontinued operations to the amounts reported in the consolidated
statements of operations:  

(1)  
     
       For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, no
      depreciation or amortization was recorded on Opta Minerals  long-lived
      assets as these assets were classified as held for
sale.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

(2)  
     
       For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, cost of
      goods sold includes a charge related to the write-down of inventory
      recorded by Opta Minerals of $0.8 million.   

(3)  
     
       For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, other
      expense, net includes a charge related to the impairment of long- lived
      assets recorded by Opta Minerals of $0.4 million.    
  4. Product Recall  
 During the second quarter of 2016, the Company announced a
voluntary recall of certain roasted sunflower kernel products produced at its
Crookston, Minnesota facility due to potential contamination with Listeria
monocytogenes bacteria. The affected sunflower products originated from the
Crookston facility between May 31, 2015 and April 21, 2016. For the quarter and
three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company recognized estimated losses of
$12.0 million and $28.0 million, respectively, related to this recall,
reflecting the estimated cost of the affected sunflower kernel products expected
to be returned to or replaced by the Company and the estimated cost to reimburse
customers for costs incurred by them related to the recall of their retail
products that contain the affected sunflower kernels as an ingredient or
component. However, these losses do not reflect costs associated with the
interruption of production at the Crookston facility for the period from April
21, 2016 to the time regular production resumed on or about May 15, 2016,
subject to a positive release protocol, or the costs to put into place
corrective and preventive actions at the Company s roasting facilities. The
Company s remediation efforts are ongoing, and it expects to continue to incur
related costs, which may be material.  
 The Company s estimates of the losses related to the recall are
provisional and were determined based on an assessment of the information
available up to the date of filing of this report, including a review of
customer claims received as of that date and consideration of the extent of
potential additional claims that have yet to be received. The Company s
estimates reflect the amount of losses that it determined, as of the date of
this report, to be both probable and reasonably estimable. The Company may need
to revise its estimates in subsequent periods as the Company continues to work
with its customers and insurance providers to substantiate the claims received
to date and any additional claims that may be received. These revisions may
occur at any time and may be material.  
 The Company is currently unable to estimate the impact that
this recall may have on our future sales of sunflower products or on its ongoing
relationships with its customers, which may have an adverse impact on the
recoverability of the customer relationships intangible asset associated with
the Company s sunflower operations and on the fair value of the reporting unit
to which the sunflower operations relate that could result in an impairment of
the associated goodwill. As at October 1, 2016, the customer relationships
intangible asset and goodwill associated with the sunflower operations had
carrying values of $6.6 million and $17.5 million, respectively. 
 The Company carries general liability and product recall
insurance and is expecting to recover the recall-related costs through its
insurance policies, less applicable deductibles under these policies. The
Company recognizes expected insurance recoveries in the period in which the
recoveries are determined to be probable of realization. Accordingly, for the
quarter and three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company recorded estimated
insurance recoveries of $12.0 million and $27.4 million for the losses
recognized to-date related to the recall. However, the Company may not recover
amounts equal to the amount of the losses recognized if those losses exceed the
coverage available or are excluded under its insurance policies. Subsequent to
the third quarter of 2016, the Company received $2.0 million from an insurance
provider in relation to the recall.  
 As at October 1, 2016, $27.8 million of the estimated
recall-related costs were unsettled and were recorded in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. These costs were offset
by the corresponding estimated insurance recoveries of $27.4 million included in
accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet as at October 1, 2016.

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  5. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value
Measurements   
 The following table presents for each of the fair value
hierarchies, the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of October 1, 2016 and January 2, 2016:  

(1)  
     
       Unrealized short-term derivative asset is included in
      prepaid expenses and other current assets, unrealized long-term derivative
      asset is included in other assets, unrealized short-term derivative
      liability is included in other current liabilities and unrealized
      long-term derivative liability is included in long-term liabilities on the
      consolidated balance sheets.   

(2)  
     
       Inventories carried at market are included in inventories
      on the consolidated balance sheets.   

(3)  
     
       The forward foreign currency contracts are included in
      accounts receivable or accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the
      consolidated balance sheets.   

(4)  
     
       Contingent consideration obligations are included in
      long-term liabilities (including the current portion thereof) on the
      consolidated balance sheets.   

(5)  
     
       The embedded derivative is included in other assets
      (long-term) on the consolidated balance
sheets.   

(6)  
     
       Long-lived assets are included in property, plant and
      equipment on the consolidated balance sheets.  

(a)  
     
       Commodity futures and forward contracts   

The Company s derivative contracts that are measured at
      fair value include exchange-traded commodity futures and forward commodity
      purchase and sale contracts. Exchange-traded futures are valued based on
      unadjusted quotes for identical assets priced in active markets and are
      classified as level 1. Fair value for forward commodity purchase and sale
      contracts is estimated based on exchange-quoted prices adjusted for
      differences in local markets. Local market adjustments use observable
      inputs or market transactions for similar assets or liabilities, and, as a
      result, are classified as level 2. Based on historical experience with the
      Company s suppliers and customers, the Company s own credit risk, and the
      Company s knowledge of current market conditions, the Company does not
      view non-performance risk to be a significant input to fair value for the
      majority of its forward commodity purchase and sale
  contracts.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
 These exchange-traded commodity futures
and forward commodity purchase and sale contracts are used as part of the
Company s risk management strategy, and represent economic hedges to limit risk
related to fluctuations in the price of certain commodity grains, as well as the
prices of cocoa and coffee. These derivative instruments are not designated as
hedges for accounting purposes. Gains and losses on changes in fair value of
these derivative instruments are included in cost of goods sold on the
consolidated statement of operations. For the quarter ended October 1, 2016, the
Company recognized a gain of $0.7 million (October 3, 2015   gain of $1.1
million) and for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company
recognized a gain of $1.2 million (October 3, 2015   gain of $0.5 million)
related to changes in the fair value of these derivatives.  
 As at October 1, 2016, the notional
amounts of open commodity futures and forward purchase and sale contracts were
as follows (in thousands of bushels):  

In addition, as at October 1, 2016, the Company had net
      open forward contracts to sell 309 lots of cocoa and 23 lots of
    coffee.   

(b)  
     
       Inventories carried at market   

Grains inventory carried at fair value is determined
      using quoted market prices from the Chicago Board of Trade ( CBoT ).
      Estimated fair market values for grains inventory quantities at period end
      are valued using the quoted price on the CBoT adjusted for differences in
      local markets, and broker or dealer quotes. These assets are placed in
      level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as there are observable quoted prices
      for similar assets in active markets. Gains and losses on commodity grains
      inventory are included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated
      statements of operations. As at October 1, 2016, the Company had 340,399
      bushels of commodity corn and 386,737 bushels of commodity soybeans in
      inventories carried at market.   

(c)  
     
       Foreign forward currency contracts   

As part of its risk management strategy, the Company
      enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to reduce its exposure to
      fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For any open forward
      foreign exchange contracts at period end, the contract rate is compared to
      the forward rate, and a gain or loss is recorded. These contracts are
      placed in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as the inputs used in
      making the fair value determination are derived from and are corroborated
      by observable market data. While these forward foreign exchange contracts
      typically represent economic hedges that are not designated as hedging
      instruments, certain of these contracts may be designated as hedges. As at
      October 1, 2016 the Company had open forward foreign exchange contracts
      with a notional value of  29.4 million ($33.0 million). Gains and losses
      on changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments are included
      in foreign exchange loss or gain on the consolidated statement of
      operations. For the quarter ended October 1, 2016, the Company recognized
      a loss of $0.3 million (October 3, 2015   loss of $0.5 million) and for
      the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company recognized a loss of
      $0.5 million (October 3, 2015   loss of $1.1 million) related to changes
      in the fair value of these derivatives.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

(d)  
     
       Contingent consideration   

The fair value measurement of contingent consideration
      arising from business acquisitions is determined using unobservable (level
      3) inputs. These inputs include: (i) the estimated amount and timing of
      the projected cash flows on which the contingency is based; and (ii) the
      risk-adjusted discount rate used to present value those cash flows. The
      following table presents a reconciliation of contingent consideration
      obligations for the three quarters ended October 1,
2016:     

(1)  
     
       Reflects the gain on settlement of the contingent
      consideration obligation related to the acquisition of Niagara Natural
      (see note 2) and an adjustment to the contractual amount owing to a former
      shareholder of Organic Land Corporation OOD, which was acquired by the
      Company on December 31, 2012, as well as the accretion for the time value
      of money related to the Citrusource and Niagara Natural obligations. Fair
      value adjustments are included in other income/expense (see note
  9).   

(2)  
     
       Reflects the payment of deferred consideration to the
      former unitholders of Citrusource and cash settlement of the contingent
      consideration obligation related to the acquisition of Niagara Natural
      (see note 2).    

(e)  
     
       Embedded derivative   

On August 5, 2011 and August 29, 2014, the Company
      invested $0.5 million and $0.9 million, respectively, in convertible
      subordinated notes issued by Enchi Corporation ( Enchi ), a developer of
      advanced bioconversion products for the renewable fuels industry, of which
      $0.2 million principal amount remained outstanding as at January 2, 2016.
      The Company s investment in subordinated convertible notes of Enchi
      includes the value of an accelerated payment option embedded in the notes,
      which may result in a maximum payout to the Company of $5.1 million. Due
      to a lack of level 1 or level 2 observable market quotes for the notes,
      the Company used a discounted cash flow analysis (income approach) to
      estimate the original fair value of the embedded derivative based on
      unobservable level 3 inputs. The Company assesses changes in the fair
      value of the embedded derivative based on the performance of actual cash
      flows derived from certain royalty rights owned by Enchi, which are
      expected to be the primary source of funds available to settle the
      embedded derivative, relative to the financial forecasts used in the
      valuation analysis. On April 15, 2016, the Company received a distribution
      from Enchi of $0.7 million, which has been applied to repay the remaining
      $0.2 million principal amount of the convertible subordinated notes, with
      the balance of $0.5 million applied against the carrying value of the
      embedded derivative. As at October 1, 2016 and January 2, 2016, the
      Company determined that the fair value of this embedded derivative was
      $2.9 million and $3.4 million, respectively, based on expectations related
      to the remaining royalty rights.   

(f)  
     
       Long-lived assets  

Long-lived assets associated with the Company s juice
      facility located in San Bernardino, California with a carrying value of
      $10.9 million were written down to their fair value of $0.6 million,
      resulting in an impairment charge of $10.3 million, which was included in
      other expense for the quarter and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      (see note 9). Fair value was determined based on market prices for
      comparable assets, which represent level 2 inputs.  

6. Inventories   

7. Bank Indebtedness and Long-Term Debt   

(1)  
     
       Global Credit Facility   

On February 11, 2016, the Company entered into a
      five-year credit agreement for a senior secured asset-based revolving
      credit facility with a syndicate of banks in the maximum aggregate
      principal amount of $350.0 million, subject to borrowing base capacity
      (the  Global Credit Facility ). The Global Credit Facility replaced the
      Company s previous North American credit facilities that were set to
      expire January 27, 2017, and its European credit facilities that were due
      on demand with no set maturity date. The Global Credit Facility will be
      used to support the working capital and general corporate needs of the
      Company s global operations, in addition to funding future strategic
      initiatives. The Global Credit Facility also includes borrowing capacity
      available for letters of credit and provides for borrowings on same-day
      notice, including in the form of swingline loans. Subject to customary
      borrowing conditions and the agreement of any such lenders to provide such
      increased commitments, the Company may request to increase the total
      lending commitments under the Global Credit Facility to a maximum
      aggregate principal amount not to exceed $450.0 million. Outstanding
      principal amounts under the Global Credit Facility are repayable in full
      on the maturity date of February 10, 2021.   

Individual borrowings under the Global Credit Facility
      have terms of six months or less and bear interest based on various
      reference rates, including prime rate and LIBOR plus an applicable margin.
      The applicable margin in the Global Credit Facility ranges from 1.25% to
      1.75% for loans bearing interest based on LIBOR and from 0.25% to 0.75%
      for loans bearing interest based on the prime rate and, in each case, is
      set quarterly based on average borrowing availability for the preceding
      fiscal quarter. The initial margin for the Global Credit Facility was
      0.50% with respect to prime rate borrowings and 1.50% with respect to
      LIBOR borrowings. As at October 1, 2016, the weighted-average interest
      rate on the facilities was 2.57%. The obligations under the Global Credit
      Facility are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s subsidiaries
      and, subject to certain exceptions, such obligations are secured by first
      priority liens on substantially all of the assets of the
Company.   

The Global Credit Facility contains a number of covenants
      that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the
      Company s ability to create liens on assets; sell assets and enter into
      sale and leaseback transactions; pay dividends, prepay junior lien and
      unsecured indebtedness and make other restricted payments; incur
      additional indebtedness and make guarantees; make investments, loans or
      advances, including acquisitions; and engage in mergers or
      consolidations.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

(2)  
     
       Bulgarian credit facility   

On April 19, 2016, a subsidiary of The Organic
      Corporation ( TOC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, amended its
      revolving credit facility agreement dated May 22, 2013, to provide up to
       4.5 million to cover the working capital needs of TOC s Bulgarian
      operations. The facility is secured by the accounts receivable and
      inventories of the Bulgarian operations and is fully guaranteed by TOC.
      Interest accrues under the facility based on EURIBOR plus a margin of
      2.75%, and borrowings under the facility are repayable in full on April
      30, 2017. As at October 1, 2016, the weighted-average interest rate on the
      Bulgarian credit facility was 2.75%.   

(3)  
     
       Second Lien Loan Agreement   

On October 9, 2015, SunOpta Foods Inc. ( SunOpta Foods ),
      a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, the Company and certain
      subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors (together with the Company, the
       Guarantors ), entered into a second lien loan agreement (the  Second Lien
      Loan Agreement ) with a group of lenders, pursuant to which the Company
      borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $330.0 million of term loans. In
      connection with the Second Lien Loan Agreement, the Company incurred $10.8
      million of debt issuance costs, which were recorded as a reduction against
      the principal amount of the borrowings. The net proceeds of the Second
      Lien Loan Agreement were used to partially fund the Sunrise Acquisition.
      The Second Lien Loan Agreement was guaranteed by the Company and the
      Company s subsidiaries that guarantee the Global Credit Facility, subject
      to certain exceptions, and was secured on a second-priority basis by
      security interests on all of SunOpta Foods  and Guarantors  assets that
      secured the Global Credit Facility, subject to certain exceptions and
      permitted liens.   

Interest on the term loans made under the Second Lien
      Loan Agreement on October 9, 2015 (the  Initial Loans ) was determined by
      reference to LIBOR (subject to a 1.0% per annum floor) plus an applicable
      margin of 6.0% per annum. The applicable margin increased by 0.50% at the
      end of each three-month period after October 9, 2015 and before October 9,
      2016. In each case, the Initial Loans carried a maximum interest rate of
      9.5% per annum. Giving effect to the amortization of the debt issuance
      costs, the effective interest rate on the Initial Loans was approximately
      11.2% per annum.   

The Initial Loans could be repaid at par at any time
      prior to October 9, 2016. As at October 1, 2016 and January 2, 2016, the
      Company had repaid $20.0 million and $10.0 million principal amount,
      respectively, of the Initial Loans.   

On October 7, 2016, SunOpta Foods issued an aggregate of
      85,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Preferred Stock ) for
      consideration in the amount of $85.0 million. The Company used the net
      proceeds from the issuance of the Preferred Stock to repay an additional
      $79.0 million principal amount of the Initial Loans (see note 15). The
      remaining $231.0 million aggregate principal amount of Initial Loans
      matured on October 9, 2016 and automatically converted into a like
      principal amount of term loans (such converted loans, the  Term Loans ),
      with a maturity date of October 9, 2022. The Term Loans bore interest at a
      rate of 9.5% per annum. On October 20, 2016, all of the outstanding Term
      Loans were exchanged for a corresponding amount of 9.5% Senior Secured
      Second Lien Notes due 2022 (the  Notes ) issued by SunOpta Foods (see note
      15). The Second Lien Loan Agreement was terminated in connection with the
      issuance of the Notes.     

8. Stock-Based Compensation   
 Under the Company s 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, the Company may
grant a variety of stock-based awards including stock options, restricted stock
units ( RSUs ) and performance share units ( PSUs ) to selected employees and
directors of the Company. 
   Stock Options    
 For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company
granted 1,087,864 options to employees that vest ratably on each of the first
through third anniversaries of the grant date and expire on the tenth
anniversary of the grant date. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of
these options was $1.36, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
three-year vesting period based on the number of stock options expected to
vest. 
 The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions
used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of
the stock options granted:  
 
   Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Units
   
 For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company
granted 112,000 RSUs and 250,345 PSUs to certain employees and directors of the
Company. 
 Time-based RSUs vest ratably on each of the first through third
anniversaries of the grant date. The fair value of each RSU granted was
estimated to be $3.27 based on the fair market value of a share of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair value is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the three-year vesting period based on the number of
RSUs expected to vest. 
 Performance-based PSUs vest three years following the grant
date. The number of PSUs that ultimately vest (up to a specified maximum) will
be determined based on performance relative to predetermined performance
measures of the Company. If the Company s performance is below a specified
performance level, no PSUs will vest. The weighted average grant-date fair value
of the PSUs granted was estimated to be $3.27 based on the fair market value of
a share of the Company s common stock on the grant dates. Each reporting period,
the number of PSUs that are expected to vest is re-determined and the grant-date
fair value of these PSUs is amortized on a straight-line basis over the
remaining vesting period less amounts previously recognized.  
 Each vested RSU and PSU will be settled through the issuance of
common shares of the Company and are therefore treated as equity awards.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  9. Other Expense, Net   
 The components of other expense (income) are as follows:  

(1)  
     
       Impairment of long-lived assets   

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company assessed
      the carrying value of owned equipment and leasehold improvements
      associated with its leased San Bernardino, California juice
      facility as it evaluated recent commercial and operational developments
      that impacted the facility. In particular, the Company identified a need
      for significant investment in new packaging and processing capabilities in
      order to satisfy packaging format changes demanded by the facility s
      largest customer. In addition, the Company was unsuccessful in contracting
      sufficient supply of raw citrus fruit for the upcoming season to allow for
      effective and efficient use of the facility s extraction capabilities.
      This supply chain challenge is expected to continue for the foreseeable
      future, and while the Company has secured sufficient supply of extracted
      juice to meet its production requirements, the Company determined that it
      would be more beneficial to transfer its juice production from the
      facility to contract manufacturers with whom the Company has ongoing
      relationships. Accordingly, the Company has decided to not make further
      capital investments in support of the bottling or extraction areas of the
      facility. As a result, the Company determined that the carrying value of
      the long-lived assets of $10.9 million was not recoverable and that the
      assets were impaired. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $10.3
      million to write down the carrying value of these assets to their
      estimated fair value. This
      facility is included in the Consumer Products operating segment.   

On November 8, 2016, the Board of Directors of the
      Company approved the closure of the San Bernardino juice facility.
      During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company expects to incur additional
      facility closure costs of approximately $4.0 million to $5.0 million
      including lease termination and employee severance costs. In addition, it
      is reasonably possible that the Company may need to further adjust the
      estimated fair value of the long-lived assets based on the final
      disposition of the facility.   

For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company
      also recorded an impairment charge of $1.7 million related to the
      write-off of leasehold improvements at its Buena Park, California frozen
      fruit processing facility. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company
      transferred all production volume from this facility into Sunrise s
      facilities located in Kansas and California.   

(2)  
     
       Legal settlement   

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a
      charge of $9.0 million in connection with the settlement of a complaint
      filed by Plum, PBC ( Plum ) that arose out of a voluntary recall by Plum
      of certain resealable pouch products manufactured at the Company s
      Allentown, Pennsylvania facility in 2013 (see note 13). Previously, in the
      fourth quarter of 2013, the Company recorded a $5.2 million provision for
      the expected loss associated with this recall, which reflected at that
      time the amount due to the Company for product sold to Plum that was
      subject to the recall, as well as the carrying value of recalled product still in inventory at
      the Company. The previously recorded provision did not include any
      potential amounts payable in connection with the settlement of litigation
      relating to the voluntary recall.     

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

(3)  
     
       Product withdrawal and recall costs   

For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the Company
      recognized costs of $1.1 million associated with the voluntary withdrawal
      by a customer, in coordination with the Company, of private label orange
      juice product produced at the San Bernardino  juice facility, due
      to instances of early spoilage within the prescribed shelf life of the
      product. In addition, for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the
      Company recognized an estimated loss of $0.6 million, net of estimated
      insurance recoveries in connection with a voluntary recall of certain
      sunflower kernel products that was announced in the second quarter of 2016
      (see note 4).   

(4)  
     
       Severance and rationalization costs   

For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, severance
      and rationalization costs primarily related to the consolidation of the
      Company s frozen fruit processing facilities following the Sunrise
      Acquisition, which included lease termination costs associated with the
      vacated Buena Park facility and related corporate office located in
      Cerritos, California.   

For the quarter and three quarters ended October 3, 2015,
      employee severance costs included contractual severance benefits of $1.2
      million and previously unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of
      $0.9 million recognized in connection with the departure of Steven Bromley
      as the Company s Chief Executive Officer effective October 1,
  2015.    
  10. Income Taxes   
 For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016 and
October 3, 2015, the Company s effective tax rate was different from the
Company s statutory Canadian tax rate due to the Company s annualized mix of
earnings by jurisdiction, and the impact of discrete items including the
realization of $1.3 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits in the third
quarter of 2016. For the quarter and three quarters ended October 1, 2016, the
Company used the actual year-to-date effective tax rate to estimate tax expense
for these periods, instead of the annualized effective tax rate, as the
calculated annualized effective tax rate was found to be highly sensitive to
changes in estimates of total net earnings. The Company recognized a recovery of
income tax of $15.6 million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016,
compared with a provision for income tax of $4.8 million for the three quarters
ended October 3, 2015. Excluding the impact of the change in unrecognized tax
benefits, the effective tax rate was 43.8% for the three quarters ended October
1, 2016, compared with 31.3% for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. The
effective tax rates reflected the impact of changes in the jurisdictional mix of
earnings, mainly as the result of pre-tax losses in the U.S. for the quarter and
three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared with pre-tax earnings in the U.S.
for the corresponding periods of 2015, reflecting the effect in the first three
quarters of 2016 of higher cash interest costs related to the financing of the
Sunrise Acquisition, as well as discrete costs related to business acquisitions,
including the acquisition accounting adjustment to Sunrise inventory sold in the
period (see note 2) and amortization of debt issuance costs related to the
Second Lien Loan Agreement (see note 7), as well as the impact of other discrete
items including costs associated with the legal settlement with Plum,
consolidation of our frozen fruit processing facilities, and product withdrawal
and recall costs (see note 9). 

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  11. Earnings (Loss) Per Share   
 Earnings (loss) per share are calculated as follows:  
 
 For the quarter ended October 1, 2016, stock options to
purchase 1,873,871 (October 3, 2015   870,192) common shares were excluded from
the calculation of potential dilutive common shares due to their anti-dilutive
effect. For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, stock options to purchase
2,453,271 (October 3, 2015   405,996) common shares were excluded from the
calculation of potential dilutive common shares due to their anti-dilutive
effect.  
 For the quarter and three quarters ended October 1, 2016, all potential
dilutive common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per
share due to their anti-dilutive effect of reducing the loss per share.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  12. Supplemental Cash Flow Information   
 
  13. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Plum Dispute      
 Plum, a Delaware public benefit corporation and a subsidiary of
Campbell Soup Company ( Campbell ) and SunOpta Global
Organic Ingredients, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( SGOI ),
are parties to a manufacturing and packaging agreement dated September 21, 2011
(the  Plum Manufacturing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Plum Manufacturing
Agreement, SGOI agreed to manufacture and package certain food items for Plum at
SGOI s Allentown, Pennsylvania facility in accordance with Plum s specifications
regarding, among other things, product ingredients and packaging, manufacturing
processes, and quality control standards. On November 8, 2013, Plum initiated a
voluntary recall of certain products manufactured by SGOI at its Allentown
facility. On February 3, 2015, Plum filed a complaint against SGOI in the Lehigh
County Court of Common Pleas in Allentown, Pennsylvania. On April 13, 2015, Plum
filed an amended complaint adding packaging manufacturer and supplier Cheer Pack
North America ( Cheer Pack ) as a Defendant. SGOI asserted counterclaims against
Plum, crossclaims against Cheer Pack and third-party claims against Gualapack
S.p.A ( Gualapack ), Hosokawa Yoko, Co. ( Hosokawa ), Secure HY Packaging Co.,
Ltd. ( SHY ) and CDF Corporation ( CDF ). Cheer Pack asserted cross-claims
against SGOI. Plum alleged it initiated the recall in response to consumer
complaints of bloated packaging and premature spoilage of certain products,
which could lead to gastrointestinal symptoms and discomfort if consumed. Plum
alleged that the spoilage of its products resulted from a post-processing issue
at SGOI s Allentown facility. Plum sought unspecified damages equal to the
direct costs of the recall and handling of undistributed product, incidental and
consequential damages, lost profits and attorneys  fees. 
 On July 29, 2016, SGOI entered into a Mutual Release and
Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Plum, Campbell, Cheer Pack, Gualapack, Hosokawa, CDF and SHY. The
Settlement Agreement resolved the disputed issues among the parties in
connection with the litigation filed by Plum against SGOI, as described above.
Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company paid Campbell
$5.0 million in cash and will provide Campbell with rebates of up to $4.0
million over a four-year period in connection with Plum s purchases of pouch
products and Campbell s purchases of aseptic broth products pursuant to
manufacturing and supply agreements, as amended, between the parties and their
affiliates. In order for Campbell to obtain the full $4.0 million in rebates,
Plum and Campbell must order certain minimum quantities of pouch products and
aseptic broth products within each of the designated twelve-month periods over
the four-year rebate period. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, the
Company recorded a charge of $9.0 million in the second quarter of 2016, as the
Company believes there is reasonable assurance that the minimum order quantities
will be achieved (see note 9).  
   Employment Matter    
 On April 19, 2013, a class-action complaint, in the case titled
 De Jesus, et al. v. Frozsun, Inc. d/b/a Frozsun Foods , was filed against
Sunrise Growers, Inc. (then named Frozsun, Inc.) in California Superior Court,
Santa Barbara County seeking damages, equitable relief and reasonable attorneys  fees for
alleged wage and hour violations. This case includes claims for failure to pay
all hours worked, failure to pay overtime wages, meal and rest period
violations, waiting-time penalties, improper wage statements and unfair business
practices. The putative class includes approximately 8,500 to 9,000 non-exempt
hourly employees from Sunrise s production facilities in Santa Maria and Oxnard,
California. The parties are currently engaged in pre-class certification
discovery. The Company is unable to estimate any potential liabilities relating
to this proceeding, and any such liabilities could be material.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
   Other Claims    
 In addition, various claims and potential claims arising in the
normal course of business are pending against the Company. It is the opinion of
management that these claims or potential claims are without merit and the
amount of potential liability, if any, to the Company is not determinable.
Management believes the final determination of these claims or potential claims
will not materially affect the financial position or results of the Company. 
  14. Segmented Information   
 In connection with the Company s divestiture of its equity
interest in Opta Minerals on April 6, 2016, the Company recognized Opta Minerals
as a discontinued operation for the quarter and three quarters ended October 1,
2016 and October 3, 2015 (see notes 1 and 3). Prior to being recognized as a
discontinued operation, Opta Minerals was reported as a standalone operating
segment within the Company. With the divestiture of Opta Minerals, the
composition of the Company s remaining reportable segments is as follows: 
 
   Global Ingredients aggregates our North American-based Raw Material
  Sourcing and Supply and European-based International Sourcing and Supply
  operating segments focused on the procurement and sale of specialty and
  organic grains and seeds, raw material ingredients, value-added grain- and
  cocoa-based ingredients, and organic commodities.
   Consumer Products consists of three main commercial platforms: Healthy
  Beverages, Healthy Fruit and Healthy Snacks. Healthy Beverages includes
  aseptic packaged products including non-dairy and dairy beverages, broths and
  teas; refrigerated premium juices; and shelf-stable juices and functional
  waters. Healthy Fruit includes IQF fruits for retail; IQF and bulk frozen
  fruit for foodservice; and custom fruit preparations for industrial use.
  Healthy Snacks includes fruit snacks; nutritional and protein bars; and
  re-sealable pouch products.   
 In addition, Corporate Services provides a variety of
management, financial, information technology, treasury and administration
services to each of the SunOpta Foods operating segments from the Company s
headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario and administrative office in Edina,
Minnesota.  
 When reviewing the operating results of the Company s operating
segments, management uses segment revenues from external customers and segment
operating income to assess performance and allocate resources. Segment operating
income excludes other income/expense items and goodwill impairment losses. In
addition, interest expense and income amounts, and provisions for income taxes
are not allocated to the operating segments.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
  15. Subsequent Events   
   Series A Preferred Stock      
 On October 7, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company and
SunOpta Foods entered into a subscription agreement (the  Subscription
Agreement ) with Oaktree Organics, L.P. and Oaktree Huntington Investment Fund
II, L.P. (collectively, the  Investors ). Pursuant to the Subscription
Agreement, SunOpta Foods issued an aggregate of 85,000 shares of Preferred Stock
to the Investors for consideration in the amount of $85.0 million. The proceeds
were used to repay $79.0 million principal amount of Initial Loans outstanding
under the Second Lien Loan Agreement and pay expenses associated with the
transaction. In connection with the Subscription Agreement, the Company agreed
to, among other things (i) ensure SunOpta Foods has sufficient funds to pay its
obligations under the terms of the Preferred Stock and (ii) grant each holder of
Preferred Stock (the  Holder ) the right to exchange the Preferred Stock for
shares of common stock of the Company (the  Common Shares ). The Preferred Stock
is non-participating with the Common Shares in dividends and undistributed
earnings of the Company. 
 The Preferred Stock has a stated value and initial liquidation
preference of $1,000 per share. Cumulative preferred dividends accrue daily on
the Preferred Stock at an annualized rate of 8.0% prior to October 5, 2025 and
12.5% thereafter, in each case of the liquidation preference (subject to an
increase of 1.0% per quarter, up to a maximum rate of 5.0% per quarter on the
occurrence of certain events of non-compliance). Prior to October 5, 2025,
SunOpta Foods may pay dividends in cash or elect, in lieu of paying cash, to add
the amount that would have been paid to the liquidation preference. After
October 4, 2025, the failure to pay dividends in cash will be an event of
non-compliance. The Preferred Stock ranks senior to the shares of common stock
of SunOpta Foods with respect to dividend rights and rights on the distribution
of assets on any liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Company or
SunOpta Foods. 
 At any time, the Holders may exchange their shares of Preferred
Stock, in whole or in part, into the number of Common Shares equal to, per share
of Preferred Stock, the quotient of the liquidation preference divided by $7.50
(such price, the  Exchange Price  and such quotient, the  Exchange Rate ). As at
October 7, 2016, the aggregate shares of Preferred Stock outstanding were
exchangeable into 11,333,333 Common Shares. The Exchange Price is subject to
certain anti-dilution adjustments, including a weighted-average adjustment for
issuances of Common Shares below the Exchange Price, provided that the Exchange
Price may not be lower than $7.00 (subject to adjustment in certain
circumstances). SunOpta Foods may cause the Holders to exchange all of the
Preferred Stock into a number of Common Shares based on the applicable Exchange
Price if (i) fewer than 10% of the shares of Preferred Stock issued on the
Closing Date remain outstanding or (ii) on or after the third anniversary of the
Closing Date, the average volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares
during the then preceding 20 trading day period is greater than 200% of the
Exchange Price. Prior to the receipt of applicable approval by the holder of
Common Shares, shares of Preferred Stock are not exchangeable into more than
19.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exchange. 
 At any time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing
Date, SunOpta Foods may redeem all of the Preferred Stock for an amount, per
share of Preferred Stock, equal to the value of the liquidation preference at
such time. Upon certain events involving a change of control of the Company,
SunOpta Foods must use reasonable efforts to provide the Holders with the option
to exchange shares of the Preferred Stock for a security in the surviving or
successor entity that has the same rights, preferences and privileges as the
Preferred Stock as adjusted for the change of control. SunOpta Foods will also
offer to redeem the Preferred Stock at an amount per share equal to the greater
of (i) the liquidation preference plus an amount equal to the value of
incremental dividends that would have accrued through to the fifth anniversary
of the Closing Date and (ii) the amount payable per Common Share in such change
of control multiplied by the Exchange Rate. 
 In connection with the Subscription Agreement, 11,333,333
Special Shares, Series 1 (the  Special Voting Shares ) of the Company were
issued to the Investors, which entitle the Investors to one vote per Special
Voting Share on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Common Shares,
together as a single class, subject to certain exceptions. As of the Closing
Date, the Special Voting Shares represented an 11.7% voting interest in the
Company. Additional Special Voting Shares will be issued, or existing Special
Voting Shares will be redeemed, as necessary to ensure that the aggregate number
of Special Voting Shares outstanding is equal to the number of shares of
Preferred Stock outstanding from time to time multiplied by the Exchange Rate in
effect at such time. The Special Voting Shares are not transferable and the
voting rights associated with the Special Voting Shares will terminate upon the
transfer of the Preferred Stock to a third party, other than a controlled affiliate of the Investors. The Investors will be
entitled to designate up to two nominees for election to the board of directors
of the Company (the  Board ) and have the right to designate one individual to
attend meetings of the Board as a non-voting observer, subject to the Investors
maintaining certain levels of beneficial ownership of Common Shares on an
as-exchanged basis. For so long as the Investors beneficially own or control at
least 50% of the Preferred Stock issued on the Closing Date, including any
corresponding Common Shares into which such Preferred Stock are exchanged, the
Investors will be entitled to (i) participation rights with respect to future
equity offerings of the Company; and (ii) governance rights, including the right
to approve certain actions proposed to be taken by the Company and its
subsidiaries.  

SunOpta Inc.     
   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
   
     For the quarters and three quarters ended October 1, 2016
      and October 3, 2015   
   
     (Unaudited)   
   
     (All tabular
      amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)
       
   Senior Secured Second Lien Notes    
 On October 20, 2016, SunOpta Foods issued $231.0 million
aggregate principal amount of Notes in exchange for the corresponding principal
amount of Term Loans borrowed under the Second Lien Loan Agreement. The Term
Loans were the result of the automatic conversion on October 9, 2016 of the
outstanding Initial Loans borrowed under the Second Lien Loan Agreement (see
note 7). 
 Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on
April 15 and October 15 at a rate of 9.5% per annum, commencing on April 15,
2017. The Notes will mature on October 9, 2022.  
 At any time prior to October 9, 2018, SunOpta Foods may redeem
some or all of the Notes at any time and from time to time at a  make-whole 
redemption price set forth in the indenture governing the Notes. On or after
October 9, 2018, SunOpta Foods may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any
time at the redemption prices equal to 107.125% through October 8, 2019,
104.750% from October 9, 2019 through October 8, 2020, 102.375% from October 9,
2020 through October 8, 2021 and at par thereafter, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to but excluding the date of redemption. In addition, prior to
October 9, 2018, SunOpta Foods may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to 35%
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes with the proceeds of certain
equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 109.500% of the principal amount
of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but
excluding the date of redemption. At any time prior to October 9, 2018, SunOpta
Foods may also redeem, during each twelve-month period beginning on October 20,
2016, up to 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at a price equal
to 103% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date of redemption. In
the event of a change of control, SunOpta Foods will be required to make an
offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 The Notes are secured by second-priority liens on substantially
all of the assets that secure the credit facilities provided under the Global
Credit Facility, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens. The Notes
are senior secured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with SunOpta
Foods  existing and future senior debt and senior in right of payment to any
future subordinated debt. The Notes are effectively subordinated to debt under
the Global Credit Facility and any future indebtedness secured on a first
priority basis. The Notes are initially guaranteed on a senior secured
second-priority basis by the Company and each of its subsidiaries (other than
SunOpta Foods) that guarantees indebtedness under the Global Credit Facility,
subject to certain exceptions.  
 The Notes are subject to covenants that, among other things,
limit the Company s ability to (i) incur additional debt or issue preferred
stock; (ii) pay dividends and make certain types of investments and other
restricted payments; (iii) create liens; (iv) enter into transactions with
affiliates; (v) sell assets; and (vi) create restrictions on the ability of
restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or advances or transfer
assets to the Company, SunOpta Foods or any Guarantor. The indenture provides
for customary events of default (subject in certain cases to customary grace and
cure periods), which include nonpayment, breach of covenants in the indenture,
certain payment defaults or acceleration of other indebtedness, a failure to pay
certain judgments and certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency. If an event
of default occurs and is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least 25% in
principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the principal of and
accrued and unpaid interest on, if any, all the Notes to be due and payable.

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations      
  Forward-Looking Financial Information  
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction
with the interim consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, for the
quarter ended October 1, 2016 contained under Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements,
and notes thereto, contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended January 2, 2016 ( Form 10-K ). Unless otherwise indicated herein, the
discussion and analysis contained in this MD A includes information
available to November 9, 2016. 
 Certain statements contained in this MD A may constitute
forward-looking statements as defined under securities laws. Forward-looking
statements may relate to our future outlook and anticipated events or results
and may include statements regarding our future financial position, business
strategy, budgets, litigation, projected costs, capital expenditures, financial
results, taxes, plans and objectives. In some cases, forward-looking statements
can be identified by terms such as  anticipate ,  estimate ,  intend ,
 project ,  potential ,  continue ,  believe ,  expect ,  could ,  would ,
 should ,  might ,  plan ,  will ,  may ,  predict , or other similar
expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. To the extent any
forward-looking statements contain future-oriented financial information or
financial outlooks, such information is being provided to enable a reader to
assess our financial condition, material changes in our financial condition, our
results of operations, and our liquidity and capital resources. Readers are
cautioned that this information may not be appropriate for any other purpose,
including investment decisions.  
 Forward-looking statements contained in this MD A are based
on certain factors and assumptions regarding expected growth, results of
operations, performance, and business prospects and opportunities. While we
consider these assumptions to be reasonable, based on information currently
available, they may prove to be incorrect. Forward-looking statements are also
subject to certain factors, including risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from what we currently expect. These factors
are more fully described in the  Risk Factors  section at Item 1A of the Form
10-K and Item 1A of this report.  
 Forward-looking statements contained in this commentary are
based on our current estimates, expectations and projections, which we believe
are reasonable as of the date of this report. You should not place undue
importance on forward-looking statements and should not rely upon this
information as of any other date. Other than as required under securities laws,
we do not undertake to update any forward-looking information at any particular
time.  
 Unless otherwise noted herein, all currency amounts in this
MD A are expressed in U.S. dollars. All tabular dollar amounts are expressed
in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts.  
  Overview   
 In connection with the sale of our equity interest in Opta
Minerals Inc. ( Opta Minerals ) on April 6, 2016 (as described below under
 Recent Developments   Sale of Opta Minerals ), the results of operations of
Opta Minerals for the current and prior fiscal periods have been reported in
discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations and cash
flows. Prior to being recognized as a discontinued operation, Opta Minerals was
reported as a standalone operating segment within SunOpta. 
  Calendar Year   
 We operate on a fiscal calendar that results in a given fiscal
year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday closest to
December 31. Fiscal year 2016 is a 52-week period ending on December 31, 2016,
with quarterly periods ending on April 2, July 2 and October 1, 2016. Fiscal
year 2015 was a 52-week period ending on January 2, 2016, with quarterly periods
ending on April 4, July 4 and October 3, 2015.  

Recent Developments   
   Strategic Review    
 On June 27, 2016, we announced that we had engaged external
financial and legal advisors to review our operating plan and to evaluate a
range of strategic and financial actions that we could undertake to maximize
shareholder value. The strategic review arose out of discussions with our
largest shareholders, some of which had advocated that we examine value
maximization strategies. We also announced that we had engaged a global
executive search firm to assist in identifying candidates who can add additional
operating, industry and capital markets experience and expertise to our Board of
Directors (the  Board ). The strategic review was concluded on October 7, 2016
with our announcement of a strategic partnership with Oaktree Capital Management
L.P., a private equity investor (together with its affiliates,  Oaktree ). 
 On October 7, 2016, Oaktree invested $85.0 million in
cumulative, non-participating Series A Preferred Stock (the  Preferred Stock )
of SunOpta Foods Inc. ( SunOpta Foods ). The shares of Preferred Stock are
exchangeable into common shares of SunOpta Inc. in accordance with certain terms
and conditions. Net proceeds from the issuance of the Preferred Stock were used
to repay $79.0 of borrowings made under our second lien loan agreement (the
 Second Lien Loan Agreement ), as described below under  Liquidity and Capital
Resources . 
 For more information regarding the terms of the Preferred Stock
investment by Oaktree, see note 15 to the unaudited consolidated financial
statements included in this report. 
   Governance and Management Transitions    
 On October 7, 2016, we increased the size of the Board to nine
directors and appointed two Oaktree-nominated independent directors, Dean Hollis
and Al Bolles, Ph.D., to the Board. In addition, on October 7, 2016, Brendan
Springstubb was appointed to the Board to replace Douglas Greene who resigned as
a director. Mr. Springstubb is a Principal at Engaged Capital LLC, one of our
largest shareholders.  
 On November 9, 2016, we announced that Rik Jacobs, President
and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), and Alan Murray, Chair of the Board, will
be stepping down from their respective positions. Mr. Jacobs  last day with the
Company will be November 11, 2016, and Mr. Murray s departure from the board was
effective concurrent with the announcement. 
 Director Dean Hollis has been appointed Chair of the Board,
and director Katrina L. Houde will serve as interim CEO. The Board has initiated
a search process for a permanent CEO. 
   Operational Review and Value Creation Strategy  
 
 We are conducting, with the assistance of Oaktree, a thorough
review of our operations, management and governance, with the objective of
maximizing our ability to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Through
this review, we have developed a value creation strategy built on four pillars:
portfolio optimization, operational excellence, go-to-market effectiveness and
process sustainability. Key actions include: 
  Portfolio Optimization   
 
   We continue to review our product offerings and are focused on simplifying
  our portfolio. We will invest in areas where we have a structural advantage
  and will assess the impact of exiting product lines where we are not
  effectively positioned.
   As described below under  Rationalization of Juice Operations , we
  have announced our intention to close our juice processing and packaging
  facility located in San Bernardino, California.   
  Operational Excellence   
 
   We are committed to ensure quality performance and improve operational
  excellence and have also identified significant savings opportunities in
  procurement and logistics.
   We plan to engage third-party support in manufacturing, procurement and
  logistics to enhance quality and capture savings.   

Go-to-Market Effectiveness  
 
   We are working to optimize the customer and product mix in existing
  channels and are also exploring opportunities across new channels to identify
  unmet market demand.
   The foodservice channel offers a substantial opportunity for us and
  additional resources will be deployed to develop this area.
   Our sales efforts will be reorganized by channel, rather than geography.
    
  Process Sustainability   
 
   We are focused on simplifying and strengthening the organization,
  improving plant operating levers, augmenting asset flexibility and capacities,
  investing in systems that can provide detailed data on supply chain and
  manufacturing processes to support commercial strategies and optimize working
  capital.
   We will develop and incentivize a culture rooted in accountability,
  results and continuous improvement.
   We have created a Project Management Office to manage all critical
  activities and work streams.   
   Rationalization of Juice Operations    
 On November 8, 2016, the Board approved the closure of our San
Bernardino, California  juice facility, after determining that it would
be more beneficial to transfer our juice production from the facility to
contract manufacturers with whom we have ongoing relationships, rather than make
further capital investments in support of the bottling or extraction areas of
the facility. These capital investments would have been necessary to satisfy
packaging format changes demanded by the facility s largest customer and to
address shortfalls in contracting sufficient supply of raw citrus fruit for the
upcoming season to allow for effective and efficient use of the facility s
extraction capabilities. In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded an impairment
loss of $10.3 million to write down the carrying value of the long-lived assets
associated with the facility. For more information regarding the impairment of
long-lived assets, see note 9 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements
included in this report.  
 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect to incur additional
facility closure costs of approximately $4.0 million to $5.0 million including
lease termination and employee severance costs. In addition, it is reasonably
possible that we may need to further adjust the estimated fair value of the
long-lived assets based on the final disposition of the facility. 
   Recall of Certain Roasted Sunflower Kernel Products
   
 During the second quarter of 2016, we announced a voluntary
recall of certain roasted sunflower kernel products produced at our Crookston,
Minnesota facility due to potential contamination with Listeria monocytogenes
bacteria. During the third quarter and first three quarters of 2016, we
recognized estimated losses of $12.0 million and $28.0 million, respectively,
related to this recall. Our estimates are provisional and were determined based
on an assessment of the information available up to the date of filing of this
report, including a review of customer claims received as of that date and
consideration of the extent of potential additional claims that have yet to be
received. For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2016, we recorded
estimated insurance recoveries of $12.0 million and $27.4 million for the losses
recognized to-date related to the recall. However, we may not recover the amount
of losses recognized to the extent those losses exceed the coverage available or
are excluded under our insurance policies. The recall may also have an adverse
impact on the value of the customer relationships intangible asset and goodwill
associated with our sunflower operations, which had carrying values of $6.6
million and $17.5 million, respectively, as at October 1, 2016. For more
information regarding the recall, see note 4 to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements included in this report.  
   Settlement of Plum Dispute    
 On July 29, 2016, we entered into a Mutual Release and
Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Plum, PBC ( Plum ),
Campbell Soup Company ( Campbell ), and various other parties. The Settlement
Agreement resolved the disputed issues among the parties in connection with the
litigation filed by Plum against our wholly-owned subsidiary, SunOpta Global
Organic Ingredients, Inc. ( SGOI ), which arose out of a voluntary recall by
Plum of certain products manufactured at our Allentown, Pennsylvania facility in 2013
(see Part II, Item 1  Legal Proceedings  and note 13 to the unaudited
consolidated financial statements included in this report).  

Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, we paid
Campbell $5.0 million in cash and will provide Campbell with rebates of up to
$4.0 million over a four-year period in connection with Plum s purchases of
pouch products and Campbell s purchases of aseptic broth products pursuant to
manufacturing and supply agreements between the parties and their affiliates. In
order for Campbell to obtain the full $4.0 million in rebates, Plum and Campbell
must order certain minimum quantities of pouch products and aseptic broth
products within each of the designated twelve-month periods over the four-year
rebate period. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, we recorded a charge
of $9.0 million in the second quarter of 2016, as we believe there is reasonable
assurance that the minimum order quantities will be achieved.    
   Sale of Opta Minerals    
 On February 11, 2016, Opta Minerals entered into a definitive
acquisition agreement, pursuant to which an affiliate of Speyside Equity Fund I
LP ( Speyside ) agreed to acquire substantially all of the issued and
outstanding shares of Opta Minerals. The acquisition of Opta Minerals by
Speyside was completed on April 6, 2016, following a vote of the shareholders of
Opta Minerals in favor of the transaction on March 31, 2016. 
 Upon closing of the transaction, we received aggregate gross
proceeds of $4.8 million (C$6.2 million), of which $3.2 million (C$4.2 million)
was received in cash, with the remainder received in the form of a $1.5 million
(C$2.0 million) subordinated promissory note bearing interest at 2.0% per annum
that will mature on October 6, 2018. We incurred direct costs related to the
sale of Opta Minerals of $0.8 million. The sale of our equity interest in Opta
Minerals was consistent with our objective of divesting our non-core assets in
order to become a pure-play healthy and organic foods company. We do not expect
to have any significant continuing involvement with Opta Minerals.  
 In the fourth quarter of 2015, we recognized a loss on
classification of Opta Minerals as a discontinued operation held for sale of
$10.5 million, or $7.7 million net of non-controlling interest, to write down
the carrying value of Opta Minerals  net assets to fair value less cost to sell
based on estimated net proceeds on sale of approximately $4.5 million as at
January 2, 2016. In the first quarter of 2016, we recognized a $0.6 million gain
on classification as held for sale which reflected a $1.1 million decline in the
carrying value of Opta Minerals  net assets, partially offset by a $0.5 million
reduction in the estimated net proceeds on sale. We have not recognized the
results of operations or cash flows of Opta Minerals for the period from April
1, 2016 to the closing of the transaction on April 6, 2016, as these amounts
were insignificant to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. For
more information regarding the sale of Opta Minerals, see note 3 to the
unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this report.  
   Five-Year Global Revolving Asset-Based Credit Facility
   
 On February 11, 2016, we entered into a five-year credit
agreement for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility in the
maximum aggregate principal amount of $350 million, subject to borrowing base
capacity (the  Global Credit Facility ), as described below under  Liquidity and
Capital Resources  and in note 7 to the unaudited consolidated financial
statements included in this report. 
   Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc.    
 On October 9, 2015, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the
issued and outstanding common shares of Sunrise Holding (Delaware), Inc.
( Sunrise ), pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated July 30, 2015 (the
 Sunrise Acquisition ), for total consideration of $472.7 million in cash.
Sunrise is a processor of conventional and organic individually quick frozen
fruit in the U.S. The acquisition of Sunrise is aligned with our strategic focus
on healthy and organic foods. Sunrise has been included in the Consumer Products
operating segment since the date of acquisition. For more information regarding
the Sunrise Acquisition, see note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial
statements included in this report.  
 In January 2016, we initiated the consolidation of our frozen
fruit processing facilities following the Sunrise Acquisition. Consequently, we
transferred all production volume from our Buena Park, California facility into
Sunrise s facilities located in Kansas and California. In the first three
quarters of 2016, we recognized severance and rationalization costs of $2.4
million related to closure of the Buena Park facility and associated corporate
office located in Cerritos, California. This operational consolidation is
expected to provide a large part of our targeted cost synergies from the Sunrise
Acquisition for 2016.  

Niagara Natural Fruit Snack Company Inc.   
 On August 11, 2015, we acquired the net operating assets of
Niagara Natural Fruit Snack Company Inc. ( Niagara Natural ), a manufacturer of
all-natural fruit snacks. Niagara Natural s operations are located in the
Niagara Region of Ontario. The transaction included a cash purchase price of
$6.5 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments, plus contingent
consideration of up to approximately $2.8 million based on specific performance
targets. The fair value of the contingent consideration obligation was
determined to be $2.3 million as at the acquisition date. Niagara Natural is a
strong strategic fit within our core consumer products strategy and has been
included in the Consumer Products operating segment since the date of
acquisition. For more information regarding the acquisition of Niagara Natural,
see note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this
report.  
 On May 5, 2016, we entered an agreement with the owners of
Niagara Natural to settle the contingent consideration obligation in exchange
for a one-time cash payment of $0.6 million. In the second quarter of 2016, we
recognized a gain of $1.7 million in connection with this settlement, based on
the difference between the fair value of the contingent consideration obligation
of $2.3 million as at April 2, 2016 and the cash payment.  
   Citrusource, LLC    
 On March 2, 2015, we acquired Citrusource, LLC ( Citrusource ),
a producer of premium not-from-concentrate private label organic and
conventional orange juice and citrus products in the U.S. We paid $13.3 million
in cash at closing and we may pay additional consideration based on the
incremental growth in Citrusource s base business. The fair value of the total consideration transferred to acquire Citrusource was $31.7 million as at the acquisition date. The acquisition of
Citrusource aligns with our strategy of growing our value-added consumer
products portfolio. Citrusource has been included in the Consumer Products
operating segment since the date of acquisition. For more information regarding
the acquisition of Citrusource, see note 2 to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements included in this report.  

Consolidated Results of Operations for the quarters ended
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015     

(1)  
     
       When assessing the financial performance of our operating
      segments, we use an internal measure of operating income that excludes
      other income/expense items determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This
      measure is the basis on which management, including the CEO, assesses the underlying performance of our operating
    segments.   

We believe that disclosing this non-GAAP measure assists
      investors in comparing financial performance across reporting periods on a
      consistent basis by excluding items that are not indicative of our core
      operating performance. However, the non-GAAP measure of operating income
      should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance
      measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following table
      presents a reconciliation of  segment operating income (loss)  to
       earnings from continuing operations before the following , which we
      consider to be the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial
      measure.     

We believe that investors 
understanding of our financial performance is enhanced by disclosing the
specific items that we exclude from segment operating income. However, any
measure of operating income excluding any or all of these items is not, and
should not be viewed as, a substitute for operating income prepared under U.S.
GAAP. These items are presented solely to allow investors to more fully
understand how we assess financial performance.  

(2)  
     
       When assessing our financial performance, we use an
      internal measure that excludes the following items from earnings
      attributable to SunOpta Inc. determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP: (i)
      results of discontinued operations; (ii) specific items recognized in
      other income/expense; (iii) impairment losses on long-lived assets,
      investments, and goodwill; and (iv) other unusual items that are
      identified and evaluated on an individual basis, which due to their nature
      or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a
      regular basis. We believe that the identification of these items enhances
      an analysis of our financial performance of our core business when
      comparing those operating results between periods, as we do not consider
      these items to be reflective of normal core business operations. The
      following table presents a reconciliation of  adjusted earnings  from
       loss attributable to SunOpta Inc. , which we consider to be the most
      directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial
measure.     

(a)  
     
       Reflects the impairment of long-lived assets associated
      with the closure of the San Bernardino, California juice facility
      (as described above under  Recent Developments   Rationalization of Juice Operations ).   

(b)  
     
       Reflects costs related to business combinations,
      including an acquisition accounting adjustment related to Sunrise s
      inventory sold in the third quarter of 2016 of $1.9 million, which is
      recorded in cost of goods sold; the non-cash amortization of debt issuance
      costs incurred in connection with the financing related to the Sunrise
      Acquisition of $2.2 million, and $1.4 million of additional financing
      costs expensed in the third quarter of 2016, which are recorded in
      interest expense.   

(c)  
     
       Reflects a $0.7 million adjustment for the estimated lost
      margin caused by the recall of certain sunflower kernel products (as
      described above under  Recent Developments   Recall of Certain Sunflower
      Kernel Products ), which reflects a shortfall in revenues against
      anticipated volumes of approximately $2.9 million, less associated cost of
      goods sold of approximately $2.2 million.   

(d)  
     
       Reflects legal advisory costs of $0.5 million associated
      with the recently completed strategic review (as described above under
       Recent Developments   Strategic Review ), which are recorded in selling,
      general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses.   

(e)  
     
       Reflects litigation-related legal costs mainly associated
      with the settlement of the Plum dispute (as described above under  Recent
      Developments   Settlement of Plum Dispute ), which are recorded in
      SG A expenses.   

(f)  
     
       Other includes fair value adjustments related to
      contingent consideration arrangements of $0.1 million, which are recorded
      in other expense.   

(g)  
     
       To tax effect the preceding adjustments to earnings and
      to reflect an overall estimated annual effective tax rate of approximately
      30% on adjusted earnings before tax.   

(h)  
     
       Reflects the realization of previously unrecognized tax
      benefits.   

(i)  
     
       Reflects additional logistics costs stemming from
      capacity constraints on imports and exports within the Global Ingredients
      segment, which were recorded in cost of goods sold.   

(j)  
     
       Reflects costs related to the retrofit of the San
      Bernardino juice facility and expansion of our Allentown,
      Pennsylvania facility to add aseptic beverage processing and filling
      capabilities, which were recorded in cost of goods sold.   

(k)  
     
       Other expense, net includes severance costs of $2.7
      million mainly for our former CEO, and $0.9
      million of business development costs mainly related to the Sunrise
      Acquisition and divestiture of Opta Minerals.    
  We believe that investors 
understanding of our financial performance is enhanced by disclosing the
specific items that we exclude from earnings/loss attributable to SunOpta Inc.
to compute adjusted earnings. However, adjusted earnings is not, and should not
be viewed as, a substitute for earnings prepared under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted
earnings is presented solely to allow investors to more fully understand how we
assess our financial performance.    

Revenues for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 increased by
25.8% to $348.7 million from $277.2 million for the quarter ended October 3,
2015. Excluding the impact on revenues in the third quarter of 2016 of business
acquisitions and associated product rationalizations (an increase in revenues of
approximately $85.0 million), estimated impact of the recall of certain
sunflower kernel products based on shortfall against anticipated volumes (a
decrease in revenues of approximately $3.0 million), estimated impact on west
coast pouch operations as a result of a fire at a third-party facility (a
decrease in revenues of approximately $2.0 million) and changes in
commodity-related pricing and foreign exchange rates (a decrease in revenues of
approximately $6.0 million), revenues decreased 0.9% in the third quarter of
2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015. This decrease in revenues
reflected lower volumes of specialty raw materials driven by a reduction in
contracted acres, and the timing of sales of frozen fruit into the foodservice
channel. In addition, the decrease in revenues reflected lower volumes of fruit
snacks and specialty bars due to customer turnover and the ramp-up of new
product offerings. These unfavorable factors were partially offset by higher
demand for organic ingredients and growth in aseptic beverage volumes with the
added output from our Allentown, Pennsylvania facility and new product launches.
 
 Gross profit increased $14.7 million, or 56.0%, to $41.0
million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016, compared with $26.3 million for
the quarter ended October 3, 2015. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit for
the quarter ended October 1, 2016 was 11.8% compared to 9.5% for the quarter
ended October 3, 2015, an increase of 2.3% . The gross profit percentage for the
third quarter of 2016 would have been approximately 12.3%, excluding the impact
of an acquisition accounting adjustment related to Sunrise s inventory sold in
the third quarter of 2016 ($1.9 million), and estimated lost margin as a result
of the recall of certain sunflower kernel products ($0.7 million), compared with
approximately 10.7% for the third quarter of 2015, excluding the impact of
demurrage, detention and other related expenses ($1.9 million) and costs related
to the retrofit of our San Bernardino, California  juice facility and
expansion of Allentown, Pennsylvania facility to add aseptic beverage production
capabilities ($1.5 million). Excluding these items, the gross margin percentage
increased 1.6% on an adjusted basis in the third quarter of 2016, compared with
the third quarter of 2015, which was driven mainly by increased efficiency and
lower costs at our aseptic beverage operations and improved pricing spreads on
organic ingredients. These factors were partially offset by lower production of
fruit snacks and specialty bars driven by lower sales volumes. 
 Total segment operating income for the quarter ended October 1,
2016 increased by $9.1 million, or 222.5%, to $13.2 million, compared with $4.1
million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. As a percentage of revenues,
segment operating income was 3.8% for the quarter ended October 1, 2016,
compared with 1.5% for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. The increase in
segment operating income reflected higher overall gross profit as described
above, partially offset by a $2.9 million increase in SG A expenses, mainly
reflecting incremental expenses from acquired businesses, as well as higher
costs related to the strategic review. As a percentage of revenues, SG A
expenses were 6.9% in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 7.6% in the third
quarter of 2015, which reflected efficiencies gained following the Sunrise
Acquisition. Partially offsetting the increase in segment operating income was
an increase in intangible asset amortization of $2.0 million in the third
quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, reflecting the
incremental amortization of identified intangible assets of acquired businesses,
as well as a $0.7 million increase in foreign exchange losses mainly related to
our Mexican frozen fruit operations due to a weakening of the peso relative to
the U.S. dollar.  
 Further details on revenue, gross margin and segment operating
income variances are provided below under  Segmented Operations Information .
 
 Other expense for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 was $10.3
million, which reflected the impairment of long-lived assets associated with the
San Bernardino juice facility. Other expense for the quarter
ended October 3, 2015 of $3.7 million included severance costs of $2.7 million
mainly for our former CEO, and $0.9 million of business development costs mainly
related to the Sunrise Acquisition and the divestiture of Opta Minerals. 
 The increase in interest expense of $11.1 million to $12.2
million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016, compared with $1.1 million for
the quarter ended October 3, 2015, primarily reflected increased costs
associated with borrowings under the Second Lien Loan Agreement and our credit
facilities in order to finance the Sunrise Acquisition, which included $2.2
million of non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the
Second Lien Loan Agreement. In addition, in the third quarter of 2016, we
recognized $1.4 million of costs in connection with proposed alternative
financing arrangements intended to repay in full the term loans outstanding
under the Second Lien Loan Agreement.  
 We recognized a recovery of income tax of $5.4 million for the
quarter ended October 1, 2016 (including the realization of $1.3 million of
previously unrecognized tax benefits), compared with a recovery of income tax of
$0.6 million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015, which reflected the impact
of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, mainly as the result of
pre-tax losses in the U.S. in the third quarter of 2016, compared with pre-tax
earnings in the U.S. in the corresponding period of 2015, which reflected the
effect in the third quarter of 2016 of higher cash interest costs related to the
financing of the Sunrise Acquisition, as well as costs related to business
acquisitions, including the acquisition accounting adjustment to Sunrise inventory sold in the period and the amortization of
debt issuance costs related to the Second Lien Loan Agreement, as well as the
impact of other discrete items including costs associated with the Plum legal
settlement, consolidation of our frozen fruit processing facilities and product
withdrawal and recall costs. For fiscal 2016, we expect our effective tax rate
to be in the range of 29% to 32%, excluding discrete items. 

Loss from continuing operations attributable to SunOpta Inc.
for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 was $3.4 million, compared with a loss of
$0.2 million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015, a decrease of $3.2 million.
Diluted loss per share from continuing operations was $0.04 for the quarter
ended October 1, 2016, compared with diluted loss per share from continuing
operations of $0.00 for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. 
 On a consolidated basis, we realized a loss of $3.4 million
(diluted loss per share of $0.04) for the quarter ended October 1, 2016,
compared with earnings of $0.3 million (diluted earnings per share of $0.00) for
the quarter ended October 3, 2015.  
 For the quarter ended October 1, 2016, adjusted earnings were
$6.3 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings of
$4.7 million, or $0.07 per diluted share for the quarter ended October 3, 2015.
Adjusted earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. See footnote (2) to the table
above for a reconciliation of  adjusted earnings  from  earnings attributable to
SunOpta Inc. , which we consider to be the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP
financial measure. 
  Segmented Operations Information     
 
 Global Ingredients contributed $137.2 million in revenues for
the quarter ended October 1, 2016, compared to $150.5 million for the quarter
ended October 3, 2015, a decrease of $13.3 million, or 8.9% . Excluding the
estimated impact on revenues of the recall of certain sunflower kernel products
and the impact of changes including foreign exchange rates and commodity-related
pricing, Global Ingredients revenues decreased approximately 3.1% . The table
below explains the decrease in revenue:  

Global Ingredients Revenue Changes   

Revenues for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $150,500   

Lower volumes of specialty corn and soy driven by a
      reduction of contracted acres, as well as decreased volumes of organic
      feed, roasted and other ingredient products  
     (13,864)   

Lower sunflower volumes attributed to downtime due to the
      impact of the recall of roasted kernels in the second quarter of 2016, and
      lower throughput after restarting our roasting operations, combined with
      lower export volumes of in-shell sunflower due primarily to a strong U.S.
      dollar  
     (6,213)   

Decreased pricing for organic seeds and nuts, coffee, oils,
      sugar and quinoa  
     (4,014)   

Decreased pricing of specialty corn, soy, sunflower and
      organic feed  
     (1,925)   

Higher sales volumes of internationally sourced organic
      ingredients including cocoa, fruit and vegetables, coffee, and seeds and
      nuts  
     12,690   
   
     Revenues for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $137,174 

Gross margin in Global Ingredients increased by $1.5 million to
$16.8 million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 compared to $15.3 million
for the quarter ended October 3, 2015, and the gross margin percentage increased
by 2.0% to 12.2% . The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue was
primarily due to the impact of favorable sales mix of higher margin organic raw
materials, as well as the impact in the prior year of demurrage, detention and
other costs associated with transloading capacity constraints in the
quarter. These were partially offset by the reduced throughput from the roasted
sunflower kernel and unfavorable impact of a weaker euro relative to U.S.
dollar. The table below explains the increase in gross margin:  

Global Ingredients Gross Margin Changes   

Gross margin for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $15,327   

Favorable impact on gross margins due to improved pricing
      spreads on internationally sourced organic ingredients, partially offset
      by reduced yield and other operational inefficiencies at European
      sunflower operations  
     1,845   

Improved pricing on organic feed and improved recoveries
      over the prior year related to transloading costs in the third quarter of
      2015, partially offset by lower pricing spread on specialty corn and soy
     
     834   

Favorable margin impact of mark-to-market gains related to
      commodity futures contracts  
     251   

Margin loss from downtime associated with the sunflower
      roasted kernel recall, and as reduced throughput following the restart of
      our roasting operations at our Crookston facility as well as lower export
      volumes of in-shell sunflower due primarily to a strong U.S. dollar  
     (1,461)   
   
     Gross margin for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $16,796 

Operating income in Global Ingredients increased by $2.8
million, or 59.5%, to $7.4 million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016,
compared to $4.6 million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. The table below
explains the increase in operating income:  

Global Ingredients Operating Income Changes   

Operating income for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $4,642   

Increase in gross margin, as explained above  
     1,469   

Decrease in SG A expenses, primarily due to
      professional fees, other SG A costs and lower compensation costs,
      partially offset by decreased foreign exchange gains on forward derivative
      contracts  
     853   

Decrease in corporate cost allocations  
     440   
   
     Operating income for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $7,404 

Looking forward, we believe Global Ingredients is well
positioned in growing non-GMO and organic food categories. We intend to focus
our efforts on (i) growing our organic sourcing and supply capabilities, making
certified organic ingredients a larger proportion of our overall sales; (ii)
leveraging our international sourcing and supply capabilities internally, and
forward and backward integrating where opportunities exist; and (iii) expanding
our international sales base via strategic relationships for procurement of
product to drive incremental sales volume. The statements in this paragraph are
forward-looking statements. See  Forward-Looking Statements  above. Increased
supply pressure in the commodity-based markets in which we operate, increased
competition, volume decreases or loss of customers, unexpected delays in our
expansion plans, or our inability to secure quality inputs or achieve our
product mix or cost reduction goals, along with the other factors described
above under  Forward-Looking Statements , could adversely impact our ability to
meet these forward-looking expectations.    

Consumer Products contributed $211.6 million in revenues for
the quarter ended October 1, 2016, compared to $126.7 million for the quarter
ended October 3, 2015, an $84.8 million, or a 67.0% increase. Excluding the
impact of business acquisitions and associated product rationalizations, as well
as the estimated impact on west coast pouch operations as a result of a fire at
a third-party facility, Consumer Products revenues increased 0.6% . The table
below explains the increase in revenues:  

Consumer Products Revenue Changes   

Revenues for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $126,713   

Acquired revenues as a result of the acquisition of
      Sunrise, partially offset by the impact of customer transition following
      the closure of the Buena Park processing facility in the first quarter of
      2016, as well as lower volumes in the foodservice customer market in the
      third quarter  
     78,249   

Higher sales of aseptic beverages including retail almond
      beverages and non-dairy into the foodservice channel, along with stronger
      sales of shelf-stable juice as a result of new product innovation  
     10,880   

Lower volumes of fruit snacks and specialty bars, partially
      offset by increased volumes of resealable pouch offerings from our east
      coast pouch facility as a result of new business contracted  
     (2,576)   

Impact on revenues from closure of west coast pouch
      operations as a result of a fire at a third-party facility in the third
      quarter  
     (1,708)   
   
     Revenues for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $211,558 

Gross margin in Consumer Products increased by $13.3 million to
$24.2 million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 compared to $11.0 million
for the quarter ended October 3, 2015, and the gross margin percentage increased
by 2.8% to 11.5% . For the quarter ended October 1, 2016 gross margin as a
percentage of revenue was impacted by a $1.9 million acquisition accounting
adjustment related to Sunrise inventory sold. Excluding these costs, the gross
margin percentage in the consumer products segment would have been 12.7% for the
quarter ended October 1, 2016. The increase in gross margin percentage reflected
the higher margin profile of 2015 acquisitions, and increased facility
utilization and operating efficiencies within the beverage operations, partially
offset by lower production volumes of fruit snacks and specialty bars due to
lower sales demand. The table below explains the increase in gross margin:  

Consumer Products Gross Margin Changes   

Gross margin for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $10,982   

Margin impact of the Sunrise Acquisition and improved
      pricing for frozen fruit offerings and for fruit bases and toppings  
     12,249   

Increased contribution from sales of aseptic and
      non-aseptic private label beverages, driven by increased production
      volumes and higher facility utilization  
     4,297   

Margin impact from acquisition accounting adjustment
      related to Sunrise inventory sold in the quarter  
     (1,890)   

Lower volumes of fruit snacks and specialty bars, partially
      offset by increased volumes of resealable pouch offerings from our east
      coast pouch facility as a result of new business contracted  
     (1,404)   
   
     Gross margin for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $24,234 

Operating income in Consumer Products increased by $6.2
million, or 335.0%, to $8.1 million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016,
compared to $1.9 million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. The table below
explains the increase in operating income:  

Consumer Products Operating Income Changes   

Operating income for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $1,863   

Increase in gross margin, as explained above  
     13,252   

Increased SG A costs due primarily to the acquisitions
      of Sunrise and Niagara Natural, and increased foreign exchange losses on
      international operations, partially offset by lower compensation costs  
     (5,366)   

Increase in corporate cost allocations  
     (1,645)   
   
     Operating income for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $8,104 

During 2015, we completed three strategic acquisitions in each
of our primary consumer product commercial platforms; healthy beverage, healthy
fruit, and healthy snacks. In addition, we completed a significant capacity
expansion at our West Coast aseptic beverage facility, and in the fourth quarter
opened a new East Coast aseptic beverage facility. All of these acquisitions and
investments are designed to expand our ability to address fast growing markets,
provide a strategic east-west footprint, strengthen our revenue growth, and
drive improvements in our margin profile and operating income. Looking forward
we intend to leverage these new assets, as well as our innovation capabilities
to bring new value-added packaged products and processes to market and to
increase our capacity utilization across the Consumer Products segment. In
addition, we believe the Sunrise Acquisition will allow us to further leverage
our global sourcing expertise, as it provides us with a leading market positon
in conventional and organic private label IQF fruit. The statements in this
paragraph are forward-looking statements. See  Forward-Looking Statements 
above. Unfavorable shifts in consumer preferences, increased competition,
availability of raw material supply, volume decreases or loss of customers,
unexpected delays in our expansion and integration plans, inefficiencies in our
manufacturing processes, lack of consumer product acceptance, or our inability
to successfully implement the particular goals and strategies indicated above,
along with the other factors described above under  Forward-Looking Statements ,
could have an adverse impact on these forward-looking expectations.    

Operating loss at Corporate Services decreased by $0.1 million
to $2.3 million for the quarter ended October 1, 2016, from a loss of $2.4
million for the quarter ended October 3, 2015. The table below explains the
decrease in operating loss:  

Corporate Services Operating Loss Changes   

Operating loss for the quarter ended October 3, 2015  
     $(2,406)   

Increase in corporate cost allocations that are charged to
      SunOpta reporting segments, due in part to a further centralization of
      services  
     1,205   

Higher compensation-related costs due to increased
      headcount, stock-based compensation and health benefits  
     (1,043)   

Increased information technology consulting, professional
      fees and costs associated with litigation now resolved, partially offset
      by lower foreign exchange losses  
     (43)   
   
     Operating loss for the quarter ended October 1, 2016  
      $(2,287) 

Management fees mainly consist of salaries of corporate
personnel who perform back office functions for operating segments, as well as
costs related to the enterprise resource management system. These expenses are
allocated to the operating segments based on (1) specific identification of
allocable costs that represent a service provided to each segment and (2) a
proportionate distribution of costs based on a weighting of factors such as
revenue contribution and number of people employed within each segment. The 2016
management fee allocations reflect the additional revenues and head count added
as a result of the acquisitions of Sunrise, Citrusource, and Niagara Natural.
These acquisitions added approximately $350.0 million in annualized revenues all
to the Consumer Products segment.  

Consolidated Results of Operations for the three quarters
ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015     

(1)  
     
       When assessing the financial performance of our operating
      segments, we use an internal measure of operating income that excludes
      other income/expense items determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This
      measure is the basis on which management, including the CEO, assesses the underlying performance of our operating
    segments.   

We believe that disclosing this non-GAAP measure assists
      investors in comparing financial performance across reporting periods on a
      consistent basis by excluding items that are not indicative of our core
      operating performance. However, the non-GAAP measure of operating income
      should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance
      measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following table
      presents a reconciliation of  segment operating income (loss)  to
       earnings from continuing operations before the following , which we
      consider to be the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial
      measure.     

We believe that investors 
understanding of our financial performance is enhanced by disclosing the
specific items that we exclude from segment operating income. However, any
measure of operating income excluding any or all of these items is not, and
should not be viewed as, a substitute for operating income prepared under U.S.
GAAP. These items are presented solely to allow investors to more fully
understand how we assess financial performance.  

(2)  
     
       When assessing our financial performance, we use an
      internal measure that excludes the following items from earnings
      attributable to SunOpta Inc. determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP: (i)
      results of discontinued operations; (ii) specific items recognized in
      other income/expense; (iii) impairment losses on long-lived assets,
      investments, and goodwill; and (iv) other unusual items that are
      identified and evaluated on an individual basis, which due to their nature
      or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a
      regular basis. We believe that the identification of these items enhances
      an analysis of our financial performance of our core business when
      comparing those operating results between periods, as we do not consider
      these items to be reflective of normal core business operations. The
      following table presents a reconciliation of  adjusted earnings  from
       loss attributable to SunOpta Inc. , which we consider to be the most
      directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial
measure.     

(a)  
     
       Reflects costs related to business combinations,
      including an acquisition accounting adjustment related to Sunrise s
      inventory sold in the first three quarters of 2016 of $13.4 million, which
      is recorded in cost of goods sold; the non-cash amortization of debt
      issuance costs incurred in connection with the financing related to the
      Sunrise Acquisition of $7.8 million, as well as $2.4 million of additional
      financing costs expensed, which are recorded in interest expense; and $2.4
      million of integration costs related to the closure and consolidation of
      our frozen fruit processing facilities following the Sunrise Acquisition,
      which are recorded in cost of goods sold and other expense.   

(b)  
     
       Reflects the charge recorded in connection with the
      settlement of the Plum dispute (as described above under  Recent
      Developments   Settlement of Plum Dispute ), which is recorded in other
      expense. Also includes $1.6 million (2015 - $1.2 million) of
      litigation-related legal costs mainly associated with the Plum dispute,
      which are recorded in SG A expenses.   

(c)  
     
       Reflects the impairment of long-lived assets associated
      with the closure of the San Bernardino, California juice facility (as
      described above under  Recent Developments   Rationalization of Juice Operations ).   

(d)  
     
       Reflects costs of $1.1 million associated with a
      voluntary withdrawal of private label orange juice in the first quarter of
      2016, as well as $0.6 million associated with the recall of certain
      sunflower kernel products, net of expected insurance recoveries (as
      described above under  Recent Developments   Recall of Certain Sunflower
      Kernel Products ), which are recorded in other expense. Also includes a
      $1.0 million adjustment for the estimated lost margin caused by the
      sunflower recall, which reflects a shortfall in revenues against
      anticipated volumes of approximately $6.4 million, less associated cost of
      goods sold of approximately $5.4 million.   

(e)  
     
       Plant start-up costs relate to the ramp-up of production
      at our Allentown, Pennsylvania facility following the completion of the
      addition of aseptic beverage processing and filling capabilities in the
      fourth quarter of 2015, which are recorded in cost of goods sold. These
      start-up costs reflect the negative gross margin reported by the facility
      as the facility ramped up to break-even production levels.   

(f)  
     
       Reflects legal advisory costs of $0.5 million associated
      with the recently completed strategic review (as described above under
       Recent Developments   Strategic Review ), which are recorded in SG A
      expenses.   

(g)  
     
       Reflects the write-off to interest expense of $0.2
      million of remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to our North
      American credit facilities, which were replaced by the Global Credit
      Facility.   

(h)  
     
       Other includes severance costs of $0.6 million and fair
      value adjustments related to contingent consideration arrangements of $0.6
      million, which are recorded in other expense.     

(i)  
     
       Reflects the gain on settlement of the contingent
      consideration obligation related to Niagara Natural (as described above
      under  Recent Development   Niagara Natural), which is recorded in other
      income.   

(j)  
     
       To tax effect the preceding adjustments to earnings and
      to reflect an overall estimated annual effective tax rate of approximately
      30% on adjusted earnings before tax.   

(k)  
     
       Reflects the realization of previously unrecognized tax
      benefits.   

(l)  
     
       Reflects costs related to the retrofit of the San
      Bernardino juice facility and expansion of the Allentown facility
      to add aseptic beverage processing and filling capabilities, which were
      recorded in cost of goods sold.   

(m)  
     
       Reflects additional logistics costs stemming from
      capacity constraints on imports and exports within the Global Ingredients
      segment, which were recorded in cost of goods sold.   

(n)  
     
       Other expense, net included severance costs of $2.7
      million mainly for our former CEO, and $1.4 million of business development
      costs mainly related to the acquisitions of Sunrise and Citrusource, as
      well as the divestiture of Opta Minerals.    
  We believe that investors 
understanding of our financial performance is enhanced by disclosing the
specific items that we exclude from earnings/loss attributable to SunOpta Inc.
to compute adjusted earnings. However, adjusted earnings is not, and should not
be viewed as, a substitute for earnings prepared under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted
earnings is presented solely to allow investors to more fully understand how we
assess our financial performance.    
 Revenues for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 increased
by 26.6% to $1,049.2 million from $828.8 million for the three quarters ended
October 3, 2015. Excluding the impact on revenues in the first three quarters of
2016 of business acquisitions and associated product rationalizations (an
increase in revenues of approximately $231.0 million), estimated impact of the
recall of certain sunflower kernel products based on shortfall against
anticipated volumes (a decrease in revenues of approximately $6.0 million),
estimated impact on west coast pouch operations as a result of a fire at a
third-party facility (a decrease in revenues of approximately $2.0 million), and
changes in commodity-related pricing and foreign exchange rates (a decrease in
revenues of approximately $21.0 million), revenues increased 1.7% in the first
three quarters of 2016, compared with the first three quarters of 2015. This
increase in revenues was driven primarily by increased demand for organic
ingredients and growth in aseptic beverage volumes with the added output from
our Allentown, Pennsylvania facility and new product launches. These factors
were largely offset by lower volumes of specialty raw materials driven by a
reduction in contracted acres, as well as the negative impact on sales of frozen
fruit of crop shortages stemming from a late strawberry harvest and lower
volumes sold into the foodservice channel. 
 Gross profit increased $23.8 million, or 27.9%, to $108.9
million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared with $85.1
million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. As a percentage of
revenues, gross profit for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 was 10.4%
compared to 10.3% for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015, an increase of
0.1% . The gross profit percentage for the first three quarters of 2016 would
have been approximately 11.8%, excluding the impact of an acquisition accounting
adjustment related to Sunrise s inventory sold in the first three quarters of
2016 ($13.4 million), start-up costs related to the ramp-up of production at our
Allentown, Pennsylvania aseptic beverage processing facility ($1.6 million), and
lost margin caused by the recall of certain sunflower kernel products ($1.0
million), compared with approximately 10.7% for the first three quarters of
2015, excluding the impact of demurrage, detention and other related expenses
($1.9 million) and costs related to the retrofit of our San Bernardino,
California juice facility and expansion of Allentown, Pennsylvania
facility to add aseptic beverage production capabilities ($1.5 million).
Excluding these items, the gross margin percentage increased 1.1% on an adjusted
basis in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with the first three
quarters of 2015, driven mainly by increased efficiency and lower costs at our
aseptic beverage operations and improved pricing spreads on organic ingredients,
partially offset by increased raw material costs for frozen strawberries that
could not be passed on immediately to customers, as well as production
inefficiencies within our frozen fruit operations in the first half of 2016
caused by a late harvest and resultant shortage of strawberries. 
 Total segment operating income for the three quarters ended
October 1, 2016 increased by $1.7 million, or 7.2%, to $24.7 million, compared
with $23.0 million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. As a percentage
of revenues, segment operating income was 2.4% for the three quarters ended
October 1, 2016, compared with 2.8% for the three quarters ended October 3,
2015. The increase in segment operating income reflected higher overall gross
profit as described above, partially offset by an $11.6 million increase in
SG A expenses, mainly reflecting incremental expenses from acquired
businesses, as well as higher litigation-related legal costs mainly related to
the Plum dispute, partially offset by lower employee compensation-related
expenses. As a percentage of revenues, SG A expenses were 6.9% in the first
three quarters of 2016, compared with 7.4% in the first three quarters of 2015,
which reflected efficiencies gained following the Sunrise Acquisition. Partially
offsetting the increase in operating income was an increase in intangible asset
amortization of $6.4 million in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with
the first three quarters of 2015, reflecting the incremental amortization of
identified intangible assets of acquired businesses. In addition, the increase
in segment operating income was offset by a foreign exchange loss of $3.1
million in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with a foreign exchange
gain of $1.0 million in the first three quarters of 2015, mainly reflecting the
impact of a weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro on forward foreign
exchange contracts within our international sourcing and supply operations,
compared with a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro in the
corresponding period of 2015, as well as the negative impact of a strengthening
of the U.S. dollar relative to the peso on our Mexican frozen fruit
operations. 

Further details on revenue, gross margin and segment operating
income variances are provided below under  Segmented Operations Information .
 
 Other expense for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 of
$22.7 million included charges related to the impairment of long-lived assets
associated with the San Bernardino juice facility ($10.3
million), settlement of the Plum dispute ($9.0 million), consolidation of our
frozen fruit processing facilities following the Sunrise Acquisition ($2.9
million), and voluntary withdrawal of private label orange juice product and
voluntary recall of certain sunflower kernel products ($1.7 million). These
charges were partially offset by the $1.7 million gain on settlement of the
contingent consideration obligation related to the acquisition of Niagara
Natural. Other expense for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015 of $4.4
million included severance costs of $2.7 million mainly for our former CEO and
$1.4 million of business development costs mainly related to the acquisitions of
Sunrise and Citrusource, as well as the divestiture of Opta Minerals.  
 The increase in interest expense of $31.6 million to $34.7
million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared with $3.2 million
for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015, primarily reflected increased
costs associated with borrowings under the Second Lien Loan Agreement and our
credit facilities in order to finance the Sunrise Acquisition, which included
$7.6 million of non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the
Second Lien Loan Agreement. In addition, in the first three quarters of 2016, we
recognized $2.4 million of costs in connection with proposed alternative
financing arrangements intended to repay in full the term loans outstanding
under the Second Lien Loan Agreement, and we wrote-off $0.2 million of remaining
unamortized debt issuance costs related to our former North American credit
facilities, which were replaced by the Global Credit Facility.  
 We recognized a recovery of income tax of $15.6 million
(including the realization of $1.3 million of previously unrecognized tax
benefits) for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared with a
provision for income tax of $4.8 million for the three quarters ended October 3,
2015. Excluding the impact of the change in unrecognized tax benefits, the
effective tax rate for the first three quarters of 2016 was 43.8% of the loss
before income taxes, compared with 31.3% of earnings before income taxes for the
first three quarters of 2015. The effective tax rates reflected the impact of
changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, mainly as the result of pre-tax
losses in the U.S. in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with pre-tax
earnings in the U.S. in the corresponding period of 2015, which reflected the
effect in the first three quarters of 2016 of higher cash interest costs related
to the financing of the Sunrise Acquisition, as well as costs related to
business acquisitions, including the acquisition accounting adjustment to
Sunrise inventory sold in the period and the amortization of debt issuance costs
related to the Second Lien Loan Agreement, as well as the impact of other
discrete items including costs associated with the Plum legal settlement,
consolidation of our frozen fruit processing facilities and product withdrawal
and recall costs. For fiscal 2016, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the
range of 29% to 32%, excluding discrete items. 
 Loss from continuing operations attributable to SunOpta Inc.
for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 was $17.1 million, compared with
earnings of $10.6 million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. Diluted
loss per share from continuing operations was $0.20 for the three quarters ended
October 1, 2016, compared with diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations of $0.15 for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. 
 Loss from discontinued operations of $0.6 million for the three
quarters ended October 1, 2016 reflected the loss from operations of Opta
Minerals of $2.0 million, which included an asset impairment charge of $1.2
million, partially offset by a $0.6 million gain on classification as held for
sale, net of recovery of income taxes and non-controlling interest of $0.9
million. Loss from discontinued operations of $3.0 million for the three
quarters ended October 3, 2015 mainly reflected an after-tax loss from
operations of Opta Minerals of $4.3 million, net of non-controlling interest of
$1.6 million.  
 On a consolidated basis, we realized a loss of $17.7 million
(diluted loss per share of $0.21) for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016,
compared with earnings of $7.6 million (diluted earnings per share of $0.11) for
the three quarters ended October 3, 2015.  
 For the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, adjusted earnings
were $13.1 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings
of $16.5 million, or $0.24 per diluted share for the three quarters ended
October 3, 2015. Adjusted earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. See footnote
(2) to the table above for a reconciliation of  adjusted earnings  from
 earnings attributable to SunOpta Inc. , which we consider to be the most
directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. 

Segmented Operations Information     
 
 Global Ingredients contributed $441.7 million in revenues for
the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared to $467.4 million for the
three quarters ended October 3, 2015, a decrease of $25.7 million, or 5.5% .
Excluding the estimated impact of the recall of certain sunflower kernel
products and the impact of changes including foreign exchange rates and
commodity-related pricing, Global Ingredients revenues increased approximately
0.4% . The table below explains the decrease in revenue:  

Global Ingredients Revenue Changes   

Revenues for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015  
     $467,405   

Lower volumes of specialty corn and soy driven by a
      reduction of contracted acres, as well as decreased volumes of organic
      feed, roasted and other ingredient products  
     (32,742)   

Lower sunflower volumes attributed to downtime due to the
      impact of the recall of roasted kernels in the second quarter of 2016, and
      lower throughput after restarting our roasting operations, combined with
      lower export volumes of in-shell sunflower due primarily to a strong U.S.
      dollar  
     (14,397)   

Decreased pricing of specialty corn, soy, sunflower and
      organic feed  
     (11,051)   

Decreased pricing for organic fruit and vegetables, seeds
      and nuts, quinoa, coffee, and oils  
     (9,818)   

Higher sales volumes of internationally sourced organic
      ingredients including cocoa, coffee, fruit and vegetables, and seed and
      nuts  
     42,074   

Favorable foreign exchange impact on euro-denominated sales
      due to the stronger U.S. dollar  
     223   
   
     Revenues for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016  
      $441,694 

Gross margin in Global Ingredients remained unchanged at $54.7
million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, and the gross margin
percentage increased by 1.0% to 12.4% . The increase in gross margin as a
percentage of revenue was primarily due to a favorable sales mix driven by
higher margin international organic raw materials and improved mix in domestic
raw materials as a result of a decline in acres contracted of low margin seed
and grain varieties, mark-to-market gains on commodity futures contracts, and
improved transloading operating efficiencies from the prior year, partially
offset by the impact of the sunflower recall on operations and lower pricing
spreads on non-GMO soy, corn and organic feed. The table below explains the
increase in gross margin:  

Global Ingredients Gross Margin Changes   

Gross margin for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015
     
     $53,225   

Margins impact due to improved pricing spreads on
      internationally sourced organic ingredients, partially offset by reduced
      yield and other operational inefficiencies at European sunflower
      operations  
     1,713   

Favorable margin impact of mark-to-market gains related to
      commodity futures contracts  
     1,589   

Margin loss from downtime associated with the sunflower
      roasted kernel recall, as well as reduced throughput following the restart
      of our roasting operations at our Crookston facility  
     (1,067)   

Lower pricing spread on specialty corn and soy, and organic
      feed partially offset improved recoveries over the prior year related to
      transloading efficiency costs in the third quarter of 2015  
     (744)   
   
     Gross margin for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016
     
      $54,716 

Operating income in Global Ingredients increased by $0.3
million, or 1.3%, to $24.3 million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016,
compared to $23.9 million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. The
table below explains the increase in operating income:  

Global Ingredients Operating Income Changes   

Operating income for the three quarters ended October 3,
      2015  
     $23,934   

Increase in gross margin, as explained above  
     1,491   

Decrease in corporate cost allocations  
     1,330   

Decrease in SG A expenses, primarily due to
      professional fees, other SG A costs and lower compensation costs  
     858   

Decreased foreign exchange gains on forward derivative
      contracts  
     (3,357)   
   
     Operating income for the three quarters ended October 1,
      2016  
      $24,256 

Consumer Products contributed $607.5 million in revenues for
the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, compared to $361.4 million for the
three quarters ended October 3, 2015, a $246.1 million, or 68.1% increase.
Excluding the impact of business acquisitions and associated product
rationalizations, as well as the estimated impact on west coast pouch operations
as a result of a fire at a third-party facility, Consumer Products revenues
increased 2.7% . The table below explains the increase in revenues:  

Consumer Products Revenue Changes   

Revenues for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015  
     $361,351   

Acquired revenues as a result of the acquisition of
      Sunrise, partially offset by the impact of customer transition following
      the closure of the Buena Park processing facility in the first quarter of
      2016, and lower volumes to foodservice customer market  
     216,330   

Higher sales of aseptic beverages including retail almond
      beverages and non-dairy into the foodservice channel, along with stronger
      sales of shelf-stable juice as a result of new product innovation  
     28,868   

Acquired revenues as a result of the acquisition of Niagara
      Natural as well as increased volumes of resealable pouch offerings as a
      result of new business contracted, partially offset by lower volumes of
      specialty bars  
     2,657   

Impact on revenues from closure of west coast pouch
      operations as a result of a fire at a third party facility in the third
      quarter  
     (1,708)   
   
     Revenues for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016  
      $607,498 

Gross margin in Consumer Products increased by $22.3 million to
$54.2 million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016 compared to $31.9
million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015, and the gross margin
percentage increased by 0.1% to 8.9% . For the quarter ended July 2, 2016 gross
margin as a percentage of revenue was impacted by a $13.4 million acquisition
accounting adjustment related to Sunrise inventory sold, as well as costs
associated with expansion activities at our Allentown aseptic facility of $1.6
million. Excluding these costs, the gross margin percentage in the consumer
products segment would have been 11.5% for the three quarters ended October 1,
2016. The increase in gross margin percentage reflected the higher margin
profile of 2015 acquisitions, and increased facility utilization and operating
costs within the beverage operations, partially offset by higher costs within
healthy fruit operations due to a delayed 2016 fruit harvest that led to
increased labor costs and higher raw material prices that were not yet built
into customer pricing. The table below explains the increase in gross margin:

Consumer Products Gross Margin Changes   

Gross margin for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015
     
     $31,907   

Margin impact of the Sunrise Acquisition and improved
      pricing for frozen fruit offerings, partially offset by lower margins for
      fruit bases and toppings  
     30,476   

Increased contribution from sales of aseptic and
      non-aseptic private label beverages, driven by increased production
      volumes and higher facility utilization  
     6,017   

Margin impact from acquisition accounting adjustment
      related to Sunrise inventory sold in the quarter  
     (13,404)   

Lower volumes of fruit snacks and specialty bars, partially
      offset by increased volumes of resealable pouch offerings from our east
      coast pouch facility as a result of new business contracted  
     (803)   
   
     Gross margin for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016
     
      $54,193 

Operating income in Consumer Products increased by $1.9
million, or 36.6%, to an operating income of $7.0 million for the three quarters
ended October 1, 2016, compared to operating income of $5.1 million for the
three quarters ended October 3, 2015. The table below explains the increase in
operating income:  

Consumer Products Operating Income Changes   

Operating income for the three quarters ended October 3,
      2015  
     $5,115   

Increase in gross margin, as explained above  
     22,286   

Increased SG A costs due primarily to the acquisitions
      of Sunrise, Citrusource and Niagara Natural, and increased foreign
      exchange losses on international operations, partially offset by lower
      compensation costs  
     (15,476)   

Increase in corporate cost allocations  
     (4,936)   
   
     Operating loss for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016
     
      $6,989 

Operating loss at Corporate Services increased by $0.5 million
to $6.5 million for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016, from a loss of
$6.0 million for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015. The table below
explains the increase in operating loss:  

Corporate Services Operating Loss Changes   

Operating loss for the three quarters ended October 3, 2015
     
     $(6,007)   

Increased information technology consulting, professional
      fees and costs associated litigation now resolved  
     (2,546)   

Higher compensation-related costs due to increased
      headcount, stock-based compensation and health benefits  
     (2,289)   

Increase in corporate cost allocations that are charged to
      SunOpta reporting segments, due in part to a further centralization of
      services  
     3,606   

Decrease in foreign exchange losses  
     692   
   
     Operating loss for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016
     
      $(6,544) 

Management fees mainly consist of salaries of corporate
personnel who perform back office functions for operating segments, as well as
costs related to the enterprise resource management system. These expenses are
allocated to the operating segments based on (1) specific identification of
allocable costs that represent a service provided to each segment and (2) a
proportionate distribution of costs based on a weighting of factors such as
revenue contribution and number of people employed within each segment. The 2016
management fee allocations reflect the additional revenues and head count added
as a result of the acquisitions of Sunrise, Citrusource, and Niagara Natural.
These acquisitions added approximately $350.0 million in annualized revenues all
to the Consumer Products segment.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 We have the following sources from which we can fund our
operating cash requirements:  
 
   Existing cash and cash equivalents;
   Available operating lines of credit;
   Cash flows generated from operating activities;
   Cash flows generated from the exercise, if any, of stock options during
  the year;
   Potential additional long-term financing, including the offer and sale of
  debt and/or equity securities; and
   Potential sales of non-core divisions, or assets.   
 On February 11, 2016, we entered into a five-year, $350.0
million Global Credit Facility, which replaced our previous North American
credit facilities, which were comprised of a $165.0 million facility and a
C$10.0 million facility, that were set to expire January 27, 2017, and our  92.5
million multipurpose European credit facilities that were due on demand with no
set maturity date. The Global Credit Facility will be used to support the
working capital and general corporate needs of our global operations, in
addition to funding future strategic initiatives. In addition, subject to
customary borrowing conditions and the agreement of any such lenders to provide
such increased commitments, we may request to increase the total lending
commitments under this facility to a maximum aggregate principal amount not to
exceed $450.0 million. The applicable margin in the Global Credit Facility
ranges from 1.25% to 1.75% for loans bearing interest based on LIBOR and from
0.25% to 0.75% for loans bearing interest based on the prime rate and, in each
case, is set quarterly based on average borrowing availability for the preceding
fiscal quarter. As at October 1, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of $223.5
million and approximately $105.0 million of available borrowing capacity under
the Global Credit Facility. For more information on the Global Credit Facility,
see note 7 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this
report.  
 On October 9, 2015, SunOpta Foods and certain of our other
subsidiaries entered into the Second Lien Loan Agreement with a group of
lenders, pursuant to which we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $330.0
million of term loans (the  Initial Loans ). The net proceeds of the Second Lien
Loan Agreement were used to partially fund the Sunrise Acquisition, as described
above under  Recent Developments   Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc.  As at
October 1, 2016, we had repaid $20.0 million of the outstanding principal of the
Initial Loans. On October 7, 2016, we used the net proceeds from the issuance of
the Preferred Stock to repay an additional $79.0 million principal amount of the
Initial Loans, as described above under  Recent Developments   Strategic
Review . The remaining $231.0 million aggregate principal amount of Initial
Loans matured on October 9, 2016 and automatically converted into a like
principal amount of term loans (such converted loans, the  Term Loans ), with a
maturity date of October 9, 2022. The Term Loans bore interest at 9.5% per
annum. On October 20, 2016, all of the outstanding Term Loans were exchanged for
a corresponding amount of 9.5% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due October 9,
2022 (the  Notes ) issued by SunOpta Foods. For more information on the Notes,
see note 15 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this
report. The Second Lien Loan Agreement was terminated in connection with the
issuance of the Notes. 
 We have an effective registration statement on file with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to which we may offer up to
$200.0 million of debt, equity and other securities. We also have a prospectus
on file with Canadian securities regulators covering the offer and sale of up to
$200.0 million of debt, equity and other securities. As described above under
 Recent Developments   Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc. , we issued 16.7
million of our common shares for gross proceeds of $100.0 million under the U.S.
registration statement and the Canadian prospectus. The remaining amount of
$100.0 million available under U.S. registration statement and the Canadian
prospectus could be used by us for a public offering of debt, equity or other
securities to raise additional capital. Our ability to conduct any such future
offerings will be subject to market conditions.  
 In order to finance significant acquisitions, if any, that may
arise in the future, we may need additional sources of cash that we could
attempt to obtain through a combination of additional bank or subordinated
financing, a private or public offering of debt or equity securities, or the
issuance of common stock as consideration in an acquisition. There can be no
assurance that these types of financing would be available at all or, if so, on
terms that are acceptable to us.  

In the event that we require additional liquidity due to market
conditions, unexpected actions by our lenders, changes to our growth strategy,
or other factors, our ability to obtain any additional financing on favourable
terms, if at all, could be limited.  
  Cash Flows   
   Cash flows for the quarter ended October 1, 2016
   
 Net cash and cash equivalents decreased $2.7 million in the
third quarter of 2016 to $1.6 million as at October 1, 2016, compared with $4.3
million as at July 2, 2016, which primarily reflected cash provided by
continuing operating activities of $17.0 million, which was more than offset by
the repayment of $13.1 million of borrowings under our line of credit facilities
and capital expenditures of $5.5 million.  
 Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations
was $17.0 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared with $18.3 million in
the third quarter of 2015, a decrease in cash provided of $1.3 million. The
decrease in cash used in operating activities in the third quarter of 2016,
compared with the third quarter of 2015, reflected the receipt of income tax
refunds related to 2015, mostly offset by an increase in accounts receivable,
mainly reflecting higher sales of frozen fruit in the third quarter of 2016,
compared with the second quarter of 2016. 
 Cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was
$5.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared with $12.8 million in the
third quarter of 2015, a decrease in cash used of $7.3 million, which mainly
reflected the upfront payment of $6.5 million to acquire Niagara Natural in the
third quarter of 2015, and a third-quarter-over-third-quarter decrease in
capital expenditures of $1.4 million, reflecting higher spending in the third
quarter of 2015 related to the expansion of our Allentown, Pennsylvania aseptic
facility. 
 Cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was
$14.6 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared with cash provided of $89.9
million in the third quarter of 2015, an increase in cash used of $104.5
million, which mainly reflected the net proceeds from the issuance of common
shares of $95.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. In addition, repayments
under our line of credit facilities were higher by $9.9 million in the third
quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, mainly reflecting the
upfront payment to acquire Niagara Natural in the third quarter of 2015.  
   Cash flows for the three quarters ended October 1, 2016
   
 Net cash and cash equivalents decreased $0.6 million in the
first three quarters of 2016 to $1.6 million as at October 1, 2016, compared
with $2.3 million as at January 2, 2016, which primarily reflected net
borrowings under our line of credit facilities of $65.8 million, that were more
than offset by the following uses of cash: 
 
   cash used by continuing operating activities of $35.3 million;
   capital expenditures of $14.8 million;
   repayment of $10.0 million of Initial Loans under the Second Lien Loan
  Agreement;
   payment of $5.5 million debt issuance costs related to the Global Credit
  Facility; and
   payment of $4.6 million of contingent consideration related to business
  acquisitions.   
 Cash used in operating activities of continuing operations was
$35.3 million in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with cash provided
of $0.3 million in the first three quarters of 2015, an increase in cash used of
$35.6 million. The increase in cash used in operating activities in the first
three quarters of 2016, compared with the first three quarters of 2015,
reflected the increased working capital requirements related to acquired
businesses, including the seasonal fruit purchases to support the Sunrise
business that occurred largely in the second quarter of 2016, partially offset
by the receipt of income tax refunds related to 2015. 
 Cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was
$18.7 million in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with $41.1 million
in the first three quarters of 2015, a decrease in cash used of $22.4 million,
which mainly reflected the total upfront payments of $19.8 million to acquire
Citrusource and Niagara Natural in the first three quarters of 2015, as well as
a decrease in capital expenditures of $7.0 million, reflecting higher spending
in the first three quarters of 2015 related to a retrofit of our San Bernardino,
California juice facility and the expansion of our Allentown,
Pennsylvania aseptic facility. These factors were partially offset by contingent
consideration payments of $4.6 million in the first three quarters of 2016
related to the acquisitions of Citrusource and Niagara Natural. Cash provided by
investing activities of discontinued operations reflected cash proceeds from the
sale of Opta Minerals of $3.2 million, net of cash sold.  

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations
was $49.9 million in the first three quarters of 2016, compared with $130.6
million in the first three quarters of 2015, a decrease in cash provided of
$80.7 million, which mainly reflected the net proceeds from the issuance of
common shares of $95.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. Net borrowings
under our line of credit facilities increased $34.5 million in the first three
quarters of 2016, compared with the first three quarters of 2015, including the
repayment in full of outstanding borrowings of $192.7 million under our North
American and European credit facilities with new borrowings under the Global
Credit Facility. The increase in borrowings under our credit facilities mainly
reflected increased working capital requirements and repayment of $10.0 million
of borrowings under the Second Lien Loan Agreement, as well as lower proceeds
from the exercise of stock options and warrants, partially offset by reduced
business acquisition spending. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 There are currently no off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our
financial condition.  
  Contractual Obligations   
 Except as described below, there have been no material changes
outside the normal course of business in our contractual obligations since
January 2, 2016:  
 
   On February 11, 2016, we entered into the Global Credit Facility which
  replaced our previous North American and European credit facilities. As at
  October 1, 2016, borrowings under the Global Credit Facility totaled $223.5
  million. Outstanding amounts under the Global Credit Facility are repayable in
  full on February 10, 2021.
   On October 20, 2016, we issued $231.0 million of Notes, bearing interest
  at 9.5% per annum, in exchange for an equivalent principal amount of
  borrowings under the Second Lien Loan Agreement (as described above under
   Liquidity and Capital Resources ). Annualized interest on the Notes will
  amount to $21.9 million through the maturity of the Notes on October 9, 2022.
    
  Critical Accounting Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.
GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, related revenues and expenses,
and disclosure of gain and loss contingencies at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and assumptions made require us to exercise our
judgment and are based on historical experience and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We continually evaluate the
information that forms the basis of our estimates and assumptions as our
business and the business environment generally changes. The use of estimates is
pervasive throughout our financial statements. There have been no material
changes to the critical accounting estimates disclosed under the heading
 Critical Accounting Estimates  in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of the Form 10-K.  
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk      
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk,
see Part II, Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk , of the Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to our exposures to
market risks since January 2, 2016.  
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures      
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 
 Our management has established disclosure controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Such disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to its management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.
Based on this evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of October 1, 2016.  
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting    
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has
evaluated whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) occurred during the quarter ended October 1, 2016. Based on that
evaluation, management concluded that there were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 1, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings    
  Plum Dispute  
 Plum, PBC ( Plum ), a Delaware public benefit corporation and a
subsidiary of Campbell Soup Company ( Campbell ), and SunOpta Global Organic Ingredients, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company ( SGOI ), are parties to a manufacturing and packaging agreement dated
September 21, 2011 (the  Plum Manufacturing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Plum
Manufacturing Agreement, SGOI agreed to manufacture and package certain food
items for Plum at SGOI s Allentown, Pennsylvania facility in accordance with
Plum s specifications regarding, among other things, product ingredients and
packaging, manufacturing processes, and quality control standards. On November
8, 2013, Plum initiated a voluntary recall of certain products manufactured by
SGOI at its Allentown facility. On February 3, 2015, Plum filed a complaint
against SGOI in the Lehigh County Court of Common Pleas in Allentown,
Pennsylvania. On April 13, 2015, Plum filed an amended complaint adding
packaging manufacturer and supplier Cheer Pack North America ( Cheer Pack ) as a
Defendant. SGOI asserted counterclaims against Plum, crossclaims against Cheer
Pack and third-party claims against Gualapack S.p.A ( Gualapack ), Hosokawa
Yoko, Co. ( Hosokawa ), Secure HY Packaging Co., Ltd. ( SHY ) and CDF
Corporation ( CDF ). Cheer Pack asserted cross-claims against SGOI. Plum alleged
it initiated the recall in response to consumer complaints of bloated packaging
and premature spoilage of certain products, which could lead to gastrointestinal
symptoms and discomfort if consumed. Plum alleged that the spoilage of its
products resulted from a post-processing issue at SGOI s Allentown facility.
Plum sought unspecified damages equal to the direct costs of the recall and
handling of undistributed product, incidental and consequential damages, lost
profits and attorneys  fees. 
 On July 29, 2016, SGOI entered into a Mutual Release and
Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Plum, Campbell, Cheer Pack, Gualapack, Hosokawa, CDF and SHY. The
Settlement Agreement resolved the disputed issues among the parties in
connection with the litigation filed by Plum against SGOI, as described above.
Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company paid Campbell
$5.0 million in cash and will provide Campbell with rebates of up to $4.0
million over a four-year period in connection with Plum s purchases of pouch
products and Campbell s purchases of aseptic broth products pursuant to
manufacturing and supply agreements, as amended, between the parties and their
affiliates. In order for Campbell to obtain the full $4.0 million in rebates,
Plum and Campbell must order certain minimum quantities of pouch products and
aseptic broth products within each of the designated twelve-month periods over
the four-year rebate period. 
  Employment Matter   
 On April 19, 2013, a class-action complaint, in the case titled
 De Jesus, et al. v. Frozsun, Inc. d/b/a Frozsun Foods , was filed against
Sunrise Growers, Inc. (then named Frozsun, Inc.) in California Superior Court,
Santa Barbara County seeking damages, equitable relief and reasonable attorneys 
fees for alleged wage and hour violations. This case includes claims for failure
to pay all hours worked, failure to pay overtime wages, meal and rest period
violations, waiting-time penalties, improper wage statements and unfair business
practices. The putative class includes approximately 8,500 to 9,000 non-exempt
hourly employees from Sunrise s production facilities in Santa Maria and Oxnard,
California. The parties are currently engaged in pre-class certification
discovery. The Company is unable to estimate any potential liabilities relating
to this proceeding, and any such liabilities could be material.  
 From time to time, we are involved in other litigation incident
to the ordinary conduct of our business. For a discussion of legal proceedings,
see note 13 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included under
Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
   Item 1A. Risk Factors      
 Certain risks associated with our operations are discussed in
Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
January 2, 2016. Except as described below, there have been no material changes
to the previously-reported risk factors as of the date of this quarterly report.
Our previously reported risk factors, together with the information below,
should be carefully reviewed in connection with an evaluation of our Company.
However, we have updated the risk factor below for items disclosed in this
report.  

Risks Related to Our Business   
   Product liability suits, recalls and threatened market
withdrawals, could have a material adverse effect on our business   
 Many of our products are susceptible to harmful bacteria, and
the sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury or
illness to consumers. Such injuries may result from inadvertent mislabeling,
tampering by unauthorized third parties, faulty packaging materials, product
contamination, or spoilage. Under certain circumstances, we or our customers may
be required to recall or withdraw products, which may lead to a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or result of operations. Our
customers may also voluntarily recall or withdraw a product we manufactured or
packaged, even without consulting us, which could increase our potential
liability, costs or and result in lost sales. A product recall or withdrawal
could result in significant losses due to the costs of the recall, the
destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of
product for a period of time. In addition, we could be forced to temporarily
close one or more production facilities. Even if a situation does not
necessitate a recall or market withdrawal, product liability claims might be
asserted against us. If a product recall or withdrawal were to lead to a decline
in sales of a similar or related product sold by a customer or other third
party, that party could also initiate litigation against us. While we are
subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities
and those of our co-packers comply in all material respects with all applicable
laws and regulations, if the consumption of any of our products causes, or is
alleged to have caused, a health-related illness in the future, we may become
subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product
liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity
surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm
could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and
consumers and our corporate and brand image.  
 For example, on July 29, 2016, one of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries agreed to pay $5.0 million in cash and up to $4.0 million in
rebates to one of our customers to settle litigation filed by the customer in
connection with a voluntary recall of certain products manufactured at our
subsidiary s Allentown, Pennsylvania facility. 
 On May 3, 2016, we announced a voluntary recall of certain
sunflower kernel products produced at our Crookston, Minnesota facility that
have the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes bacteria, and
a number of our customers initiated recalls of their products that contain the
affected sunflower kernels as an ingredient or component. While we have
recognized estimated losses of $28.0 million related to this recall, we may need
to revise our estimates to be materially larger as we continue to work with our
customers to substantiate the claims received to date and any additional claims
that may be received. We may also incur costs that are significantly greater
than our previous estimates. These revisions of our estimated losses and costs
may occur at any time as we continue this process.  
 Additionally, these losses do not reflect costs associated with
the interruption of production at the Crookston facility for the period from
April 21, 2016 to the time regular production resumed on or about May 15, 2016,
subject to a positive release protocol, or the costs to put into place
corrective and preventive actions at our roasting facilities. Our remediation
efforts are ongoing, and we expect to continue to incur related costs, which may
be material. Further, we are currently unable to estimate the impact that this
recall may have on our future sales of sunflower products or on our ongoing
relationships with our customers. The recall may cause us to lose future
revenues from, or relationships with, one or more material customers, and the
impact of the recall could affect our customers  willingness to continue to
purchase other unrelated products from us or could hinder our ability to grow
our business with those customers. We may not be able to determine the full
extent of the losses related to the recall for some time and certain factors
impacting these losses, such as our customers  processes for developing their
claims, the timing of submission of any such claims and the terms of our
customers  insurance policies and related coverage, are beyond our control. 
 Moreover, claims or liabilities of this sort might not be
covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we
may have against others. Although we maintain product liability insurance, we
may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the
amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a
further product recall could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Ongoing Operational Review and Our
Business Acquisition   s    
   We are conducting a thorough review of the Company s
operations, management and governance. Both the process of conducting this
review and its outcome and implementation could pose a number of risks that
could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of
operations    
 We are conducting a thorough review of our operations,
management and governance in partnership with representatives of Oaktree Capital
Management L.P. (together with its affiliates,  Oaktree ). Among other things,
our Board of Directors (the  Board ) has committed to a further review of
governance and leadership with a particular focus on continuing to add
independent directors with significant operating and supply chain expertise in
the food industry and continuing to ensure that we have the management resources
to implement our strategy and the action items that emerge from our operational
review. We are also considering a number of operational actions to improve our
profitability and streamline our operations for long-term success. These actions
may include rationalization or consolidation of certain of our operations or
facilities, reinvestment in certain of our operations or facilities, investments
in personnel, processes and tools, as well as other cost saving initiatives.
These actions could consume capital resources and could also give rise to
impairment and other restructuring charges that would be both cash and non-cash
in nature, and these charges could be material. 
 In connection with our operational review, we may decide to
take actions that could have a material impact on our operations, strategy,
governance, management and future prospects. Certain actions that we take may
lead to write-downs of assets and/or charges in future periods. In addition, we
cannot predict whether the actions we take will be successful in achieving our
goals of improving our profitability and financial performance and delivering
long-term value to our shareholders. Our ongoing review could expose us to a
number of other risks, including the following: 
 
   distraction of management;
   difficulties in hiring, retaining and motivating key personnel as a result
  of uncertainty generated by the review and the implementation of any resulting
  recommendations;
   difficulties in maintaining relationships or arrangements with customers,
  suppliers and other third parties; increases in general and administrative expenses associated with the need
  to retain and compensate business and recruiting consultants and other
  advisors; and
   increased volatility in the price of our stock due to uncertainties
  associated with the ongoing review.   
 The above risks could have an adverse impact on our business,
financial results, liquidity and financial condition. 
   Our significant investors may have interests that
conflict with those of our debtholders and other stakeholders    
 Under the agreements executed in connection with the strategic
partnership with Oaktree, Oaktree initially may acquire common stock of SunOpta
Inc. representing up to 19.99% of SunOpta Inc. s outstanding common stock. This
percentage may be increased to 27% under certain circumstances, subject to
shareholder approval. 
 Oaktree has nominated two members of the Board and is entitled
to designate two nominees for election to the Board so long as it beneficially
owns or controls at least 11.1% of SunOpta Inc. s common stock on an
as-exchanged basis. If Oaktree beneficially owns or controls less than 11.1% but
more than 5% of SunOpta Inc. s common stock on an as-exchanged basis, it will be
entitled to designate one nominee. In addition, Engaged Capital LLC ( Engaged
Capital ), SunOpta Inc. s second largest shareholder, has nominated one member
of our Board. 
 Oaktree is participating in our ongoing review of our
operations, management and governance. Oaktree s objectives and perspectives
during this review may not always be aligned with those of other stakeholders,
including our debtholders and smaller shareholders.  
 The interests of Oaktree and Engaged Capital, as well as their
affiliates, may differ from the interests of our other stakeholders in material
respects. For example, our large investors and their affiliates may have an
interest in directly or indirectly pursuing acquisitions, divestitures,
financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their
other equity investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to
us, including risks to our liquidity and financial condition. Our large
investors and their affiliates are in the business of making or advising on
investments in companies, including businesses that may directly or indirectly
compete with certain portions of our business. They may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to
our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be
available to us.  

A concentration of ownership within our large investors could
potentially be disadvantageous to, or conflict with, interests of our
debtholders or smaller shareholders. In addition, if any significant shareholder
were to sell or otherwise transfer all or a large percentage of its holdings, we
could find it difficult to raise capital, if needed, through the sale of
additional equity securities.  
   Item 6. Exhibits    
 The list of exhibits in the Exhibit Index is incorporated
herein by reference.  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SUNOPTA INC.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/ Robert McKeracher   

Robert McKeracher   

Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer   

(Authorized Signatory and Principal
      Financial Officer)     

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit No. 
     
      Description    

4.1  
     
       Amended and Restated Shareholder Rights Plan Agreement,
      dated November 10, 2015, amended and restated as of April 18, 2016,
      between SunOpta Inc. and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company LLC,
      as rights agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
      Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2016).    

4.2  
     
       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
      SunOpta Foods Inc., setting forth the terms of its Series A Preferred
      Stock, which is exchangeable for Common Shares of SunOpta Inc.
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2016).    

4.3  
     
       Articles of Amendment of SunOpta Inc., setting forth the
      terms of its Special Shares, Series 1 (incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
      12, 2016).    

4.4  
     
       Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2016, among SunOpta
      Foods, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as
      trustee and notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26,
      2016).    

4.5  
     
       Form of 9.5% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2022
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2016).    

4.6  
     
       Second Lien U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of October
      20, 2016, among the grantors referred therein and the Notes Collateral
      Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2016).    

4.7  
     
       Second Lien Canadian Security Agreement, dated as of
      October 20, 2016, among the grantors referred therein and the Notes
      Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the
      Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2016).

4.8  
     
       Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of
      October 20, 2016, among Bank of America, N.A. as first lien collateral
      agent, the Notes Collateral Agent and the grantors referred therein
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2016).    

10.1   
     
       Amended 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit C to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on
      Schedule 14A filed on March 31, 2016).    

10.2   
     
       Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under
      Amended 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
      July 2, 2016).    

10.3   
     
       Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
      (Non-Employee Directors) under Amended 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2016).    

10.4   
     
       Form of 2016 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under
      2013 Amended Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
      July 2, 2016).    

10.5 *    
     
        Employment Agreement, dated March 17, 2013, by and
      between SunOpta Inc. and Michelle Coleman.      

10.6 *    
     
        Employment Agreement, dated August 18, 2016, by and
      between SunOpta Inc. and Jill E. Barnett.        

10.7 *    
      Employment Agreement, dated
      August 18, 2016, by and between SunOpta Inc. and James P. Gratzek.     

10.8 *    
      Employment Agreement Amendment,
      dated August 18, 2016, by and between SunOpta Inc. and Edward Haft.     

10.9 *    
      Employment Agreement Amendment,
      dated August 19, 2016, by and between The Organic Corporation B.V. and
      G.J.M. Versteegh.     

10.10 *    
      Separation Agreement, dated
      August 22, 2016, by and between SunOpta Inc. and Daniel Turney.     

10.11*    
      First Amendment, dated as of
      October 7, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2016,
      among SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc., The Organic Corporation B.V., each
      of the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto from time to time, the
      lenders party thereto from time to time, Bank of America, N.A., as U.S.
      Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada
      Branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting
      through its London Branch), as Dutch Administrative Agent under the Dutch,
      and Bank of America, N.A, as Collateral Agent.    

10.12*    
      First Amendment, dated as of
      October 7, 2016, to the Second Lien Loan Agreement, dated as of October 9,
      2015, among SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc., certain subsidiaries of
      SunOpta Inc., the several banks and other financial institutions or
      entities from time to time party thereto, and Bank of Montreal, as
      Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent.    

10.13  
     Subscription Agreement, dated
      October 7, 2016, between SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc. and Oaktree
      Organics, L.P. and Oaktree Huntington Investment Fund II, L.P.
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2016).   

10.14  
     Investor Rights Agreement,
      dated October 7, 2016, between SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc. and
      Oaktree Organics, L.P. and Oaktree Huntington Investment Fund II, L.P.
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2016).   

10.15  
     Exchange and Support Agreement,
      dated October 7, 2016, between SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc., Oaktree
      Organics, L.P. and Oaktree Huntington Investment Fund II, L.P. and any
      person that becomes a Holder of Preferred Stock, from time to time
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2016).   

10.16  
     Voting Trust Agreement, dated
      October 7, 2016, between SunOpta Inc., SunOpta Foods Inc., the trustee
      named therein, Oaktree Organics, L.P. and Oaktree Huntington Investment
      Fund II, L.P. and any other Holder of Preferred Stock, from time to time
      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report
      on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2016).   

31.1    
      Certification by Hendrik
      Jacobs, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a  
      14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.     

31.2    
      Certification by Robert
      McKeracher, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule
      13a   14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

32    
      Certifications by Hendrik
      Jacobs, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert McKeracher, Vice
      President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.

101.INS  
     XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
      Document     

101.CAL  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
      Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Presentation Linkbase Document     

Indicates management contract or compensatory
      plan or arrangement.   
   
     *  
     Filed herewith.    

<EX-10.5>
 2
 exhibit10-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.5 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit     10.5        
 March 17, 2013  
 Michelle Coleman  [Address omitted]  
 Dear Michelle:  
 As per our discussions, I am most pleased to offer you the
position of Chief Human Resources Officer with SunOpta Inc.  
 Personally, I am extremely confident that you will be a great
fit with SunOpta and vice versa. Even more important, I am sure the role will be
both challenging and rewarding, but also a great deal of fun as we continue to
grow and position SunOpta as a world class leader in natural and organic foods.
I look forward to working with you in this role.  
  TITLE     Chief Human Resources Officer  
  REPORTING     TO   Steve Bromley, Chief
Executive Officer  
  OFFICE     LOCATION     7301 Ohms Lane
Suite 600, Edina, Minnesota  

  START     DATE      TBD   
  COMPENSATION   

  Starting     Salary:    Your base
compensation will be set at US $235,000.00 per annum, prorated for any partial
year of work. SunOpta, Inc. has 26 pay periods per year. Your salary and related
compensation package will be reviewed annually with the next review scheduled
for April 1, 2014.  
  Short     term     incentive  
  bonus:  You will be eligible to participate in the SunOpta Corporate
Bonus Plan (the  STI ). Your target bonus will be 30% of your salary, pursuant
to the terms of the Bonus Plan. The short term inventive plan is administered in
line with the fiscal reporting calendar. You will be eligible for bonus based on
the SunOpta Corporate Bonus Plan, which is based on a combination of budgeted
return on net asset (RONA) results (50%), budgeted corporate return on equity
(25%) and budgeted net earnings at the corporate level (25%). This plan has a
minimum threshold of 90% for all parameters and an upside is payable at 2% for
each 1% of target bonus overachievement for each metric. For net earnings at a
corporate level the over achievement starts at 100% of the budget before any allowance. The terms of this
plan are reviewed on an annual basis by the Board of Directors and are subject
to change.  

Exhibit     10.5        

  Long     Term     Incentive:  You
will be entitled to an annual long term incentive. Currently the incentive is
awarded via an annual grant of stock options which will be targeted to be
equivalent to 30% of your base salary, rounded to the nearest 100 shares. The
calculation of the value of the options toward the amount equivalent to 30% of
your base salary will be based on the "Black Scholes" method for determining
stock option value. The actual amount of the annual options grant is at the sole
discretion of the Board of Directors after considering current business
performance, current share price, availability of options in the Stock Option
Plan and other factors as deemed appropriate by the Board. Options have a ten
year term and vest over five years with the first 20% vesting after one year and
20% per year thereafter.  
  One     Time     Stock  
  Option     Grant:    In acknowledgment of your
appointment to this position, 25,000 Stock Options will be granted to you at the
first scheduled Board of Directors meeting following your commencement date, the
exercise price of which shall be the closing price of the Company's common
shares on the last trading day prior to this meeting. These options will vest
20% per annum on the anniversary date of the grant and have a ten year term. For
greater clarity, all terms and conditions relating to these options shall be in
accordance with the Company's Stock Option Plan. In the event the Company is
unable to issue and price stock options at the first meeting following your
commencement date due to restrictions with the issuance of securities by
regulatory authorities, these options will be issued and priced based on the
closing price on such date which is two days after the lifting of applicable
restrictions or the earliest date authorized by the applicable regulatory
authorities.    
  Car     Allowance : $750.00 per month based on
an allowance paid through payroll at $346.15 per pay.  
  Benefits:  You will be eligible to participate in the
SunOpta insurance benefit plan (the  Insurance Plan ), effective the
1 st  day of the month following 30 days of your hire date. You will
find the details of this plan in our Employee manual.  
  401K:    You   will be automatically enrolled
under the SunOpta 401K plan after six months of service.      
  Employee     Stock     Purchase  
  Plan : You may elect to contribute between 1% and 10% of your base
salary into the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, subject to maximum contribution
limits as detailed in the Plan. (Plan limits value of stock received through the
plan to a maximum of $25,000 per year). Stock is issued at the end of each
quarterly offering period based on a 15% discount to the average share price
immediately before the end of the offering period. You are eligible to enroll in
the plan at the beginning of the next offering period subsequent to your start
date. All senior management are encouraged to utilize this plan as one of the
methods available to establish an ownership position in the Company.  
  Professional     Fees:  The Company will pay
reasonable annual professional fees related to your employment.  

Exhibit     10.5        
  Paid     Time     off : You will be
granted PTO in accordance with SunOpta s policies and procedures and the laws of
Minnesota. You will be able to use four weeks PTO, pro rated for the remainder
of the calendar year, after completion of 90 days of employment  
    
  Change     of     Control:  In the
event of a Change of Control of the Company (defined as 50% or more of the
common shares owned by one investor group) all unvested options will immediately
vest.  
 In addition, should material changes be proposed to your
position, you will have the option to receive a lump sum severance payment equal
to twelve (12) months of the total of your then annual base salary and annual
bonus, plus the continuation of the auto benefits and medical, dental and
insurance benefits, with the exception of short and long term disability
insurance, for a period of twelve (12) months following the date that employment
is terminated.  
 For the purposes of calculating severance under a Change of
Control, the bonus will be based on the higher of the average of the prorated
year to date results, assuming a minimum of six (6) months have elapsed for that
current fiscal year plus the preceding year bonus payout or the average bonus
payout of your previous two years of employment.  
  Transition     Allowance:  You will also be
provided the following one time benefits in recognition of your transition from
your current employment.  
 
  SUNOPTA     POLICIES     
  Practices           Policies: 
You agree to be bound by and comply with all Company practices and policies
whether written or not, of which you are aware, or of which you ought to be
aware and such practices and policies form part of this contract of employment.
 
 You confirm that you have read, signed and agree to abide by
the terms and conditions of Business Ethics and Code of Conduct Policy as
described in our employee manual.  

  OTHER:     
 This employment offer is contingent upon successful completion
of pre employment drug screening, background screening, and your ability to
produce documentation of your eligibility to work in the United States, as
required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (as amended). Your
employment with SunOpta shall be at will, meaning that either you or SunOpta may
terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason at all.  

Exhibit     10.5        
 Please sign a copy of this letter, and email your acceptance to
the Talent Acquisition Department. Please retain a copy of this letter for
yourself and return the original via mail as confirmation of your understanding
and acceptance of these terms of employment.  
 Sincerely,  
 /s/ Steve Bromley  
 Steve Bromley  Chief Executive Officer  SunOpta, Inc.
 
 I have read, understand and accept the terms and conditions set
out in this letter.  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 exhibit10-6.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.6 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit    10.6     
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT   
 This Employment Agreement ( Agreement ) is between SunOpta Inc.
(such entity together with all past, present, and future parents, divisions,
operating companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates are referred to collectively
herein as the  Company ) and Jill E. Barnett ( Employee ).  

1.   
     
        EMPLOYMENT     
 This Agreement commences August 18, 2016 ( Effective Date ),
shall continue in effect until December 31, 2018, and shall continue in effect
each year thereafter unless by October 31, 2018 (or October 31 of a subsequent
year), a party gives notice to the other party of termination of the Agreement,
in which case the Agreement will terminate as of December 31 of the year in
which such notice is given. Employment during the course of the Agreement shall
be on an  at-will  basis, and either party has the right to terminate Employee s
employment for any reason, or for no reason, upon two-months written notice. The
Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to accelerate the employment
termination date and pay Employee in lieu of notice for the two-month notice
period and Employee has no guarantee of continued employment during the notice
period. The Company also has the right to terminate Employee s employment
immediately for Cause (as defined in Section 7 below). 

2.   
     
        TITLE AND EXCLUSIVE
SERVICES      

(a)   
     
        Title and Duties.  Employee s title is General
      Counsel, and Employee will perform job duties that are usual and customary
      for this position, all as determined by the chief executive officer or the
      Board or Directors.   

(b)   
     
        Exclusive Services.  Employee shall not be employed
      or render services elsewhere while employed by the Company; provided,
      however, that Employee may participate in professional, civic or
      charitable organizations so long as such participation is unpaid and does
      not interfere with the performance of Employee s duties to the
    Company.     

3.   
     
        COMPENSATION AND
BENEFITS      

(a)   
     
        Base Salary.  Employee s current annualized salary
      ( Base Salary ) is Two Hundred Seventy Seven Thousand Two Hundred Dollars
      ($277,200.00). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the
      Company s regular payroll practices and pursuant to the Company policy,
      which may be amended from time to time. Employee s Base Salary is subject
      to change from time to time by the Board of Directors or Compensation
      Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Compensation Committee ) in its
      discretion.   

(b)   
     
        Short Term Incentive.  Employee will be eligible
      for participation in the Company s annual short term cash incentive plan
      as approved and amended by the Board of Directors or the Compensation
      Committee in its discretion from time to time (the  Annual Short Term
      Incentive Plan ). For the 2016 fiscal year, Employee s eligibility for
      participation in the Annual Short Term Incentive Plan will be based on a
      forty percent (40%) target of Employee s Base Salary as of April 1, 2016.
      For years after 2016, the target level of participation will be
      established by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. There
      is no guaranteed compensation under the Annual Short Term Incentive
      Plan.   

(c)   
     
        Long Term Incentive.  Employee will be eligible for
      participation in the Company s long term incentive plan as approved and
      amended by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee at its
      discretion from time to time (the  Long Term Incentive Plan ), with the
      form, terms and amount of the awards as determined by the Board of
      Directors or the Committee. For the 2016 fiscal year, Employee s eligibility for
      participation in the annual Long Term Incentive Plan will be based upon a
      forty percent (40%) target of Employee s Base Salary as of April 1, 2016.
      For years after 2016, the target level of participation will be
      established by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. There
      is no guaranteed compensation under the Long Term Incentive
Plan.     

(d)   
     
        Employment Benefit Plans.  Employee may participate
      in all other employee welfare benefit plans in which other similarly
      situated employees may participate, according to the terms of applicable
      policies and as stated in the Employee Benefits Guide, which may be
      changed from time to time at the discretion of the Company. These benefits
      may include medical, dental, vision, short term disability, long term
      disability, life insurance, 401(k) and the Employee Stock Purchase
      Plan.   

(e)   
     
        Vacation.  Employee is eligible for paid time off
      of four weeks (160 hours) per calendar year, prorated as necessary, and
      subject to the Employee Benefits Guide.   

(f)   
     
        Expenses.  The Company will reimburse Employee for
      business expenses pursuant to the Company s policies, which may be changed
      from time to time at the discretion of the Company.   

(g)   
     
        Taxes and Deductions.  Compensation pursuant to
      this Agreement shall in all cases be subject to withholding for
      employment, payroll, income and other taxes and other
  deductions.     

4.   
     
        NONDISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL
  INFORMATION      

(a)   
     
       The Company has provided and will continue to provide to
      Employee confidential information and trade secrets including but not
      limited to the Company s marketing plans, growth strategies, target lists,
      performance goals, operational and programming strategies, specialized
      training expertise, employee development, engineering information, sales
      information, client and customer lists, business and employment contracts,
      representation agreements, pricing and ratings information, production and
      cost data, compensation and fee information, strategic business plans,
      budgets, financial statements, technological initiatives, proprietary
      research or software purchased or developed by the Company, content
      distribution, and other information the Company treats as confidential or
      proprietary (collectively, the  Confidential Information ). Employee
      acknowledges that such Confidential Information is proprietary and agrees
      not to disclose it to anyone outside the Company except to the extent
      that: (i) it is necessary in connection with performing Employee s duties;
      or (ii) Employee is required by court order to disclose the Confidential
      Information, provided that Employee shall promptly inform the Company,
      shall cooperate with the Company to obtain a protective order or otherwise
      restrict disclosure, and shall only disclose Confidential Information to
      the minimum extent necessary to comply with the court order. Employee
      agrees to never use trade secrets in competing, directly or indirectly,
      with the Company. When employment ends, Employee will immediately return
      all Confidential Information to the Company.   

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 4 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

5.   
     
        NON-INTERFERENCE WITH THE COMPANY
  EMPLOYEES      

(a)   
     
       To further preserve the Company s Confidential
      Information, goodwill and legitimate business interests, during employment
      and for twelve (12) months after employment ends (the  Non- Interference
      Period ), Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire, engage or
      solicit any current employee of the Company with whom Employee had
      contact, supervised, or received Confidential Information about within the twelve (12)
      months prior to Employee s termination, to provide services elsewhere or
  cease providing services to the Company.    
 2 

Initials:       

Company:____     

Employee:____     

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 5 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

6.   
     
        NON-SOLICITATION OF
CUSTOMERS      

(a)   
     
       To further preserve the Company s Confidential
      Information, goodwill and legitimate business interests, for twelve (12)
      months after employment ends (the  Non-Solicitation Period ), Employee
      will not, directly or indirectly, solicit the Company s customers with
      whom Employee engaged or had contact, or received Confidential Information
      about within the twelve (12) months prior to Employee s
  termination.   

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 6 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

7.   
     
        CHANGE IN CONTROL      

(a)   
     
        Definitions.  For purposes of this
  Agreement:   

Change in Control  means the occurrence of any of
      the following:   

(i) any  person  or  group  (within the meaning of
      Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
      amended ( Exchange Act )) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange
      offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone
      other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the
      meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
      securities of the Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the
      election of directors ( Voting Securities ) representing a majority of the
      combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities;
  or   

(ii) at any time during a period of two consecutive
      years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the
      Board of Directors of the Company ( Incumbent Directors ) shall cease for
      any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof; provided, however,
      that the term  Incumbent Director  shall also include each new director
      elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was
      approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office;
  or   

(iii) any consolidation, merger or plan of exchange
      involving the Company ( Merger ) as a result of which the holders of
      outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not
      continue to hold at least 50% of the combined voting power of the
      outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent
      corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger,
      disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders
      in respect of securities of any other party to the Merger.   

(iv) any sale, lease, exchange, or other transfer (in one
      transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially
      all of the assets of the Company ( Asset Sale ).   

Cause  means the occurrence of any of the
    following:   

(i) the commission of an act that constitutes a felony
      under the laws of the United States or any individual State or under the
      laws of a foreign country; or    
 3 

Initials:       

Company:____     

Employee:____     

(ii) the commission of an act of fraud,
embezzlement, sexual harassment, dishonesty, theft, or an intentional act that
results in a material loss, damage or injury to the Company; or  
 (iii) the commission of an act of moral
turpitude which is materially injurious to the Company; or 
 (iv) the failure of Employee to
participate in the reasonable and lawful business activities of the Company in a
manner consistent with his job duties, provided such failure continues for more
than ten days after written notice to the Employee specifying such failure in
reasonable detail.  
  Good Reason  means the occurrence of
any of the following: 
 (i) a material diminution in Employee s
base salary, authority, duties or responsibilities after the Change in Control
compared to immediately prior to the Change in Control; provided that Good
Reason shall not exist (A) solely as a result of a change in reporting
relationship or (B) if Employee continues to have the same or a greater general
level of responsibility for the Company operations after the Change in Control
as Employee had prior to the Change in Control even if the Company operations
are a subsidiary or division of the surviving company; or  
 (ii) Employee is required to be based
more than eighty (80)miles from where Employee s office is located immediately
prior to the Change in Control; or  
 (iii) a material reduction in
Employee s Base Salary or the Company or the surviving company fails to provide
substantially equivalent target incentive opportunities under short term and
long term incentive plans after the Change in Control as compared to immediately
prior to the Change in Control; or  
 (iv) action or inaction by the Company
that constitutes a material breach under this Agreement;  
 provided, however, that such
termination shall not be for  Good Reason  unless Employee provides notice to
the Company of the existence of the condition described above within 30 days of
the initial existence of the condition and the Company does not remedy such
condition on or before the 30th day following such notice (or the following
business day if such 30th day is not a business day).  

(b)   
     
        Termination of Employment following a Change in
      Control.  If a Change in Control occurs and at any time during the
      twelve (12) months following the Change in Control the Company terminates
      Employee without Cause or Employee terminates Employee s employment by the
      Company with Good Reason, subject to Employee s compliance with Sections
      4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement and Employee s execution of a release of
      claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective
      officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the  Release )
      and such Release becoming effective within 21 days following the date of
      employment termination (such 21- day period, the  Release Execution
      Period ), Employee shall be entitled to the following:   

(i) the Company will pay to Employee in a lump sum an
      amount equal to twelve (12) months of base salary within 30 days following
      the employment termination date; provided that, if the Release Execution
      Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year,
      payment shall not be made until the beginning of the second taxable year;
      and   

(ii) all unvested stock options held by Employee at the
      date of termination shall immediately become vested in full and shall
      remain subject to the other terms of such stock options;
  and    
 4 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(iii) if Employee timely and properly elects continuation
      coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985
      ( COBRA ), the Company will pay the cost for the monthly COBRA premium for
      Employee and Employee s then-enrolled dependents.   

Such COBRA reimbursement shall be paid to the benefits
      provider. The Company shall continue to issue such COBRA payments until
      the earliest of: (A) the twelve-month anniversary of the date of
      termination of employment; (B) the date Employee is no longer eligible to
      receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which Employee
      becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another
      employer.   

(c)   
     
        Treatment of Performance Share Units following the
      Company Sale.  If a Merger or an Asset Sale (each, a  Company Sale )
      occurs before the vesting date of any Performance Share Units held by
      Employee, Employee shall be entitled to receive a payout of shares no
      later than thirty (30) days following the Company Sale. The number of
      shares issued in such event shall be the amount determined by the payout
      factor calculated as if the performance period ended on the last day of
      the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of
      the Company Sale. For this purpose, performance measures and the related
      payout factors applicable to the awards in shall be adjusted by the Board
      of Directors of the Compensation Committee, to appropriately reflect the
      shorter performance period.     

8.   
     
        OTHER TERMINATION.     
 Employee shall not be entitled to any benefits or compensation
under this Agreement in the event Employee s employment terminates voluntarily
or involuntarily, for any reason, or no reason, except to the extent expressly
provided in Section 7(b). Employee, however, may be entitled to benefits under
any severance plan of the Company in effect at that time, which plans are
subject to change or termination by the Company at any time in its discretion.

9.   
     
        CONFLICTS OF INTEREST     
 Employee acknowledges familiarity with the Company policies on
conflicts of interest, and warrants that Employee will fully comply with such
policies. Employee shall certify compliance with the conflicts of interest
policy from time to time as requested by the Company. Employee shall notify the
Company immediately in writing if there is any attempt to induce Employee to
violate the conflicts of interest policy.  

(a)   
     
        Arbitration.  This Agreement is governed by the
      Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.   1  et seq.  and evidences a
      transaction involving commerce. This Agreement applies to any dispute
      arising out of or related to Employee's employment with the Company or
      termination of employment. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
      construed to prevent or excuse Employee from using the Company s existing
      internal procedures for resolution of complaints, and this Agreement is
      not intended to be a substitute for the use of such procedures. Except as
      it otherwise provides, this Agreement is intended to apply to the
      resolution of disputes that otherwise would be resolved in a court of law,
      and therefore this Agreement requires all such disputes to be resolved
      only by an arbitrator through a final and binding individual arbitration
      proceeding and not by way of court or jury trial or class action. Such
      disputes include without limitation disputes arising out of or relating to
      interpretation or application of this Agreement, including the
      enforceability, revocability or validity of this Agreement or any portion
      of this Agreement. This Agreement also applies, without limitation, to
      disputes regarding the employment relationship, trade secrets, unfair
      competition, compensation, breaks and rest periods, termination, or harassment and claims arising under
the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Americans With
Disabilities Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Family Medical Leave
Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and
state statutes, if any, addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all
other state statutory and common law claims (excluding workers compensation,
state disability insurance and unemployment insurance claims). Any arbitration
pursuant to this Section 10 shall be subject to the commercial rules of the
American Arbitration Association. Claims may be brought before an administrative
agency but only to the extent applicable law permits access to such an agency
notwithstanding the existence of an agreement to arbitrate. Such administrative
claims include without limitation claims or charges brought before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission ( www.eeoc.gov ), the U.S. Department of
Labor ( www.dol.gov ), the National Labor Relations Board
( www.nlrb.gov ), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
( www.dol.gov/esa/ofccp ). Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
preclude or excuse a party from bringing an administrative claim before any
agency in order to fulfill the party's obligation to exhaust administrative
remedies before making a claim in arbitration. Disputes that may not be subject
to pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) are excluded from the
coverage of this Agreement.    
 5 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(b)   
     
        Injunctive Relief.  A party may apply to a court of
      competent jurisdiction for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief in
      connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that
      the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual
      without such provisional relief.   

(c)   
     
       This Section 10 is the full and complete agreement
      relating to the formal resolution of employment-related disputes. In the
      event any portion of this Section 10 is deemed unenforceable, the
      remainder of this Agreement will be enforceable.   

(d)   
     
       This Section 10 shall survive the expiration or
      termination of this Agreement for any reason.     

Employee Initials: __________ 
     Company Initials:
__________   
 6 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(a)   
     
        General Compliance . This Agreement is intended to
      comply with Section 409A of the US Internal Revenue Code ( Section 409A )
      or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in
      accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
      Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an
      event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable
      exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from
      Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation
      from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section
      409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each
      installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a
      separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a
      termination of employment shall only be made upon a "separation from
      service" under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
      makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under
      this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company
      be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or
      other expenses that may be incurred by Employee on account of non-
      compliance with Section 409A.   

(b)   
     
        Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any other
      provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to
      Employee in connection with Employee s termination of employment is
      determined to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the
      meaning of Section 409A and Employee is determined to be a  specified
      employee  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or
      benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following
      the six-month anniversary of the employment termination date or, if
      earlier, on Employee s death (the  Specified Employee Payment Date ). The
      aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the
      Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum on
      the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments
      shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original
    schedule.   

(c)   
     
        Reimbursements . To the extent required by Section
      409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement
      shall be provided in accordance with the following:   

(i) the amount of expenses eligible for
      reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year
      cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
      to be provided, in any other calendar year;  

(ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense
      shall be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the calendar year
      following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and  

(iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind
      benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or
      exchange for another benefit.    
 
 This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral employment
agreements or understandings between the parties. No modification shall be valid
unless in writing and signed by the parties, relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement, unless otherwise noted herein. 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall, for any reason, be
held unenforceable, such unenforceability shall not affect the remaining
provisions hereof, except as specifically noted in this Agreement, or the
application of such provisions to other persons or circumstances, all of which
shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law. 
 7 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

The Company and Employee agree that the restrictions contained
in Section 4, 5, and 6, are material terms of this Agreement, reasonable in
scope and duration and are necessary to protect the Company s Confidential
Information, goodwill, specialized training expertise, and legitimate business
interests. If any restrictive covenant is held to be unenforceable because of
the scope, duration or geographic area, the parties agree that the court or
arbitrator may reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area, and in its
reduced form, such provision shall be enforceable. Should Employee violate the
provisions of Sections 4, 5, or 6, then in addition to all other remedies
available to the Company, the duration of these covenants shall be extended for
the period of time when Employee began such violation until Employee permanently
ceases such violation. Employee agrees that no bond will be required if an
injunction is sought to enforce any of the covenants previously set forth
herein. 
 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of
reference only and shall not control the meaning of any provision hereof. 
 This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the
internal laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to conflict of law
provisions. Each of Employee and the Company hereby consents to the personal
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Hennepin County,
Minnesota for any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this
Agreement or relating to any arbitration in which the parties are participants.
Any arbitration proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement shall take
place in Hennepin County, Minnesota.  
 Upon full execution by all parties, this Agreement shall be
effective on the Effective Date set forth in Section 1.  
  EMPLOYEE:   
 
  COMPANY:   
 
 8 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 exhibit10-7.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.7 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 10.7   
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT   
 This Employment Agreement ( Agreement ) is between SunOpta Inc.
(such entity together with all past, present, and future parents, divisions,
operating companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates are referred to collectively
herein as the  Company ) and James P. Gratzek ( Employee ).  

1.   
     
        EMPLOYMENT     
 This Agreement commences August 18, 2016 ( Effective Date ),
shall continue in effect until December 31, 2018, and shall continue in effect
each year thereafter unless by October 31, 2018 (or October 31 of a subsequent
year), a party gives notice to the other party of termination of the Agreement,
in which case the Agreement will terminate as of December 31 of the year in
which such notice is given. Employment during the course of the Agreement shall
be on an  at-will  basis, and either party has the right to terminate Employee s
employment for any reason, or for no reason, upon two-months written notice. The
Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to accelerate the employment
termination date and pay Employee in lieu of notice for the two-month notice
period and Employee has no guarantee of continued employment during the notice
period. The Company also has the right to terminate Employee s employment
immediately for Cause (as defined in Section 7 below). 

2.   
     
        TITLE AND EXCLUSIVE
SERVICES      

(a)   
     
        Title and Duties.  Employee s title is Senior Vice
      President Research   Development and Quality, and Employee will
      perform job duties that are usual and customary for this position, all as
      determined by the chief executive officer or the Board or
  Directors.   

(b)   
     
        Exclusive Services.  Employee shall not be employed
      or render services elsewhere while employed by the Company; provided,
      however, that Employee may participate in professional, civic or
      charitable organizations so long as such participation is unpaid and does
      not interfere with the performance of Employee s duties to the
    Company.     

3.   
     
        COMPENSATION AND
BENEFITS      

(a)   
     
        Base Salary.  Employee s current annualized salary
      ( Base Salary ) is Two Hundred Seventy Seven Thousand Two Hundred Dollars
      ($277,200.00). Employee is also eligible for a five percent (5%) increase
      effective December 1, 2016. The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance
      with the Company s regular payroll practices and pursuant to the Company
      policy, which may be amended from time to time. Employee s Base Salary is
      subject to change from time to time by the Board of Directors or
      Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Compensation
      Committee ) in its discretion.   

(b)   
     
        Short Term Incentive.  Employee will be eligible
      for participation in the Company s annual short term cash incentive plan
      as approved and amended by the Board of Directors or the Compensation
      Committee in its discretion from time to time (the  Annual Short Term
      Incentive Plan ). For the 2016 fiscal year, Employee s eligibility for
      participation in the Annual Short Term Incentive Plan will be based on a
      forty percent (40%) target of Employee s Base Salary as of April 1, 2016.
      For years after 2016, the target level of participation will be
      established by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. There
      is no guaranteed compensation under the Annual Short Term Incentive
      Plan.   

(c)   
     
        Long Term Incentive.  Employee will be eligible for
      participation in the Company s long term incentive plan as approved and
      amended by the Board of Directors or the
Compensation Committee at its discretion from time to time (the  Long
      Term Incentive Plan ), with the form, terms and amount of the awards as
      determined by the Board of Directors or the Committee. For the 2016 fiscal
      year, Employee s eligibility for participation in the annual Long Term
      Incentive Plan will be based upon a forty percent (40%) target of
      Employee s Base Salary as of April 1, 2016. For years after 2016, the
      target level of participation will be established by the Board of
      Directors or the Compensation Committee. There is no guaranteed
  compensation under the Long Term Incentive Plan.     

(d)   
     
        Employment Benefit Plans.  Employee may participate
      in all other employee welfare benefit plans in which other similarly
      situated employees may participate, according to the terms of applicable
      policies and as stated in the Employee Benefits Guide, which may be
      changed from time to time at the discretion of the Company. These benefits
      may include medical, dental, vision, short term disability, long term
      disability, life insurance, 401(k) and the Employee Stock Purchase
      Plan.   

(e)   
     
        Vacation.  Employee is eligible for paid time off
      of four weeks (160 hours) per calendar year, prorated as necessary, and
      subject to the Employee Benefits Guide.   

(f)   
     
        Expenses.  The Company will reimburse Employee for
      business expenses pursuant to the Company s policies, which may be changed
      from time to time at the discretion of the Company.   

(g)   
     
        Taxes and Deductions.  Compensation pursuant to
      this Agreement shall in all cases be subject to withholding for
      employment, payroll, income and other taxes and other
  deductions.     

4.   
     
        NONDISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL
  INFORMATION      

(a)   
     
       The Company has provided and will continue to provide to
      Employee confidential information and trade secrets including but not
      limited to the Company s marketing plans, growth strategies, target lists,
      performance goals, operational and programming strategies, specialized
      training expertise, employee development, engineering information, sales
      information, client and customer lists, business and employment contracts,
      representation agreements, pricing and ratings information, production and
      cost data, compensation and fee information, strategic business plans,
      budgets, financial statements, technological initiatives, proprietary
      research or software purchased or developed by the Company, content
      distribution, and other information the Company treats as confidential or
      proprietary (collectively, the  Confidential Information ). Employee
      acknowledges that such Confidential Information is proprietary and agrees
      not to disclose it to anyone outside the Company except to the extent
      that: (i) it is necessary in connection with performing Employee s duties;
      or (ii) Employee is required by court order to disclose the Confidential
      Information, provided that Employee shall promptly inform the Company,
      shall cooperate with the Company to obtain a protective order or otherwise
      restrict disclosure, and shall only disclose Confidential Information to
      the minimum extent necessary to comply with the court order. Employee
      agrees to never use trade secrets in competing, directly or indirectly,
      with the Company. When employment ends, Employee will immediately return
      all Confidential Information to the Company.   

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 4 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

5.   
     
        NON-INTERFERENCE WITH THE COMPANY
  EMPLOYEES      

(a)   
     
       To further preserve the Company s Confidential
      Information, goodwill and legitimate business interests, during employment
      and for twelve (12) months after employment ends (the  Non- Interference
      Period ), Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire, engage or
      solicit any current employee of the Company with whom Employee had contact,
      supervised, or received Confidential Information about within the twelve
      (12) months prior to Employee s termination, to provide services elsewhere
  or cease providing services to the Company.    
 2 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 5 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

6.   
     
        NON-SOLICITATION OF
CUSTOMERS      

(a)   
     
       To further preserve the Company s Confidential
      Information, goodwill and legitimate business interests, for twelve (12)
      months after employment ends (the  Non-Solicitation Period ), Employee
      will not, directly or indirectly, solicit the Company s customers with
      whom Employee engaged or had contact, or received Confidential Information
      about within the twelve (12) months prior to Employee s
  termination.   

(b)   
     
       The terms of this Section 6 shall survive the expiration
      or termination of this Agreement for any
reason.     

7.   
     
        CHANGE IN CONTROL      

(a)   
     
        Definitions.  For purposes of this
  Agreement:    
    Change in Control  means the
occurrence of any of the following:  
 (i) any  person  or  group  (within the
meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended ( Exchange Act )) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer,
open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than
the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors ( Voting
Securities ) representing a majority of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding Voting Securities; or  
 (ii) at any time during a period of two
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted
the Board of Directors of the Company ( Incumbent Directors ) shall cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof; provided, however, that
the term  Incumbent Director  shall also include each new director elected
during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by
two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office; or  
 (iii) any consolidation, merger or plan
of exchange involving the Company ( Merger ) as a result of which the holders of
outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to
hold at least 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting
Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving
corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities
issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other
party to the Merger.  
 (iv) any sale, lease, exchange, or
other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company ( Asset Sale ). 
  Cause  means the occurrence of any of
the following: 
 (i) the commission of an act that
constitutes a felony under the laws of the United States or any individual State
or under the laws of a foreign country; or  
 3 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(ii) the commission of an act of fraud,
embezzlement, sexual harassment, dishonesty, theft, or an intentional act that
results in a material loss, damage or injury to the Company; or  
 (iii) the commission of an act of moral
turpitude which is materially injurious to the Company; or 
 (iv) the failure of Employee to
participate in the reasonable and lawful business activities of the Company in a
manner consistent with his job duties, provided such failure continues for more
than ten days after written notice to the Employee specifying such failure in
reasonable detail.  
  Good Reason  means the occurrence of
any of the following: 
 (i) a material diminution in Employee s
base salary, authority, duties or responsibilities after the Change in Control
compared to immediately prior to the Change in Control; provided that Good
Reason shall not exist (A) solely as a result of a change in reporting
relationship or (B) if Employee continues to have the same or a greater general
level of responsibility for the Company operations after the Change in Control
as Employee had prior to the Change in Control even if the Company operations
are a subsidiary or division of the surviving company; or  
 (ii) Employee is required to be based
more than eighty (80)miles from where Employee s office is located immediately
prior to the Change in Control; or  
 (iii) a material reduction in
Employee s Base Salary or the Company or the surviving company fails to provide
substantially equivalent target incentive opportunities under short term and
long term incentive plans after the Change in Control as compared to immediately
prior to the Change in Control; or  
 (iv) action or inaction by the Company
that constitutes a material breach under this Agreement;  
 provided, however, that such
termination shall not be for  Good Reason  unless Employee provides notice to
the Company of the existence of the condition described above within 30 days of
the initial existence of the condition and the Company does not remedy such
condition on or before the 30th day following such notice (or the following
business day if such 30th day is not a business day).  

(b)   
     
        Termination of Employment following a Change in
      Control.  If a Change in Control occurs and at any time during the
      twelve (12) months following the Change in Control the Company terminates
      Employee without Cause or Employee terminates Employee s employment by the
      Company with Good Reason, subject to Employee s compliance with Sections
      4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement and Employee s execution of a release of
      claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective
      officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the  Release )
      and such Release becoming effective within 21 days following the date of
      employment termination (such 21- day period, the  Release Execution
      Period ), Employee shall be entitled to the
following:    
 (i) the Company will pay to Employee in
a lump sum an amount equal to twelve (12) months of base salary within 30 days
following the employment termination date; provided that, if the Release
Execution Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year,
payment shall not be made until the beginning of the second taxable year; and
 
 (ii) all unvested stock options held by
Employee at the date of termination shall immediately become vested in full and
shall remain subject to the other terms of such stock options; and  
 4 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(iii) if Employee timely and properly
elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ), the Company will pay the cost for the
monthly COBRA premium for Employee and Employee s then-enrolled dependents. 
 Such COBRA reimbursement shall be paid
to the benefits provider. The Company shall continue to issue such COBRA
payments until the earliest of: (A) the twelve-month anniversary of the date of
termination of employment; (B) the date Employee is no longer eligible to
receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which Employee becomes
eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer. 

(c)   
     
        Treatment of Performance Share Units following the
      Company Sale.  If a Merger or an Asset Sale (each, a  Company Sale )
      occurs before the vesting date of any Performance Share Units held by
      Employee, Employee shall be entitled to receive a payout of shares no
      later than thirty (30) days following the Company Sale. The number of
      shares issued in such event shall be the amount determined by the payout
      factor calculated as if the performance period ended on the last day of
      the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of
      the Company Sale. For this purpose, performance measures and the related
      payout factors applicable to the awards in shall be adjusted by the Board
      of Directors of the Compensation Committee, to appropriately reflect the
      shorter performance period.     

8.   
     
        OTHER TERMINATION.     
 Employee shall not be entitled to any benefits or compensation
under this Agreement in the event Employee s employment terminates voluntarily
or involuntarily, for any reason, or no reason, except to the extent expressly
provided in Section 7(b). Employee, however, may be entitled to benefits under
any severance plan of the Company in effect at that time, which plans are
subject to change or termination by the Company at any time in its discretion.

9.   
     
        CONFLICTS OF INTEREST     
 Employee acknowledges familiarity with the Company policies on
conflicts of interest, and warrants that Employee will fully comply with such
policies. Employee shall certify compliance with the conflicts of interest
policy from time to time as requested by the Company. Employee shall notify the
Company immediately in writing if there is any attempt to induce Employee to
violate the conflicts of interest policy.  

(a)   
     
        Arbitration.  This Agreement is governed by the
      Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.   1  et seq.  and evidences a
      transaction involving commerce. This Agreement applies to any dispute
      arising out of or related to Employee's employment with the Company or
      termination of employment. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
      construed to prevent or excuse Employee from using the Company s existing
      internal procedures for resolution of complaints, and this Agreement is
      not intended to be a substitute for the use of such procedures. Except as
      it otherwise provides, this Agreement is intended to apply to the
      resolution of disputes that otherwise would be resolved in a court of law,
      and therefore this Agreement requires all such disputes to be resolved
      only by an arbitrator through a final and binding individual arbitration
      proceeding and not by way of court or jury trial or class action. Such
      disputes include without limitation disputes arising out of or relating to
      interpretation or application of this Agreement, including the
      enforceability, revocability or validity of this Agreement or any portion
      of this Agreement. This Agreement also applies, without limitation, to
      disputes regarding the employment relationship, trade secrets, unfair
      competition, compensation, breaks and rest periods, termination, or
      harassment and claims arising under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act,
      Civil Rights Act of 1964, Americans With Disabilities Act, Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, Family Medical Leave Act, Fair Labor Standards
Act, Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and state statutes, if any,
addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other state statutory
and common law claims (excluding workers compensation, state disability
insurance and unemployment insurance claims). Any arbitration pursuant to this
Section 10 shall be subject to the commercial rules of the American Arbitration
Association. Claims may be brought before an administrative agency but only to
the extent applicable law permits access to such an agency notwithstanding the
existence of an agreement to arbitrate. Such administrative claims include
without limitation claims or charges brought before the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission ( www.eeoc.gov ), the U.S. Department of Labor
( www.dol.gov ), the National Labor Relations Board ( www.nlrb.gov ),
the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
( www.dol.gov/esa/ofccp ). Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
preclude or excuse a party from bringing an administrative claim before any
agency in order to fulfill the party's obligation to exhaust administrative
remedies before making a claim in arbitration. Disputes that may not be subject
to pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) are excluded from the
coverage of this Agreement.    
 5 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(b)   
     
        Injunctive Relief.  A party may apply to a court of
      competent jurisdiction for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief in
      connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that
      the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual
      without such provisional relief.   

(c)   
     
       This Section 10 is the full and complete agreement
      relating to the formal resolution of employment-related disputes. In the
      event any portion of this Section 10 is deemed unenforceable, the
      remainder of this Agreement will be enforceable.   

(d)   
     
       This Section 10 shall survive the expiration or
      termination of this Agreement for any reason.     

Employee Initials: __________ 
     Company Initials:
__________    

(a)   
     
        General Compliance . This Agreement is intended to
      comply with Section 409A of the US Internal Revenue Code ( Section 409A )
      or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in
      accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
      Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an
      event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable
      exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from
      Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation
      from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section
      409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each
      installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a
      separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a
      termination of employment shall only be made upon a "separation from
      service" under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
      makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under
      this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company
      be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or
      other expenses that may be incurred by Employee on account of non-
      compliance with Section 409A.   

(b)   
     
        Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any other
      provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to
      Employee in connection with Employee s termination of employment is
      determined to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the
      meaning of Section 409A and Employee is determined to be a  specified
      employee  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be
paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary
of the employment termination date or, if earlier, on Employee s death (the
 Specified Employee Payment Date ). The aggregate of any payments that would
otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be
paid to Employee in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and
thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance
with their original schedule.     
 6 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

(c)   
     
        Reimbursements . To the extent required by Section
      409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement
      shall be provided in accordance with the
following:    
 (i) the amount of expenses eligible for
reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot
affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be
provided, in any other calendar year;  
 (ii) any reimbursement of an eligible
expense shall be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the calendar year
following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and  
 (iii) any right to reimbursements or
in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or
exchange for another benefit.  
 
 This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral employment
agreements or understandings between the parties. No modification shall be valid
unless in writing and signed by the parties, relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement, unless otherwise noted herein. 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall, for any reason, be
held unenforceable, such unenforceability shall not affect the remaining
provisions hereof, except as specifically noted in this Agreement, or the
application of such provisions to other persons or circumstances, all of which
shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law. 
 The Company and Employee agree that the restrictions contained
in Section 4, 5, and 6, are material terms of this Agreement, reasonable in
scope and duration and are necessary to protect the Company s Confidential
Information, goodwill, specialized training expertise, and legitimate business
interests. If any restrictive covenant is held to be unenforceable because of
the scope, duration or geographic area, the parties agree that the court or
arbitrator may reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area, and in its
reduced form, such provision shall be enforceable. Should Employee violate the
provisions of Sections 4, 5, or 6, then in addition to all other remedies
available to the Company, the duration of these covenants shall be extended for
the period of time when Employee began such violation until Employee permanently
ceases such violation. Employee agrees that no bond will be required if an
injunction is sought to enforce any of the covenants previously set forth
herein. 
 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of
reference only and shall not control the meaning of any provision hereof. 
 This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the
internal laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to conflict of law
provisions. Each of Employee and the Company hereby consents to the personal
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Hennepin County,
Minnesota for any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this
Agreement or relating to any arbitration in which the parties are participants.
Any arbitration proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement shall take
place in Hennepin County, Minnesota.  
 7 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

Upon full execution by all parties, this Agreement shall be
effective on the Effective Date set forth in Section 1.  
  EMPLOYEE:   
 
  COMPANY:   
 
 8 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 exhibit10-8.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.8 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit    10.8     
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT   
 
 This Employment Agreement Amendment ( Agreement ) is between SUNOPTA INC.  (such entity together with all past, present, and future parents, divisions, operating companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates are referred to collectively
herein as the  Company ) and EDWARD HAFT ( Executive ).  
 The Company and Executive agree, effective as of August 18, 2016, to amend the Employment Agreement dated July 29, 2015 between the Company and Executive (the  Employment Agreement ) as follows:  

1. 	 
	 
 Paragraph (f) of Section 8 is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 

(f)

Conditions . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8, Company will not be obligated to make any payments to Executive under Section 8(b) or 8(h) hereof unless: Executive has signed a release of claims in
favor of Company and its affiliates and related entities, and their directors, officers, insurers, employees and agents, in a form prescribed by Company; all applicable rescission periods provided by law for releases of claims shall have expired and
Executive shall have signed and not rescinded the release of claims; and Executive is in strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement and any other agreements with Company as of the dates of such payments. 

2. 	 
	 
 New paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Section 8 are added to read as follows: 

(g) 	 
	 
  Change in Control .   Change in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(i) any  person  or  group  (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act )) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer, open market
purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company ordinarily having the
right to vote for the election of directors ( Voting Securities ) representing a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities; or  
 
(ii) at any time during a period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of the Company ( Incumbent Directors ) shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority thereof; provided, however, that the term  Incumbent Director  shall also include each new director elected during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in
office; or  
 
(iii) any consolidation, merger or plan of exchange involving the Company ( Merger ) as a result of which the holders of outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to hold at least 50% of the combined
voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities issued to or retained by such holders in respect of
securities of any other party to the Merger; or  
 
(iv) any sale, lease, exchange, or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company ( Asset Sale ).  

(h) 	 
	 
  Termination of Employment following a Change in Control.  If a Change in Control occurs and at any time during the twelve (12) months following the Change in Control the Company terminates Executive without Cause or Executive
      terminates Executive s employment by the Company with Good Reason, subject
      to Executive satisfying the conditions in Section 8(f), in addition to the
      benefits provided in Section 8(b), all unvested stock options held by
      Executive at the date of termination shall immediately become vested in
      full and shall remain subject to the other terms of such stock
    options. 

(i)  
     
        Treatment of Performance Share Units following the
      Company Sale.  If a Merger or an Asset Sale (each, a  Company Sale )
      occurs before the vesting date of any Performance Share Units held by
      Executive, Executive shall be entitled to receive a payout of shares no
      later than thirty (30) days following the Company Sale. The number of
      shares issued in such event shall be the amount determined by the payout
      factor calculated as if the performance period ended on the last day of
      the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of
      the Company Sale. For this purpose, performance measures and the related
      payout factors applicable to the awards in shall be adjusted by the Board
      of Directors of the Compensation Committee, to appropriately reflect the
      shorter performance period.     

3.  
     
       The Employment Agreement remains in full force and effect
      in all other respects.    
  EXECUTIVE:   
 
  COMPANY:   
 
 2 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 6
 exhibit10-9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.9 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 10.9   
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT   
 This Employment Agreement Amendment ( Agreement ) is between
The Organic Corporation B.V. (hereinafter referred to as  Company ) and G.J.M.
VERSTEEGH ( Employee ).    
 In relation to the Employment Agreement dated April 2012 (Annex
1) between Company and Employee, this Agreement serves as an amendment. 
 For the purposes of this Agreement Company shall mean the
Company and its subsidiaries. 

1.   
     
        CHANGE IN CONTROL      

(a)   
     
        Definitions.  For purposes of this
  Agreement:    
    Change in Control  means the
occurrence of any of the following:  
 (i) any  person  or  group  (within the
meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange
offer, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases from anyone other
than the Company, have become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Company ordinarily having the right to vote for the election of directors
( Voting Securities ) representing a majority of the combined voting power of
the then outstanding Voting Securities; or  
 (ii) at any time during a period of two
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted
the Board of Directors of the Company ( Incumbent Directors ) shall cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof; provided, however, that
the term  Incumbent Director  shall also include each new director elected
during such two-year period whose nomination or election was approved by
two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then in office; or  
 (iii) any consolidation, merger or plan
of exchange involving the Company ( Merger ) as a result of which the holders of
outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Merger do not continue to
hold at least 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting
Securities of the surviving corporation or a parent corporation of the surviving
corporation immediately after the Merger, disregarding any Voting Securities
issued to or retained by such holders in respect of securities of any other
party to the Merger  
 (iv) any sale, lease, exchange, or
other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company ( Asset Sale ). 

a.   
     
        Termination upon Change in
  Control     
 If, at any time during a period of
twelve (12) months following a Change of Control, the Company terminates the
Employment Agreement without Cause and/or the Company causes  Good Reason,  the
conditions under the Employment Agreement according to clause 1.6 will
apply. 
  Good Reason  means: 
 1 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____  

(i) a unilateral decrease of the base
salary, or a unilateral amendment of the authority, duties or responsibilities
of the Employee. A unilateral change in reporting line will only cause
Constructive Dismissal in the event this change leads to a deterioration of
Employee s position; or  
 (ii) requiring the Employee to relocate
to another office which is located more than eighty (80) miles from the current
office of the Employee; or  
 (iii) if the Company fails to enable
the Employee to reach his targets or the Employee does not receive his employee
benefits (unless such is related to broad organizational changes); or  
 (iv) an action or inaction by the
Company that constitutes a material breach of this Agreement or any other
agreement between parties. 
  Cause  shall mean: 
 (i) an act by the Employee that
constitutes a felony under the laws of the United States or any individual State
or under the laws of a foreign country; or  
 (ii) an act of fraud, embezzlement,
sexual harassment, dishonesty, theft, or an intentional act that results in a
material loss, damage or injury to the Company; or  
 (iii) an act of moral turpitude which
is materially injurious to the Company; or 
 (iv) the failure of Employee to
participate in the reasonable and lawful business activities of the Company in a
manner consistent with his job duties, provided such failure continues for more
than ten days after written notice to the Employee specifying such failure in
reasonable detail.  

b.   
     
        Equity treatment upon termination due to Change in
      Control     
 (i) If the Company terminates the
employment agreement without Cause at any time during twelve (12) months
following a Change of Control or the Employee terminates the employment
agreement due to  Good Reason , all unvested stock options held by the Employee
at that time shall immediately become vested in full and can be exercised
according to the 2002 and 2013 Stock Incentive Plans. 
 (ii) If a Merger or an Asset Sale
(each, a  Company Sale )   occurs before the vesting date of any
Performance Share Units held by the Employee, the Employee shall be entitled to
receive a payout according to clause 3.1 of Exhibit C (Sunopta Inc. 2016
performance share unit award agreement) which Exhibit is attached as  Annex
2 . The shares will be issued no later than thirty (30) days following the
Company Sale. The number of shares issued in such event shall be the amount
determined by the payout factor (clause 2.2 Exhibit C). For purposes of this
Agreement the payout factor will be calculated as if the performance period
ended on the last day of the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter
prior to the date of the Company Sale. For this purpose, performance measures
and the related payout factors applicable to the awards may be adjusted by the
Board of Directors in accordance with clause 2.3 of Exhibit C. 
 This Agreement will be governed by the
laws of the Netherlands. 
  EMPLOYEE:   
 2 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____  

COMPANY:   
 
 Firmwide:140976478.1 070321.1000 
 3 

Initials:    

Company:____     

Employee:____  

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 exhibit10-10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.10 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 10.10   
  SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND FULL AND FINAL RELEASE   
 This agreement (the  Agreement ) is entered into between Daniel
Turney ( Employee ) and SunOpta Inc. (the  Company ).  
 1.      Termination of Employment
Relationship . Employee and the Company will end their employment
relationship on August 23, 2016 (the  Termination Date ). The Company may
relieve Employee of all duties and place the Employee on administrative leave
prior to the Termination Date by providing written notice. Employee no longer
will be authorized to transact business or incur any expenses, obligations and
liabilities on behalf of the Company after the earlier of being placed on
administrative leave or the Termination Date. Employee agrees not to seek
reinstatement, future employment, or other working relationship with the Company
or any of its affiliates. Employee acknowledges (i) receipt of all compensation
and benefits due through the Termination Date as a result of services performed
for the Company with the receipt of a final paycheck except as provided in this
Agreement; (ii) Employee has reported to the Company any and all work-related
injuries incurred during employment; and (iii) the Company properly provided any
leave of absence because of Employee s or a family member s health condition and
Employee has not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or actions
due to a request for or taking such leave. 
 2.    
 Consideration . In consideration of Employee s promises in this Agreement,
and upon expiration of the revocation period so long as Employee has not
revoked, the Company will provide Employee:  

A.  
     
       Severance pay in the total gross amount of $138,053.08 to
      be paid as soon as administratively feasible; and   

B.  
     
       If Employee elects COBRA, Company will pay the employer
      portion and COBRA fees for medical and dental coverage for five (5)
      months. Employee is responsible for the Employee portion of such
      coverage.    
 The Company will apply standard tax and other applicable
withholdings to payments made to Employee. Employee agrees that the
consideration the Company will provide includes amounts in addition to anything
of value to which Employee already is entitled. The Company also will pay
Employee accrued but unused vacation regardless of whether Employee signs this
Agreement. Although the Company is under no obligation to provide reinstatement,
employment, re-employment, consulting or other similar status, if the Company
recalls Employee within three months of termination, Employee may be obligated
to repay certain severance benefits as more fully explained in the Company
Severance Plan. 
 3.      Full and Final Release . In
consideration of the benefits provided by the Company, Employee, for Employee
personally and Employee s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and
assigns, fully, finally and forever releases and discharges the Company and its
affiliates, as well as their respective successors, assigns, officers, owners,
directors, agents, representatives, attorneys, and employees (all of whom are
referred to throughout this Agreement as the  Released Parties ), of and from
all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, damages, losses, and
expenses, of any and every nature whatsoever, as a result of actions or 1omissions occurring through the date Employee signs this
Agreement. Specifically included in this waiver and release are, among other
things, any and all claims of alleged employment discrimination and retaliation
prohibited by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with
Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, including the
amendments provided by the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act, or any other
federal, state or local statute, rule, ordinance, or regulation, as well as any
claims under common law for tort, contract, or wrongful discharge. 
 1 

The above release does not waive claims (i) for unemployment or
workers  compensation benefits, (ii) for vested rights under ERISA-covered
employee benefit plans as applicable on the date Employee signs this Agreement,
(iii) that may arise after Employee signs this Agreement, and (iv) which cannot
be released by private agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee
from filing a charge or complaint with or from participating in an investigation
or proceeding conducted by any federal, state or local agency charged with the
enforcement of any employment laws, although by signing this release Employee is
waiving rights to individual relief based on claims asserted in such a charge or
complaint, except charges before the National Labor Relations Board or otherwise
where such a waiver of individual relief is prohibited. 
 4.      Restrictive Covenants.
 Employee understands and acknowledges that by virtue of his employment with
the Company, he had access to and knowledge of Confidential Information (defined
hereafter), was in a position of trust and confidence with the Company, and
benefitted from the Company s goodwill. Employee further understands and
acknowledges that the restrictive covenants below are necessary to protect the
Company's legitimate business interests in its Confidential Information and
goodwill. Employee further understands and acknowledges that the Company's
ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is
of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company and that the
Company would be irreparably harmed if the Employee violates the restrictive
covenants below.  
 (a)      Confidentiality.  Employee
understands and acknowledges that during the course of his employment, he has
had access to and learned about confidential, secret and proprietary documents,
materials and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of and
relating to the Company, its businesses and existing and prospective customers,
suppliers, investors and other associated third parties ("Confidential
Information"). For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information
includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the
public, whether oral or written, relating directly or indirectly to financial
statements, projections, evaluations, plans, programs, customers, suppliers,
facilities, equipment and other assets, products, processes, manufacturing,
marketing, research and development, trade secrets, know-how, patent
applications that have not been published, technology and other confidential
information and intellectual property of the Company. Employee understands that
the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also
includes other information that is marked or otherwise identified as
confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable
person to be confidential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in
which the information is known or used. Employee agrees, as a condition of this
Agreement, that Employee will not use or disclose any Confidential Information
which Employee learned or that came into Employee possession during the course
of employment with the Company. Among other things, and without limitation,
Employee will not use or disclose, without the consent of the Company, any trade
secrets, confidential or proprietary information of or concerning the Company,
its owners, affiliates, customers or suppliers. 
 2 

(b)      Non-Solicitation of
Employees . Employee understands and acknowledges that the Company has
expended and continues to expend significant time and expense in recruiting and
training its employees. Employee agrees, as a condition of this Agreement, not
to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or
induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company for a period
of twenty-four (24) months from the Termination Date.  
 (c)      Non-Solicitation of Customers.
 Employee understands and acknowledges that the Company has expended and
continues to expend significant time and expense in developing customer
relationships, customer information and goodwill, and that because of the
Employee's experience with and relationship to the Company, he has had access to
and learned about much or all of the Company s customer information. Customer
information includes, but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses,
e-mail addresses, order history, order preferences, chain of command, product
information, pricing information and other information identifying facts and
circumstances specific to the customer. Employee agrees, as a condition of this
Agreement, not to directly or indirectly solicit, contact, attempt to contact or
meet with the Company's current, former or prospective customers for purposes of
offering or accepting goods or services similar to or competitive with those
offered by the Company for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the
Termination Date.  
 5.      Agreement Confidentiality .
The nature and terms of this Agreement are strictly confidential and they have
not been and shall not be disclosed by Employee at any time to any person other
than Employee s lawyer or accountant, a governmental agency, or Employee s
immediate family without the prior written consent of an officer of the Company,
except as necessary in any legal proceedings directly related to the provisions
and terms of this Agreement, to prepare and file income tax forms, or as
required by court order after reasonable notice to the Company. 
 6.      Cooperation . Employee agrees
to cooperate with the Released Parties regarding any pending or subsequently
filed litigation, claims or other disputes involving the Released Parties that
relate to matters within the knowledge or responsibility of Employee. Without
limiting the foregoing, Employee agrees (i) to meet with a Released Party s
representatives, its counsel or other designees at mutually convenient times and
places with respect to any items within the scope of this provision; (ii) to
provide truthful testimony regarding same to any court, agency, or other
adjudicatory body; and (iii) to provide the Company with notice of contact by
any adverse party or such adverse party s representative, except as may be
required by law. The Company will reimburse Employee for reasonable expenses in
connection with the cooperation described in this paragraph.  
 7.      Non-Admission . This Agreement
shall not be construed as an admission by the Company of any liability or acts
of wrongdoing or unlawful discrimination, nor shall it be considered to be
evidence of such liability, wrongdoing, or unlawful discrimination.  
 8.      Non-Disparagement . Except as
otherwise provided in Paragraph 4 above, Employee agrees not to make statements
to clients, customers and suppliers of the Company (or any of its affiliates) or
to other members of the public that are in any way disparaging or negative
towards the Company, any of its affiliates, or the products, services,
representatives or employees of any of the foregoing. Nothing in this paragraph
prohibits Employee from complying with a court order or lawful subpoena.  
 3 

9.      Advice of Counsel, Consideration
and Revocation Periods, Other Information . The Company advises Employee to
consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. Employee has
twenty-one (21) days to consider whether to sign this Agreement (the
 Consideration Period ). Employee must return this signed Agreement to the
Company s representative set forth below within the Consideration Period but not
prior to the Termination Date. If Employee signs and returns this Agreement
before the end of the Consideration Period, it is because Employee freely chose
to do so after carefully considering its terms. Additionally, Employee shall
have fifteen days (15) from the date of the signing of this Agreement to revoke
this Agreement by delivering a written notice of revocation within the
fifteen-day revocation period to Michelle Coleman, SunOpta, 7301 Ohms Lane,
Suite 600, Edina, MN 55439. If the revocation period expires on a weekend or
holiday, Employee will have until the end of the next business day to revoke.
This Agreement will become effective on the sixteenth day after Employee signs
this Agreement provided Employee does not revoke this Agreement. Any
modification or alteration of any terms of this Agreement by Employee voids this
Agreement in its entirety. Employee agrees with the Company that changes,
whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the Consideration
Period. Employee knowingly and voluntarily agrees to all of the terms set forth
in this Agreement.  
 10.      Applicable Law and General
Provisions . This Agreement shall be interpreted under Minnesota law. This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties. Employee is not
relying on any other agreements or oral representations not fully addressed in
this Agreement. Any prior agreements between or directly involving Employee and
the Company are superseded by this Agreement, except any prior agreements
related to inventions, business ideas, confidentiality of corporate information,
and non-competition remain intact. To the extent of any conflict between the
terms of this Agreement and the Company s severance plan, the provisions of this
Agreement shall prevail. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if
any part of this Agreement, except Paragraph 3, is found by a court of law to be
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue to be valid and
effective. The headings in this Agreement are provided for reference only and
shall not affect the substance of this Agreement. 
 In exchange for the promises contained in this Agreement, the
Company promises to provide the benefits set forth in this Agreement.  
 
 Employee has read and understood this Agreement, signs this
Agreement waiving valuable rights, and acknowledges that this Agreement is final
and binding. 

Date:  8/23/16   
      Daniel E. Turney   
      /s/ Daniel E. Turney    
   
     Not valid if signed  
     Name Printed  
     Signature   
   
     before Termination  

Date  

4 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 8
 exhibit10-11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 10.11 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXECUTION VERSION  
  FIRST AMENDMENT   
  FIRST AMENDMENT , dated as
of October 7, 2016 (this   Amendment  ), to the Credit Agreement, dated as
of February 11, 2016 (the   Credit Agreement  ), among SunOpta Inc. (the
  Company   or   Canadian Parent Borrower   as further defined in the
Credit Agreement), SunOpta Foods Inc. (the   U.S. Parent Borrower   as
further defined in the Credit Agreement), The Organic Corporation B.V. (the
  Dutch Parent Borrower   as further defined in the Credit Agreement) and
each of the other Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the
Lenders party thereto from time to time, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent under the U.S. Subfacility (in such capacity, the   U.S.
Administrative Agent   as further defined in the Credit Agreement), and as a
U.S. Issuing Bank and the U.S. Swingline Lender, Bank of America, N.A. (acting
through its Canada Branch), as Administrative Agent under the Canadian
Subfacili-ty (in such capacity, the   Canadian Administrative Agent   as
further defined in the Credit Agreement), and as a Canadian Issuing Bank and the
Canadian Swingline Lender, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its London
Branch), as Administrative Agent under the Dutch Subfacility (in such capacity,
the   Dutch Administrative Agent   as further defined in the Credit
Agreement), and as a Dutch Issuing Bank and the Dutch Swingline Lender, and Bank
of Ameri-ca, N.A, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the   Collateral
Agent   as further defined in the Credit Agreement). 
  R   E C I T A L S     
 A.     The
Borrowers have requested that the Credit Agreement be amended as set forth
herein; and  
 B.    
Lenders constituting the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agents and the
Collateral Agent are willing to agree to this Amendment on the terms set forth
herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to
be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:  
 Section 1.       Capitalized
Terms  . Capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.  
 Section 2.       Amendments  .
The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as of the First Amendment Effective Date
(as defined below) to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same
manner as the following example:    stricken
text   ) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated
textually in the same manner as the following example:
  double-underlined text  ) as set forth in the pages of
the Credit Agreement attached as  Exhibit A  hereto.  
 Section 3.       Representations and
Warranties  . The Company hereby represents and warrants that, as of the
date hereof:  
 (i) no Default or Event of Default exists pursuant to the
Credit Agreement; and 

(ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 7
of the Credit Agreement, and in any Credit Document entered in relation thereto,
are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any
materiality standard set forth in any such representation or warranty) (except
for those representations and warranties that relate to an earlier date, in
which event, such representations and warranties were true in all material
respects (without duplication of any materiality standard set forth in any such
representation or warranty) as of such earlier date).    
 Section 4.       Conditions to
Effectiveness of this Amendment  . This Amendment shall become effective
on the date (such date, the   First Amendment Effective Date  ) that the
following conditions have been satisfied:  
 (i)  Counterparts to this Amendment . The U.S.
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed
by the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Borrowers and the
Required Lenders;  
 (ii)  Use of Proceeds . The net cash proceeds of the $85.0
million of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued by the
U.S. Parent Borrower on Octo-ber 7, 2016 shall have been used, or substantially
simultaneously with the First Amendment Effective Date shall be used, to repay a
portion of the obligations outstanding under the Second Lien Loan Agreement; and
 
 (iii)  Fees . The Company (or its designee) shall have
paid, or caused to be paid, all reasonable documented out of pocket costs and
expenses of the U.S. Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation,
negotiation and execution of this Amendment (including the fees and expenses of
Cahill Gordon   Reindel LLP as counsel to the U.S. Administrative Agent) for
which invoices have been presented to the Company at least two business days
prior to the First Amendment Effective Date.  
 Section 5.       Counterparts  .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different
parties hereto on separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other
electronic transmission (i.e., a  pdf  or  tif ), each of which when so executed
and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall together
constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all
the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Company and the Administrative
Agent.  
 Section 6.       Governing Law;
Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of       Jury
Trial.   
 (a)     THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  
 (b)     EACH PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT
CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK
COUNTY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
IN ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING RELATING IN ANY WAY TO
THIS AMENDMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR OTHER
PROCEEDING SHALL BE BROUGHT BY IT SOLELY IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS, OBJECTIONS AND DEFENSES THAT IT MAY HAVE
REGARDING ANY SUCH COURT S PERSONAL OR SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, VENUE OR
INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER
PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN  SECTION 12.03  OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. A FINAL
JUDGMENT IN ANY PROCEEDING OF ANY SUCH COURT SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE
ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR ANY OTHER MANNER
PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENT OF LAW. 
 - 2 -  

(i)     EACH
OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AMENDMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  
 Section 7.       Headings  . The
headings of the several Sections and subsections of this Amendment are inserted
for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction
of any provision of this Amendment.  
 Section 8.       Effect of the
Amendment  . Except as expressly set forth herein, (i) this Amendment
shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or
otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative
Agents or the Collateral Agent, in each case under the Credit Agreement or any
other Credit Document, (ii) shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect
any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in
the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document and (iii) each and every term,
condition, obligation, covenant and agreement contained in the Credit Agreement
or any other Credit Document is hereby ratified and re-affirmed in all respects
and shall continue in full force and effect. Each of the Credit Parties hereby
consents to this Amendment and confirms and reaffirms (i) that all obligations
of such Credit Party under the Credit Documents to which such Credit Party is a
party shall continue to apply to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, (ii)
its Guarantees of the Obligations, (iii) its pledges and grants of security
interests and Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations pursuant to the
Security Documents and (iv) such Guarantees, pledges and grants of security
interests, as applicable, shall continue to be in full force and effect and
shall continue to inure to the benefit of the Lenders and the other Secured
Creditors. This Amendment shall constitute a Credit Document for purposes of the
Credit Agreement. 
 - 3 -  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the
day and year first above written.  

SUNOPTA INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer     

SUNOPTA FOODS INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

SUNOPTA GRAINS AND FOODS INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher    

Title: Vice President     

CITRUSOURCE, LLC   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

SUNOPTA COMPANIES INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

SUNOPTA GLOBAL ORGANIC INGREDIENTS
      INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

TRADIN ORGANICS USA LLC   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

SUNOPTA INVESTMENTS LTD.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

SUNRISE HOLDINGS (DELAWARE), INC.

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President     

SUNRISE GROWERS, INC.   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President      

FARM CAPITAL INCORPORATED   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President     

PACIFIC RIDGE FARMS, LLC   

By:  
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice
President     
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

CO PERATIE SUNOPTA U.A.   

By:  
     /s/
      Bob Kouw   

Name: Bob Kouw   

Title: Authorized Signatory

By:  
     /s/
      Gerard Versteegh   

Name: Gerard Versteegh   

Title:Authorized Signatory

THE ORGANIC CORPORATION B.V.   

By:  
     /s/
      Bob Kouw   

Name: Bob Kouw   

Title: Authorized
  Signatory      

By:  
     /s/
      Gerard Versteegh   

Name: Gerard Versteegh   

Title:Authorized Signatory

CROWN OF HOLLAND B.V.   

By:  
     /s/
      Bob Kouw   

Name: Bob Kouw   

Title: Authorized Signatory

By:  
     /s/
      Gerard Versteegh   

Name: Gerard Versteegh   

Title:Authorized Signatory

TRADIN ORGANIC AGRICULTURE B.V.

By:  
     /s/
      Bob Kouw   

Name: Bob Kouw   

Title: Authorized Signatory

By:  
     /s/
      Gerard Versteegh   

Name: Gerard Versteegh   

Title:Authorized Signatory    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

TRABOCCA B.V.   

By:  
     /s/
      Bob Kouw   

Name: Bob Kouw   

Title: Authorized Signatory

By:  
     /s/
      Gerard Versteegh   

Name: Gerard Versteegh   

Title:Authorized Signatory    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

BANK OF AMERICA N.A.,   

as U.S. Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent,

U.S. Swingline Lender, U.S. Issuing Bank and a

U.S. Revolving Lender     

By:  
     /s/
      Steven M. Siravo   

Name: Steven M. Siravo   

Title: SVP     

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,   

(acting through its London branch), as Dutch

Administrative Agent, Dutch Swingline Lender,

Dutch Issuing Bank and a Dutch Revolving Lender

By:  
     /s/
      Steven M. Siravo   

Name: Steven M. Siravo   

Title: SVP     

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its

Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative
      Agent,   

Canadian Swingline Lender, Canadian Issuing
      Bank   

and a Canadian Revolving Lender

By:  
     /s/
      Steven M. Siravo   

Name: Sylwia Durkiewicz   

Title: Vice
President      

BANK OF MONTREAL   CHICAGO BRANCH,   

as a U.S. Lender     

By:  
     /s/
      Randon Gardley   

Name: Randon Gardley   

Title: Vice President    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

BANK OF MONTREAL,   

as a Canadian. Lender     

By:  
     /s/ Pedram Kaya   

Name:  
     Pedram Kaya   

Title:  
     Managing Director   

Corporate Finance, ABL   

BMO Bank of Montreal     

BANK OF MONTREAL   LONDON BRANCH,   

as a Dutch. Lender     

By:  
     /s/ Andy McClinton   

Name:  
     Andy McClinton   

Title:  
     Managing Director     

By:  
     /s/ Scott Matthews   

Name:  
     Scott Matthews   

Title:  
     Managing Director     

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,   

as a U.S. Lender     

By:  
     /s/
      Jessica L. Zilliox   

Name: Jessica L. Zilliox   

Title: Authorized Officer

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., Toronto   

Branch, as a Canadian Lender

By:  
     /s/
      Auggie Marchetti   

Name: Auggie Marchetti   

Title: Authorized Officer    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., London   

Branch, as a Dutch Lender

By:  
     /s/
      Tim Jacob   

Name: Tim Jacob    

Title: Authorized Officer

Rabobank Canada, as a Lender

By:  
     /s/
      Raj Joshi   

Name: Raj Joshi   

Title: Executive Director

By:  
     /s/
      Nicolas Stoupak   

Name: Nicolas Stoupak   

Title: Executive Director

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL   

ASSOCIATION,   

as a U.S. Lender     

By:  
     /s/
      Maria Quintanilla   

Name: Maria Quintanilla   

Title: Authorized Signatory

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE   

CORPORATION CANADA,   

as a Canadian Lender     

By:  
     /s/ David G. Phillips   

Name:  
     David G. Phillips   

Title:  
     Senior Vice President   

Credit Officer, Canada   

Wells Fargo Capital Finance   

Corporation Canada    
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL   

ASSOCIATION LONDON BRANCH,   

as a Dutch Lender     

By:  
     /s/ T
      SALDANHA   

Name: T SALDANHA   

Title: AUTHORISED SIGNATORY
   
 [Signature Page to First Amendment]  

EXHIBIT A    Amended Credit Agreement   

EXECUTION       CONFORMED     COPY     REFLECTING      
   
        FIRST AMENDMENT, DATED AS OF
      OCTOBER 7, 2016      

CREDIT AGREEMENT  
 Dated as of February 11, 2016,  
 among  
 SUNOPTA INC.,  as Company and Canadian Parent Borrower, 
 SUNOPTA FOODS, INC.,  as U.S. Parent Borrower  
 THE ORGANIC CORPORATION B.V.,  as Dutch Parent Borrower  
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries from time to time party
hereto as Borrowers and Guarantors,  
 VARIOUS LENDERS,  
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,  as U.S. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT,
COLLATERAL AGENT and U.S. ISSUING BANK,  
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADA BRANCH),  as
CANADIAN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT and CANADIAN ISSUING BANK 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS LONDON BRANCH),  as
DUTCH ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT and DUTCH ISSUING BANK 
 __________________________________________ 
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND, CANADIAN BRANCH  and BANK OF MONTREAL,
 as CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS,  
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.  as DOCUMENTATION AGENT   
 MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER   SMITH INCORPORATED,
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND, CANADIAN BRANCH  and BANK OF MONTREAL,  as
JOINT LEAD ARRANGERS and JOINT BOOKRUNNERS  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

-ii-  

-iii-  

-iv-  

SCHEDULE 1.01A  
     Unrestricted
      Subsidiaries   
   
     SCHEDULE 1.01B  
     Existing Letters of Credit   
   
     SCHEDULE 1.01C  
     Immaterial Subsidiaries   
   
     SCHEDULE 1.01D  
     Canadian and U.S. Fixed Asset Amount
      Depreciation Schedule   
   
     SCHEDULE 2.01  
     Commitments   
   
     SCHEDULE 5.15  
     Closing Date Mortgaged Property   
   
     SCHEDULE 7.13  
     Subsidiaries   
   
     SCHEDULE 8.15(d)  
     Deposit Accounts   
   
     SCHEDULE 9.01(viii)  
     Existing Liens   
   
     SCHEDULE 9.02(xx)  
     Disposition of Specified Assets   
   
     SCHEDULE 9.04(iv)  
     Existing Indebtedness   
   
     SCHEDULE 9.05(viii)  
     Existing Investments   
   
     SCHEDULE 12.03  
     Notices

EXHIBIT A-1  
     Form of Notice of
      Borrowing   
   
     EXHIBIT A-2  
     Form of Notice of
      Conversion/Continuation   
   
     EXHIBIT B-1  
     Form of U.S. Revolving Note

EXHIBIT B-2  
     Form of Canadian Revolving Note   
   
     EXHIBIT B-3  
     Form of Dutch Revolving Note

EXHIBIT B-4  
     Form of U.S. Swingline Note   
   
     EXHIBIT B-5  
     Form of Canadian Swingline Note

EXHIBIT B-6  
     Form of Dutch Swingline Note   
   
     EXHIBIT C  
     Form of U.S. Tax Compliance
      Certificate   
   
     EXHIBIT D  
     Form of Borrowing Base Certificate   
   
     EXHIBIT E  
     Form of Joinder Agreement

EXHIBIT F  
     Form of Solvency Certificate   
   
     EXHIBIT G  
     Form of Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT H  
     Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement
     
 -v-  

EXHIBIT I  
     Form of Assignment
      Notice   
   
     EXHIBIT J  
     Form of Borrower Designation Request and
      Assumption Agreement   
   
     EXHIBIT K  
     Form of Borrower Designation
      Notice   
   
     EXHIBIT L  
     Form of Subordinated Intercompany Note
     
 -vi-  

THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as
of February 11, 2016, among SUNOPTA INC. (the   Company   or   Canadian
Parent Borrower   as hereinafter further defined), SUNOPTA FOODS, INC. (the
  U.S. Parent Borrower   as hereinafter further defined), THE ORGANIC
CORPORATION B.V. (the   Dutch Parent Borrower   as hereinafter further
defined) and each of the other Borrowers (as hereinafter defined) and Guarantors
(as hereinafter defined) party hereto from time to time, the Lenders party
hereto from time to time, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent under
the U.S. Subfacility (in such capacity, the   U.S. Administrative Agent  
as hereinafter further defined), and as a U.S. Issuing Bank and the U.S.
Swingline Lender, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADA BRANCH), as
Administrative Agent under the Canadian Subfacility (in such capacity, the
  Canadian Administrative Agent   as hereinafter further defined), and as
a Canadian Issuing Bank and the Canadian Swingline Lender, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
(ACTING THROUGH ITS LONDON BRANCH), as Administrative Agent under the Dutch
Subfacility (in such capacity, the   Dutch Administrative Agent   as
hereinafter further defined), and as a Dutch Issuing Bank and the Dutch
Swingline Lender, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A, as Collateral Agent (in such
capacity, the   Collateral Agent   as hereinafter further defined). All
capitalized terms used herein and defined in  Section 1.01  are used herein
as therein defined.  
  W   I   T   N   E   S   S 
 E   T   H :  
 WHEREAS, (a) the Borrowers have
requested that the Lenders extend credit in the form of Revolving Loans in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $350,000,000,
consisting of (i) a U.S. Subfacility in an initial aggregate principal amount of
$260,000,000 (the   U.S. Subfacility  ), (ii) a Canadian Subfacility in an
initial aggregate principal amount of $15,000,000 (the   Canadian
Subfacility  ) and (iii) a Dutch Subfacility in an initial aggregate
principal amount of $75,000,000 (the   Dutch Subfacility   and, together
with the U.S. Subfacility and Canadian Subfacility, the   Subfacilities  ),
(b) the Borrowers have requested that the Issuing Banks issue Letters of Credit
in an aggregate Stated Amount at any time outstanding not to exceed (i)
$50,000,000 under the U.S. Subfacility, (ii) $15,000,000 under the Canadian
Subfacility and (iii) $20,000,000 under the Dutch Subfacility and (c) the
Borrowers have requested the Swingline Lenders to extend credit in the form of
Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to
exceed (i) $30,000,000 under the U.S. Subfacility, (ii) $3,000,000 under the
Canadian Subfacility and (iii) $10,000,000 under the Dutch Subfacility.  
 NOW THEREFORE, the Lenders are
willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers, the Swingline Lenders are
willing to make Swingline Loans to the Borrowers and the Issuing Banks are
willing to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrowers on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 Section 1    
 Definitions and Accounting Terms .  
 1.01.    
 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:   Account Debtor   shall mean any Person who may
become obligated to another Person under, with respect to, or on account of, an
Account.  
   Account Debtor Approved
Countries   shall mean the United States, Canada, the Netherlands, Germany,
France, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, Denmark, Ireland, United Kingdom, Spain,
Portugal, Austria, Finland, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Hong Kong, Singapore,
Australia, New Zealand and Japan.  

Accounts   shall mean all
 accounts,  as such term is defined in the UCC (or, with respect to any Canadian
Credit Party, as defined in the PPSA), or, with respect to any Dutch Credit
Party, all  vorderingen  (as used in the Dutch Civil Code), in any such
case in which any Person now or hereafter has rights, including all rights to
payment for goods sold or leased or for services rendered.  
   ACH   shall mean automated
clearing house transfers.  
   Acquired Entity or
Business   shall mean either (x) the assets constituting a business, division
or product line of any Person not already a Subsidiary of the Company or (y) the
Equity Interests of any Person, which Person shall, as a result of the
respective acquisition, become a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (or shall
be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with and/or into the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company).  
    Additional Account Security
Actions   shall mean (i) with respect to any Accounts originated by any
Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in the United Kingdom, such
originating Borrower shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered an
Assignment of Receivables governed by English law and covering all receivables
owed by Account Debtors located in the United Kingdom (or, if, on or prior to
the date of such Additional Account Security Action, the Administrative Agent
reasonably determines that, as a result of a change in any law that occurs after
the Closing Date or for any other reason, the execution and delivery of such
Assignment of Receivables, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, would not be sufficient to provide a valid
and enforceable first priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest
in such Accounts, such originating Borrower shall have duly authorized, executed
and delivered such documentation, and taken such other collateral security and
perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent,
when taken together with the actions required by the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first priority (and perfected or
equivalent) security interest in all Accounts originated by such Borrower that
are owed from Account Debtors located in the United Kingdom (including any
filings, notifications, registrations or other documentation deemed reasonably
necessary by the Administrative Agent)), (ii) with respect to any Accounts
originated by any Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in
Germany, such originating Borrower shall have duly authorized, executed and
delivered a Security Assignment of Receivables governed by German law covering
all receivables owed by Account Debtors located in Germany (or, if on or prior
to the date of such Additional Account Security Action, the Administrative Agent
reasonably determines that, as a result of a change in any law that occurs after
the Closing Date or for any other reason, the execution and delivery of such
Security Assignment of Receivables, when taken together with the actions
required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, would not be sufficient to
provide a valid and enforceable first priority (and perfected or equivalent)
security interest in such Accounts, such originating Borrower shall have duly
authorized, executed and delivered such documentation, and taken such other
collateral security and perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the
Administrative Agent, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in all Accounts
originated by such Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in
Germany (including any filings, notifications, registrations or other
documentation deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent)), (iii)
with respect to any Accounts originated by any Borrower that are owed from
Account Debtors located in France, such originating Borrower shall have duly
authorized, executed and delivered a Pledge Over Receivables governed by French
law, covering all receivables owed by Account Debtors located in France (or, if
on or prior to the date of such Additional Account Security Action, the
Administrative Agent reasonably determines that, as a result of a change in any
law that occurs after the Closing Date or for any other reason, the execution
and delivery of such Pledge Over Receivables, when taken together with the
actions required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, would not be
sufficient to provide a valid and enforceable first priority (and perfected or
equivalent) security interest in such Accounts, such originating Borrower shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered
such documentation, and taken such other collateral security and perfection
actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent, when taken
together with the actions required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
to provide a valid and enforceable first priority (and perfected or equivalent)
security interest in all Accounts originated by such Borrower that are owed from
Account Debtors located in France (including any filings, notifications,
registrations or other documentation deemed reasonably necessary by the
Administrative Agent)) and (iv) with respect to any Accounts originated by any
Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in any Account Debtor
Approved Country (other than the United States, Canada, the Netherlands, the
United Kingdom, Germany or France), such originating Borrower shall have duly
authorized, executed and delivered such documentation, and taken such other
collateral security and perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the
Administrative Agent, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in all Accounts
originated by such Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in such
jurisdiction (including any filings, notifications, registrations or other
documentation deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent);
 provided  that no Credit Party shall be required to cause its legal
counsel to delivery an opinion with respect to any document executed and
delivered in connection with any Additional Account Security Action at the time
of execution and delivery of such document or at any time thereafter.  
 -2-  

Additional Inventory
Security Actions   shall mean (i) with respect to any Inventory that is
located in the United Kingdom and owned by a Dutch Borrower, all Dutch Borrowers
owning Inventory located in the United Kingdom shall have duly authorized,
executed and delivered a Floating Charge Over Inventory governed by English law
and taken all actions required thereunder or under applicable law to perfect the
lien created thereunder (or, if on or prior to the date of such Additional
Inventory Security Action, the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that,
as a result of a change in any law that occurs after the Closing Date or for any
other reason, the execution and delivery of such Floating Charge Over Inventory,
when taken together with the actions required by the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, would not be sufficient to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in such Inventory, all
Dutch Borrowers owning Inventory located in the United Kingdom shall have duly
authorized, executed and delivered such documentation, and taken such other
collateral security and perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the
Administrative Agent, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in such Inventory
(including any filings, notifications, registrations or other documentation
deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent)), (ii) with respect to
any Inventory that is located in Germany and owned by a Dutch Borrower, all
Dutch Borrowers owning Inventory located in Germany shall have duly authorized,
executed and delivered a Security Transfer Agreement governed by German Law that
covers the location at which such Inventory resides and taken all actions
required thereunder or under applicable law to perfect the lien created
thereunder (or, if on or prior to the date of such Additional Inventory Security
Action, the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that, as a result of a
change in any law that occurs after the Closing Date or for any other reason,
the execution and delivery of such Security Transfer Agreement, when taken
together with the actions required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
would not be sufficient to provide a valid and enforceable first priority (and
perfected or equivalent) security interest in such Inventory, all Dutch
Borrowers owning Inventory located in Germany shall have duly authorized,
executed and delivered such documentation, and taken such other collateral
security and perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by the
Administrative Agent, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in such Inventory
(including any filings, notifications, registrations or other documentation
deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent)) and (iii) with respect
to any Inventory that is located in France and owned by a Dutch Borrower, all
Dutch Borrowers owning Inventory located in France shall have duly authorized,
executed and delivered a Pledge Over Inventory governed by
French law and taken all actions required thereunder or under applicable law to
perfect the lien created thereunder (or, if on or prior to the date of such
Additional Inventory Security Action, the Administrative Agent reasonably
determines that, as a result of a change in any law that occurs after the
Closing Date or for any other reason, the execution and delivery of such Pledge
Over Inventory, when taken together with the actions required by the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, would not be sufficient to provide a valid and
enforceable first priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in
such Inventory, all Dutch Borrowers owning Inventory located in France shall
have duly authorized, executed and delivered such documentation, and taken such
other collateral security and perfection actions, deemed reasonably necessary by
the Administrative Agent, when taken together with the actions required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to provide a valid and enforceable first
priority (and perfected or equivalent) security interest in such Inventory
(including any filings, notifications, registrations or other documentation
deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent));  provided  that
no Credit Party shall be required to cause its legal counsel to delivery an
opinion with respect to any document executed and delivered in connection with
any Additional Inventory Security Action at the time of execution and delivery
of such document or at any time thereafter; (for the avoidance of any doubt, if
any additional Person owning Inventory located in the United Kingdom, France or
Germany becomes a Dutch Borrower under this Agreement at any time, after the
date, if any, when the Additional Inventory Security Actions have been satisfied
in such jurisdiction, the Additional Inventory Security Actions shall be deemed
no longer satisfied with respect to such jurisdiction until the date, if ever,
upon which each such additional Dutch Borrower has satisfied the applicable
requirements of this definition in such jurisdiction).  
 -3-  

Additional Lenders   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.15(b) .  
   Additional Mortgages  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.10(f) .  
   Adjustment Date   shall
mean the first day of each of April, July, October and January, as applicable.
 
   Administrative Agent  
shall mean the U.S. Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent
and/or the Dutch Administrative Agent, as the context may require, and shall
include any successor to any such Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to
Section 11.09;  provided  that in each instance in this Agreement or any
other Credit Document that provides for an Administrative Agent to exercise its
discretion (including the establishment or modification of Reserves or the
exercise of Permitted Discretion) or provides for an Administrative Agent to
provide any consent, determination or other judgment with regard to any action
or inaction under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, the referenced,
 Administrative Agent  shall mean the U.S. Administrative Agent.  
   Affiliate   of any
specified Person shall mean, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified
Person. For purposes of this definition,   control   (including, with
correlative meanings, the terms   controlling ,    controlled by   and
  under common control with  ), as used with respect to any Person, shall
mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise;  provided ,
 however , that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender (nor any
Affiliate thereof) shall be considered an Affiliate of the Company or any
Subsidiary thereof as a result of this Agreement, the extensions of credit
hereunder or its actions in connection therewith.  
   Affiliate Transaction  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.06 .  
 -4-  

Agent-Related Persons  
shall mean the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, their respective
Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact
of the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent and their respective
Affiliates.  
   Agents   shall mean the
Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent.  
   Agreement   shall mean
this Credit Agreement.  
   Agreement Currency   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 12.20 .  
   Alternative Currency  
shall mean Canadian Dollars, Euros, Sterling, Swiss Francs and any other
currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with  Section
1.08 .  
   Alternative Currency
Equivalent   shall mean, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated
in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency
as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the
case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect
of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of such Alternative
Currency with Dollars.  
   AML Legislation   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 12.17 .  
   Amort Cap   shall have the
meaning provided in the definition of the term  Amortization Reserve .  
   Amortization Reserve  
shall mean any Reserve established or modified by the Administrative Agent in
its Permitted Discretion in accordance with the provisions of  Section
2.22  in the event that any Junior Debt instrument has an amortization
schedule that requires annual principal payments exceeding 5.0% of the total
principal amount of such Junior Debt (the   Amort Cap  ) prior to the date
that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, (it being understood that such Reserve
shall be established with respect to amortization payments in excess of the
Amort Cap against the assets included in the Borrowing Base on the date that is
91 days prior to each scheduled date of such Junior Debt amortization payments).
 
   Anti-Terrorism Laws  
shall mean any Requirement of Law relating to terrorism or money laundering,
including the PATRIOT Act, the Criminal Code R.S.C. 1985, c. c-46, as amended,
AML Legislation, the United Nations Act, R.S.C. 1985 c. u-2, as amended,
Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression of
Terrorism and the United Nations al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations promulgated
under the United Nations Act, the PCMLTFA, the Canadian Sanction Laws and
DMLTFPA.  
   Applicable Margin   shall
mean the per annum percentage set forth below, as determined by the Average
Availability as of the most recent Adjustment Date:  
 
 -5-  

Until completion of the first
full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, the Applicable Margin shall be
determined as if Level II were applicable. Thereafter, the Applicable Margin
shall be subject to increase or decrease on each Adjustment Date based on
Average Availability, as determined by the Administrative Agent s system of
record, and each such increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin shall be
effective on the Adjustment Date occurring immediately after the last day of the
fiscal quarter most recently ended. If (i) the Borrowers fail to deliver any
Borrowing Base Certificate on or before the date required for delivery thereof
or (ii) any Event of Default is continuing, then the Applicable Margin shall be
determined as if Level III were applicable, from the first day of the calendar
month following the date such Borrowing Base Certificate was required to be
delivered or from the date such Event of Default occurred, as applicable, until
two Business Days after the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate
or when such Event of Default is no longer continuing.  
   Appraisal   shall mean an
appraisal, prepared on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent (and, in the case of any appraisal of Real Property located in the United
States, the U.S. Revolving Lenders and in the case of any appraisal of Real
Property located in Canada, the Canadian Revolving Lenders;  provided  that
any such Lenders shall be deemed satisfied with such appraisals if no objection
is made within ten (10) Business Days of delivery to such Lender), setting forth
the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage of any Inventory or Equipment, or
the Fair Market Value of any Real Property (as the case may be), which appraisal
shall be prepared in accordance with this Agreement by an appraiser selected by
the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.  
   Approved Fund   shall mean
any Person (other than a natural Person) engaged in making and holding revolving
commitments of the type and under credit facilities similar to the credit
facilities contemplated by this Agreement (including in one or more of the
jurisdictions of organization of the Borrowers) in its ordinary course of
business and consistent with its past practices that is administered or managed
by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.  
   Asset Sale   shall mean
(a) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single
transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a
Sale-Leaseback Transaction), of property or assets of the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries (each referred to in this definition as a
  disposition  ) or (b) the issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than   any issuance or sale of
  Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries    issued in compliance with     not prohibited by    Section 9.04  hereof), whether
in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, in each case other
than:  
 (i)     any disposition of Investment Cash
Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or surplus, damaged, obsolete or
worn-out assets in the ordinary course of business (including the abandonment or
other disposition of intellectual property that is, in the reasonable judgment
of the Company, no longer economically practicable or commercially reasonable to
maintain or useful in any material respect, taken as a whole, in the conduct of
the business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole) or
any disposition of inventory, services, accounts receivable, notes receivable or
goods (or other assets) in the ordinary course of business or any disposition of
Collateral or the discount or forgiveness of accounts receivable or the
conversion of accounts receivable to notes receivable in the ordinary course of
business in connection with the collection or compromise thereof, but in any
event excluding Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate and Eligible Equipment (to the
extent any such Real Property or Equipment is at such time included in the
Borrowing Base as Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate and Eligible Equipment);  
 -6-  

(ii)     the disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company in a manner permitted pursuant to
 Section 9.11  hereof or any disposition that constitutes a Change of
Control pursuant to this Agreement;  
 (iii)     the making of any Restricted
Payment that is permitted to be made, and is made, under  Section 9.03 
hereof, including the making of any Permitted Investments;  
 (iv)     any disposition of assets or
issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary in any
transaction or series of related transactions with an aggregate Fair Market
Value of less than $5,000,000;  
 (v)     any disposition of property or
assets (including by way of liquidation or dissolution) or issuance or sale of
securities by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or by the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company to another Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company,  provided  that, with respect to any disposition
of property or assets or issuance or sale of securities by a Credit Party to a
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Credit Party (1) the portion
(if any) of any such sale, disposition or contribution of property made for less
than Fair Market Value and (2) any noncash consideration received in exchange
for any such sale, disposition or contribution of property, shall in each case
constitute an Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary that must be permitted by
 Section 9.05 ;  
 (vi)     any issuance or sale of Equity
Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted
Subsidiary;  
 (vii)     foreclosures, condemnation,
casualty, expropriation, forced disposition or any similar action with respect
to assets or the granting of Liens not prohibited by this Agreement;  
 (viii)     any financing transaction with
respect to property (other than Real Property or Equipment that is at such time
included in the Borrowing Base as Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate and Eligible
Equipment) built or acquired by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after
the Closing Date, including Sale-Leaseback Transactions;  
 (ix)     the sale, transfer or other
disposition or unwinding of any Hedging Obligations;  
 (x)     the abandonment of intellectual
property rights in the ordinary course of business, which in the reasonable good
faith determination of the Company are not material to the conduct of the
business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole;  
 (xi)     the issuance by a Restricted
Subsidiary of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock that is permitted by
 Section 9.04  hereof;  
 (xii)     the granting of any option or
other right to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire delinquent accounts
receivable in the ordinary course of business;  
 (xiii)     the lease, assignment,
sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real or personal property in the
ordinary course of business;  
 (xiv)     any surrender or waiver of
contract rights or settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract,
tort or other claims in the ordinary course of business;  
 -7-  

(xv)    the licensing and sub-licensing of
intellectual property or other general intangibles in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice;  
 (xvi)     the granting of Liens not
prohibited by  Section 9.01  hereof;  
 (xvii)     sales, transfers and other
dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made
pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties
set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements;  
 (xviii)     the issuance of directors 
qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by
applicable Requirement of Law;  
 (xix)     transfers of property subject to
Casualty Events upon receipt of the net cash proceeds of such Casualty Event;
 provided  that any Investment Cash Equivalents received by the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Casualty Event shall be
deemed to be net cash proceeds of an Asset Sale, and such net cash proceeds
shall be applied in accordance with  Section 9.02  hereof; and  
 (xx)     the Opta Minerals Disposition and
the disposition of other assets specifically identified by the Company on
 Schedule 9.02(xx) .  
   Assignment and Assumption
Agreement   shall mean an Assignment and Assumption Agreement substantially
in the form of  Exhibit H  (appropriately completed) or such other form as
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.  
   Availability Conditions   shall
mean and be deemed satisfied only if:  
 (a)     the Dollar Equivalent of each
Lender s U.S. Revolving Exposure does not exceed such Lender s U.S. Revolving
Commitment;  
 (b)     the Dollar Equivalent of each
Lender s Canadian Revolving Exposure does not exceed such Lender s Canadian
Revolving Commitment;  
 (c)     the Dollar Equivalent of each
Lender s Dutch Revolving Exposure does not exceed such Lender s Dutch Revolving
Commitment;  
 (d)     the aggregate U.S. Revolving
Exposure does not exceed the U.S. Borrowing Base then in effect;  
 (e)     the aggregate Canadian Revolving
Exposure does not exceed the Canadian Borrowing Base then in effect; and  
 (f)     the aggregate Dutch Revolving
Exposure does not exceed the Dutch Borrowing Base then in effect.  
   Available Equity Amount
Basket   shall mean, at any time (the  Available Equity Amount  Reference
Time  ), a cumulative amount equal to (without duplication in the case of
clauses (a) through (c)) (a) the net cash proceeds received from any new public
or private issuances of Equity Interests of the Company  
 (    or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each
case,   other than Disqualified Stock) to the extent such proceeds are
contributed to the Company   or such Restricted Subsidiary
  as Qualified Equity Interests within the 30 days immediately
preceding the Available Equity Amount Reference Time,  plus  (b) the amount of all capital contributions to the Company   or any Restricted Subsidiary   made in Investment Cash
Equivalents (other than Disqualified Stock) and made within the 30 days
immediately preceding the Available Equity Amount Reference Time,  plus  (c) the net cash proceeds received by the Company   or
any Restricted Subsidiary   from Indebtedness and Disqualified Stock
issuances that have been incurred after the Closing Date and which have been
exchanged or converted into Qualified Equity Interests within the 30 days
immediately preceding the Available Equity Amount Reference Time,  minus  (d) the sum, without duplication, and, without taking into account the
proposed portion of the Available Equity Amount Basket calculated above to be
used at the applicable Available Equity Amount Reference Time, of:  
 -8-  

(i)     the aggregate amount of any
Investments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary using the
Available Equity Amount Basket after the Closing Date and prior to the Available
Equity Amount Reference Time; and  
 (ii)     the aggregate amount of any
Restricted Payments and Restricted Junior Debt Prepayments made by the Borrower
using the Available Equity Amount Basket after the Closing Date and prior to the
Available Equity Amount Reference Time.  
   Available Equity Amount
Reference Time   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the
term  Available Equity Amount Basket . 
   Average Availability  
shall mean, at any Adjustment Date, the average daily Total Excess Availability
for the fiscal quarter period immediately preceding such Adjustment Date.  
   Average Usage   shall
mean, at any Adjustment Date, the average daily aggregate Revolving Exposure for
the applicable Subfacility (excluding any Revolving Exposure resulting from any
outstanding Swingline Loans) for the fiscal quarter period immediately preceding
such Adjustment Date divided by the Revolving Commitments in respect of such
Subfacility at such time.  
   B/A Equivalent Loan  
shall mean a Canadian Revolving Loan (other than a Canadian Prime Loan), or
portion thereof, funded in Canadian Dollars and bearing interest calculated by
reference to the Canadian B/A Rate.  
   Bail-In Action   shall
mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA
Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial
Institution.  
   Bail-In Legislation  
shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the
European Union, the implementing Requirement of Law for such EEA Member Country.
 
   BANA   shall mean Bank of
America, N.A. and its permitted successors and permitted assigns.  
   Bank of Canada Overnight Rate  
shall mean the Bank of Canada overnight rate, which is the rate of interest
charged by the Bank of Canada on one-day loans to financial institutions, for
such day.  
   Bank Product   shall mean
any of the following products, services or facilities extended to any Borrower
or any of Company s Restricted Subsidiaries: (a) Cash Management Services; (b)
products under Hedging Agreements; (c) commercial credit card and merchant card
services; and (d) other banking products or services as may be requested by any
Borrower, other than Letters of Credit.  
 -9-  

Bank Product Debt   shall
mean Indebtedness and other obligations (including Hedging Obligations and Cash
Management Obligations) of a Borrower or any of Company s Restricted
Subsidiaries relating to Bank Products. 
   Bankruptcy Code   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 10.05 .  
   Base Rate Loans   shall
mean Canadian Base Rate Loans, U.S. Base Rate Loans and/or European Base Rate
Loans, as the context may require.  
    BIA   shall mean the
 Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act  (Canada), as amended.  
   Board of Directors   shall
mean, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the board
of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company,
the board of managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the
Board of Directors of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other
case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing.  
   Borrower Designation Notice  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.21(a) .  
   Borrower Designation Request
and Assumption Agreement   shall have the meaning provided in  Section
2.21(a) .  
   Borrowers   shall mean the
U.S. Borrowers, the Canadian Borrowers and the Dutch Borrowers, as the context
requires.  
   Borrowing   shall mean the
borrowing of the same Type and Class of Revolving Loan by the Borrowers from all
the Lenders having Commitments on a given date (or resulting from a conversion
or conversions on such date), having in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the
same Interest Period and in the case of B/A Equivalent Loans, the same Contract
Period;  provided  that U.S. Base Rate Loans, European Base Rate Loans,
Canadian Base Rate and Canadian Prime Loans incurred pursuant to  Section
3.01(b)  shall be considered part of the related Borrowing of Eurocurrency
Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans, as applicable.  
   Borrowing Base   shall
mean (a) with respect to the U.S. Revolving Commitment, the U.S. Borrowing Base,
(b) with respect to the Canadian Revolving Commitment, the Canadian Borrowing
Base, (c) with respect to the Dutch Revolving Commitment, the Dutch Borrowing
Base and (d) the sum of the U.S. Borrowing Base, the Canadian Borrowing Base and
the Dutch Borrowing Base, as the context may require. The Borrowing Base or any
component thereof at any time shall be determined by reference to the most
recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant
to  Section 8.15(a) .  
   Borrowing Base Cash
Equivalents   shall mean:  
 (a)     Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euro,
Pounds Sterling or yen;  
 (b)     securities issued or directly and
fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or Canada
any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are
unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such
government with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition;
 
 (c)     certificates of deposit, time
deposits and Eurodollar time deposits with maturities of 12 months or less from
the date of acquisition, demand deposits, bankers  acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits,
in each case with any domestic or foreign commercial bank having capital and
surplus of not less than $250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and $100,000,000
million (or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the
case of non-U.S. banks;  
 -10-  

(d)     investments in fully collateralized
repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying
securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) entered into with any
financial institution or recognized securities dealer meeting the qualifications
specified in clause (c) above; and  
 (e)     commercial paper (i) maturing not
more than 270 days after the date of purchase and (ii) issued by a corporation
(other than a Credit Party or any Affiliate of a Credit Party) with a rating, at
the time as of which any determination thereof is to be made, of  P-1  or higher
by Moody s or  A-1  or higher by S P (or equivalent rating in the case of
Borrowing Base Cash Equivalents held by a Foreign Subsidiary of the Company) .
 
   Borrowing Base
Certificate   shall mean a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the
Company in substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form as shall be
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.  
    Borrowing Base Reallocation
Notice   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term
 Canadian Borrowing Base .  
   Borrowing Minimum   shall
mean (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, $1,000,000, (b) in
the case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, C$1,000,000, (c) in the
case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro,  1,000,000, (d) in the case of a
Borrowing denominated in Sterling,  1,000,000, (e) in the case of a Borrowing
denominated in Swiss Francs, 1,000,000 Fr. and (f) in the case of a Borrowing
denominated in any other Alternative Currency, such amount as may be agreed by
the applicable Administrative Agent and the Company.  
   Borrowing Multiple   shall
mean (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, $500,000, (b) in the
case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, C$500,000, (c) in the case
of a Borrowing denominated in Euro,  500,000, (d) in the case of a Borrowing
denominated in Sterling,  500,000, (e) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in
Swiss Francs, 500,000 Fr. and (f) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any
other Alternative Currency, such amount as may be agreed by the applicable
Administrative Agent and the Company.  
   Business Day   shall mean
(i) for all purposes other than as covered by clause (ii) below, any day except
Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be in New York City, Chicago, Toronto,
Ontario, Canada, London, England or Amsterdam, the Netherlands a legal holiday
or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by Requirement
of Law or other government action to close and (ii) with respect to all notices
and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest
on, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, any day which is a Business Day described in clause
(i) above and which is also a day for trading by and between banks in the New
York or London interbank Eurodollar market.  
   Canadian Administrative
Agent   shall have the meaning provided in the preamble hereto and any
successor thereto appointed pursuant to  Section 11.09 .  
   Canadian B/A Rate   shall
mean, for any day, the rate of interest per annum equal to the average rate
applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers  acceptances having an identical or
comparable term as the proposed B/A Equivalent Loan displayed and identified as
such on the display referred to as the  CDOR Page  (or any display substituted therefor) of Reuters Monitor
Money Rates Service as at approximately 10:00 a.m. Local Time on such day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, as of 10:00 a.m. Local Time on the
immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if such rate does not appear
on the CDOR Page at such time on such date, the rate for such date will be the
average of the annual discount rate (rounded upward to the nearest whole
multiple of 1/100 of 1%) as of 10:00 a.m. Local Time on such day at which two or
more Canadian chartered banks listed on Schedule 1 of the  Bank Act  (Canada), as selected by the Canadian Administrative Agent is then offering to
purchase Canadian Dollar bankers  acceptances accepted by it having such
specified term (or a term as closely as possible comparable to such specified
term).  
 -11-  

Canadian Base Rate   shall
mean, for any day, the per annum rate of interest equal to the greatest of (a)
the rate of interest in effect for such day or so designated from time to time
by BANA(acting through its Canada branch) as its  base rate  for commercial
loans made by it in Dollars, such rate being a reference rate and not
necessarily representing the lowest or best rate being charged to any customer;
(b) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus 0.50% per annum; or (c) the
Eurocurrency Rate for a one-month interest period as determined on such day,
plus 1.00% . Any change in such rate announced by BANA (acting through its
Canada branch) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified
in the public announcement thereof.  
   Canadian Base Rate Loan  
shall mean a Canadian Revolving Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars that bears
interest based on the Canadian Base Rate.  
   Canadian Blocked Persons  
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Eligible Account
Debtor .  
   Canadian Borrower   shall
mean the Canadian Parent Borrower and each Canadian Subsidiary of the Company
that executes a counterpart hereto and to any other applicable Credit Document
to become a Borrower, whether on the Closing Date or after the Closing Date in
accordance with  Section 2.21 .  
   Canadian Borrowing Base  
shall mean, at the time of any determination, an amount equal to the sum of the
Dollar Equivalent, without duplication, of  
 (a)     (I) 85% of the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of Eligible Canadian Accounts of the Canadian Borrowers
(other than Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts) at such time
 plus  (II) 90% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Insured
and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts of the Canadian Borrowers at such time;
 plus   
 (b)     the lesser of (i) the lesser of 70%
of the Cost or Fair Market Value of Eligible Canadian Inventory at such time and
(ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible Canadian Inventory at
such time;  plus   
 (c)     the lesser of (x) 75% of the
appraised Fair Market Value of Eligible Canadian Real Estate (the   Canadian
Real Estate Component  ),  plus  85% of the appraised Net Orderly
Liquidation Value of the Eligible Canadian Equipment (the   Canadian Equipment
Component  ), and (y) $50,000,000 (taken together with amounts included in
the U.S. Borrowing Base pursuant to clause (c) thereof) (the   Canadian Fixed
Asset Amount    provided  that, commencing with the Borrowing Base
calculation delivered for June 30, 2016: (i) the Canadian Real Estate Component
shall be reduced quarterly based on a 15-year straight-line depreciation
schedule, (ii) the Canadian Equipment Component shall be reduced quarterly based
on a 7-year straight-line depreciation schedule and (iii) the Canadian Fixed
Asset Amount shall be reduced quarterly pursuant to the depreciation schedule
set forth as  Schedule 1.01D  hereto;  provided,   further, 
that, if a Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event occurs and the Company
chooses to have the Canadian Borrowing Base calculated based on the updated
information set forth in the relevant Appraisals (and including only the
Eligible Equipment and Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate so appraised), then,
commencing with the Borrowing Base calculation delivered immediately after the
date of such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event until such time as a further
additional Appraisal is completed, if ever, on the applicable assets, the
amortization of the Canadian Real Estate Component and the Canadian Equipment
Component shall be reset so that (i) the Canadian Real Estate Component shall be
reduced quarterly based on a 15-year straight-line depreciation schedule
commencing with the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the date of any
such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event and the Canadian Equipment Component shall be
reduced quarterly based on a 7-year straight-line depreciation schedule
commencing with the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the date of any
such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event and (ii) the Canadian Fixed Asset Amount
shall be reduced pursuant to an updated depreciation schedule commencing with
the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the date of any such Fixed Asset
Reappraisal Event of the type set forth as Schedule 1.01D, which will reflect
the then current mix of Eligible Canadian Real Estate and Eligible Canadian
Equipment;  plus  
 -12-  

(d)     100% of the unrestricted Borrowing
Base Cash Equivalents of the Canadian Borrowers (to the extent held in
segregated Deposit Accounts in Canada maintained with BANA or any other Lender
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, in each case, subject
to Deposit Account Control Agreements in favor of the Collateral Agent) so long
as, if such segregated Deposit Accounts are maintained with Lenders other than
BANA, the Canadian Administrative Agent receives daily reports of the cash
balances under such segregated Deposit Accounts reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent;  plus   
 (e)     if requested by the Company to the
Administrative Agent as noted in the then current Borrowing Base Certificate
(any such included request, a   Borrowing Base Reallocation Notice  ), a
portion of the positive amount, if any, by which the Dutch Borrowing Base and/or
the U.S. Borrowing Base exceed the total Dutch Revolving Exposure and/or U.S.
Revolving Exposure of all Lenders on the date of such request, may be
reallocated to the Canadian Borrowing Base;  provided  that a Borrowing
Base Reallocation Notice may only be delivered once in any calendar month, and
shall set forth the requested reallocation of available Borrowing Base among
Subfacilities, and which reallocation shall become effective upon confirmation
by the Administrative Agent that such reallocation would not cause the Revolving
Exposure under any Subfacility to exceed the Borrowing Base for the applicable
Subfacility, and which reallocation shall remain effective thereafter until such
time, if any, as a new Borrowing Base Reallocation Notice is received and has
become effective;  minus   
 (f)     the portion of the Canadian
Borrowing Base, if any, that is reallocated to the U.S. Borrowing Base and/or
the Dutch Borrowing Base pursuant to clause (e) of the definition of the term
 U.S. Borrowing Base  and/or clause (c) of the definition of the term  Dutch
Borrowing Base,  respectively;  minus   
 (g)     any Reserves established or
modified from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its
Permitted Discretion in accordance with the provisions of  Section 2.22 ;
 
 The Canadian Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by
reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 8.15(a) , adjusted as necessary
(pending the delivery of a new Borrowing Base Certificate) to reflect the impact
of any Significant Asset Sale or the acquisition of any assets in a Permitted
Acquisition or similar Investment (or any event or circumstance which, pursuant to the eligibility rules set forth
in the definitions of Eligible Account, Eligible Equipment, Eligible Inventory,
Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts or Eligible Fee-Owned Real
Estate, renders any such Account, Equipment, Inventory or Real Property eligible
or ineligible for inclusion in the Canadian Borrowing Base after delivery of the
most recent Borrowing Base Certificate). The Administrative Agent shall have the
right (but no obligation) to review the computations in any Borrowing Base
Certificate and if such computations have not been calculated in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, in
consultation with the Company, to correct any such errors in such manner as it
shall reasonably determine and the Administrative Agent will notify the Company
in writing promptly after making any such correction.  
 -13-  

Canadian Collateral  
shall mean all the  Collateral  (or equivalent term) as defined in each Canadian
Security Agreement and all other property (whether real, personal or otherwise)
with respect to which any security interests have been granted (or purported to
be granted) by any Canadian Credit Parties pursuant to any Canadian Security
Document.  
   Canadian Collection Account  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(iii) . 
   Canadian Credit Party  
shall mean the Canadian Borrowers and each Canadian Subsidiary Guarantor.  
    Canadian Dilution
Reserve   shall mean, at any date, (i) the amount (stated in percentage
terms) by which the consolidated Dilution Ratio of Eligible Canadian Accounts
exceeds five percent (5%) multiplied by (ii) the Eligible Canadian Accounts on
such date.  
   Canadian Dollars   and
  C$   shall mean the lawful currency of Canada.  
   Canadian Dominion Account  
shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.15(c)(i) .  
   Canadian Employee Benefits
Legislation   shall mean the  Pension Benefits Act  (Ontario) and any
regulations promulgated thereunder, and any Canadian federal, provincial or
local counterparts or equivalents.  
   Canadian Equipment
Component   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term
 Canadian Borrowing Base .  
   Canadian Fixed Asset
Amount   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term
 Canadian Borrowing Base .  
   Canadian Issuing Bank  
shall mean, as the context may require, (a) BANA (acting through its Canada
branch) or any Affiliates or branches of BANA with respect to Canadian Letters
of Credit issued by it; (b) any other Lender that may become an Issuing Bank
pursuant to Sections 2.13(i) and  2.13(k) , with respect to Canadian
Letters of Credit issued by such Lender; (c) with respect to any Existing Letter
of Credit set forth on Part A of  Schedule 1.01B , the Lender which is the
issuer of such Existing Letter of Credit; or (d) collectively, all of the
foregoing.  
   Canadian LC Credit
Extension   shall mean, with respect to any Canadian Letter of Credit, the
issuance, amendment or renewal thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof,
or the increase of the Stated Amount thereof.  
   Canadian LC Disbursement  
shall mean a payment or disbursement made by a Canadian Issuing Bank pursuant to
a Canadian Letter of Credit.  
 -14-  

Canadian LC Documents  
shall mean all documents, instruments and agreements delivered by a Canadian
Borrower or any other Person to a Canadian Issuing Bank or the Administrative
Agent in connection with any Canadian Letter of Credit.  
   Canadian LC Exposure  
shall mean at any time the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Stated Amount of all
outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit at such time  plus  (b) the
aggregate principal amount of all Canadian LC Disbursements that have not yet
been reimbursed at such time. The Canadian LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender
at any time shall mean its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate Canadian LC
Exposure at such time.  
   Canadian LC Obligations  
shall mean the sum (without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the
Canadian Borrowers in respect of any Canadian LC Disbursements (including any
bankers  acceptances or other payment obligations arising therefrom) and (b) the
Stated Amount of all outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit.  
   Canadian LC Sublimit   shall
mean $15,000,000.  
   Canadian Letter of
Credit   shall mean any letters of credit issued or to be issued by the
Canadian Issuing Bank under the Canadian Subfacility requested by a Canadian
Borrower, if any, pursuant to  Section 2.13 .  
   Canadian Line Cap   shall
mean, at any time, an amount that is equal to the lesser of (a) the Canadian
Revolving Commitments and (b) the Canadian Borrowing Base.  
   Canadian Parent Borrower  
shall have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto and shall include, any
successor thereto permitted under  Section 9.11 .  
   Canadian Pension Plan  
shall mean each pension, supplementary pension, retirement savings or other
retirement income plan or arrangement of any kind, registered or non-registered,
established, maintained or contributed to by the Company or another Canadian
Credit Party for its or any of its current or previous Affiliates  Canadian
employees or former employees and includes for greater certainty  target
benefit  and  multi- employer pension plans  as defined in the Pension Benefits
Act (Ontario) and all Ontario Pension Plans but shall not include the Canada
Pension Plan (CPP) as maintained by the government of Canada or the Quebec
Pension Plan (QPP) as maintained by the government of Quebec or similar plan
maintained by any other province in Canada.  
   Canadian Prime Loan  
shall mean a Canadian Revolving Loan to the Canadian Borrowers denominated in
Canadian Dollars which bears interest at a rate based upon the Canadian Prime
Rate.  
   Canadian Prime Rate  
shall mean, on any date, the per annum rate of interest equal to the greatest of
(a) the rate of interest in effect for such day or so designated from time to
time by BANA (acting through its Canada branch) as its  prime rate  for
commercial loans made by it in Canada in Canadian Dollars, such rate being a
reference rate and not necessarily representing the lowest or best rate being
charged to any customer; (b) the Bank of Canada Overnight Rate for such day,
 plus  0.50%; or (c) the Canadian B/A Rate for a one month interest period
as determined on such day  plus  1.00% . Any change in such rate announced
by BANA (acting through its Canada branch) shall take effect at the opening of
business on the day specified in the public announcement thereof.  
 -15-  

Canadian Priority
Payables   shall mean, at any time, with respect to the Canadian Borrowing
Base:    
 (a)     the amount due on or prior to the
date as of which the Canadian Borrowing Base is to be determined and remaining
unpaid at the time of determination by any Canadian Borrower (or any other
Person for which any Canadian Borrower has joint and several liability), for
which each Canadian Borrower has an obligation to remit to a Governmental
Authority or other Person pursuant to any applicable Requirement of Law, in
respect of (i) pension fund obligations including wind-up deficiencies on any
wind-up or termination of any Ontario Pension Plan and employee and employer
pension plan contributions (including  normal cost,   special payments  and any
other payments in respect of any funding deficiency or shortfall), (ii)
employment insurance, (iii) goods and services taxes, sales taxes, employee
income taxes, excise tax and other taxes payable or to be remitted or withheld,
(iv) workers  compensation, (v) wages, salaries, commission or compensation,
including vacation pay, and (vi) other like charges and demands; in each case in
respect of which any Governmental Authority or other Person may claim a security
interest, hypothecation, prior claim, trust or other claim or Lien ranking or
capable of ranking in priority to or equal in priority with one or more of the
Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents (a   Priority Lien   and
 
 (b)     the aggregate amount due on or
prior to the date as of which the Canadian Borrowing Base is to be determined
and remaining unpaid at the time of determination of any other liabilities of
the Canadian Borrowers (or any other Person for which the Canadian Borrowers
have joint and several liability) (i) in respect of which a trust has been or
may be imposed on Collateral of any Canadian Borrower to provide for payment or
(ii) which are secured by a security interest, hypothecation, prior claim,
pledge, charge, right, or claim or other Lien on any Collateral of any Canadian
Borrower, in each case pursuant to any applicable Requirement of Law and which
trust, security interest, hypothecation, prior claim, pledge, charge, right,
claim or other Lien ranks or is capable of ranking in priority to or equal in
priority with one or more of the Liens granted in the Security Documents. 
   Canadian Priority Payables
Reserve   shall mean, on any date of determination for the Canadian Borrowing
Base, a reserve established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in its
Permitted Discretion in an amount up to, but not in excess of, the amount of
Canadian Priority Payables set forth on the most recent Borrowing Base
Certificate (as the same may be reduced or increased by the next succeeding
Borrowing Base Certificate) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
 Section 8.15(a) .  
   Canadian Protective Advances  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.18 .  
   Canadian Real Estate
Component   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term
 Canadian Borrowing Base .  
   Canadian Restricted
Subsidiary   shall mean any Canadian Subsidiary that is a Restricted
Subsidiary.  
   Canadian Revolving
Borrowing   shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Canadian Revolving Loans.
 
   Canadian Revolving
Commitment   shall mean, with respect to each Canadian Revolving Lender, the
commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Canadian Revolving Loans hereunder up
to the amount set forth and opposite such Lender s name on  Schedule 2.01 
under the caption  Canadian Revolving Commitment,  or in the Assignment and Assumption
Agreement pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Canadian Revolving
Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time
pursuant to  Section 2.07 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time
pursuant to  Section   2.20  and (c) reduced or increased from time to
time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to  Section
12.04 . The aggregate amount of the Canadian Revolving Lenders  Canadian
Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date is $15,000,000.  
 -16-  

Canadian Revolving
Exposure   shall mean, with respect to any Canadian Revolving Lender at any
time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Canadian
Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such
Lender s Canadian LC Exposure, plus the aggregate amount of such Lender s
Canadian Swingline Exposure.  
   Canadian Revolving
Lender   shall mean any Lender under the Canadian Subfacility. Each Canadian
Revolving Lender (or any Affiliate or branch of any such Lender that is acting
on behalf of such Lender) that is not resident in Canada or is deemed not to be
resident in Canada for purposes of the ITA, shall be a financial institution
that deals at arm s length with the Canadian Borrowers for purposes of the ITA.
 
   Canadian Revolving Loans  
shall mean advances made to or at the instructions of a Canadian Borrower
pursuant to  Section 2.01(ii)  hereof under the Canadian Subfacility.  
   Canadian Revolving Note  
shall mean each revolving note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-2 
hereto.  
   Canadian Sanction Laws  
shall mean the Special Economic Measures Act of Canada and similar Requirements
of Law of Canada in respect to sanctioned persons. 
   Canadian Security
Agreements   shall mean, each of (i) the Canadian Security Agreement dated as
of the Closing Date, by and between the Collateral Agent and each of the
Canadian Credit Parties and (ii) the Deed of Hypothec governed by the laws of
the province of Quebec, dated on or after the Closing Date, by and between the
Collateral Agent and Tradin Organics USA LLC (the   Quebec Hypothec  ).
 
   Canadian Security
Documents   shall mean each Canadian Security Agreement and, after the
execution and delivery thereof, each Mortgage executed and delivered by any
Canadian Credit Party with respect to any Real Property of such Canadian Credit
Party and each other document executed and delivered by any Canadian Credit
Party pursuant to which a Lien is granted (or purported to be granted) in favor
of the Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations, and each document, if any,
executed and delivered by any Canadian Credit Party pursuant to the Additional
Account Security Actions.  
   Canadian Subfacility   shall
have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto.  
   Canadian Subsidiary  
shall mean any Subsidiary of the Company organized now or hereinafter under the
laws of Canada or a province or territory thereof.  
   Canadian Subsidiary
Guarantor   shall mean each Canadian Restricted Subsidiary (other than the
Canadian Borrowers) in existence on the Closing Date (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary), as well as each Canadian Restricted Subsidiary established, created
or acquired after the Closing Date which becomes a party to this Agreement as a
Guarantor in accordance with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.  
 -17-  

Canadian Swingline
Commitment   shall mean the commitment of the Canadian Swingline Lender to
make loans under the Canadian Subfacility pursuant to Section 2.12, as the same
may be reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.07 .  
   Canadian Swingline
Exposure   shall mean, at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such
time of all outstanding Canadian Swingline Loans. The Canadian Swingline
Exposure of any Canadian Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata
Percentage of the aggregate Canadian Swingline Exposure at such time.  
   Canadian Swingline
Lender   shall mean BANA (acting through its Canada branch) and its permitted
successors and permitted assigns.  
   Canadian Swingline Loan  
shall mean any Loan made by the Canadian Swingline Lender pursuant to  Section
2.12 .  
   Canadian Swingline Note  
shall mean each swingline note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-5 
hereto.  
   Capital Expenditures  
shall mean, for any period, the aggregate of, without duplication, (a) all
expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Company and
its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP,
are or are required to be included as additions during such period to property,
plant or equipment reflected in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) all Capitalized Software Expenditures and
Capitalized Research and Development Costs during such period and (c) all fixed
asset additions financed through Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred by the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries and recorded on the balance sheet in
accordance with GAAP during such period;  provided  that the term  Capital
Expenditures  shall not include, without duplication:  
 (i)     expenditures made in connection
with the replacement, substitution, restoration or repair of assets to the
extent financed from insurance proceeds or compensation awards paid on account
of a Casualty Event,  
 (ii)     the purchase price of equipment
that is purchased simultaneously with the trade in of existing equipment to the
extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit
granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at
such time,  
 (iii)     the purchase of property, plant
or equipment to the extent financed with the proceeds of Asset Sales or other
dispositions outside the ordinary course of business,  
 (iv)     rental expenses of the Company and
its Restricted Subsidiaries under operating leases for real or personal property
(including in connection with Sale-Leaseback Transactions),  
 (v)     expenditures that are accounted for
as capital expenditures by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and that
actually are paid for, or reimbursed, by a Person other than the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary and for which neither the Company nor any Restricted
Subsidiary has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or
indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such Person or any other Person
(whether before, during or after such period, it being understood, however, that
only the amount of expenditures actually provided or incurred by the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary in such period and not the amount required to be
provided or incurred in any future period shall constitute  Capital
Expenditures  in the applicable period),  
 -18-  

(vi)     the book value of any asset owned
by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary prior to or during such period to
the extent that such book value is included as a capital expenditure during such
period as a result of such Person reusing or beginning to reuse such asset
during such period without a corresponding expenditure actually having been made
in such period;  provided  that (x) any expenditure necessary in order to
permit such asset to be reused shall be included as a Capital Expenditure during
the period in which such expenditure actually is made and (y) such book value
shall have been included in Capital Expenditures when such asset was originally
acquired,  
 (vii)     any expenditures made as payments
of the consideration for a Permitted Acquisition (or Investments similar to
those made for a Permitted Acquisition) and any amounts recorded pursuant to
purchase accounting required under GAAP pertaining to Permitted Acquisitions (or
Investments similar to those made for a Permitted Acquisition),  
 (viii)     any capitalized interest expense
and internal costs reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment in the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries or
capitalized as Capitalized Software Expenditures and Capitalized Research and
Development Costs for such period, or  
 (ix)     any non-cash compensation or other
non-cash costs reflected as additions to property, plant and equipment,
Capitalized Software Expenditures and Capitalized Research and Development Costs
in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries.  
   Capital Stock   shall mean:
 
 (a)     in the case of a corporation,
corporate stock; 
 (b)     in the case of an association or
business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other
equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock;  
 (c)     in the case of a partnership or
limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general
or limited); and  
 (d)     any other interest or participation
that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses
of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person but excluding from all of
the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not
such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock.  
    Capitalized Lease
Obligation   shall mean, at the time any determination thereof is to be made,
the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such
time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance
sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP;
 provided ,  however , that any obligations relating to a lease that
was accounted for by the Company as an operating lease as of the Closing Date
and any similar lease entered into after the Closing Date shall be accounted for
as an operating lease and not a Capitalized Lease Obligation for all purposes
under this Agreement.  
   Capitalized Research and
Development Costs   shall mean, for any period, all research and development
costs that are, or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, reflected as
capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries.  
 -19-  

Capitalized Software
Expenditures   shall mean, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures
(whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or
internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with
GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries.  
   Cash Collateralize   shall
mean to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the applicable Administrative
Agent for deposit into the LC Collateral Account, for the benefit of the
applicable Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Banks and/or the
applicable Swingline Lenders (as applicable) and the Lenders under the
applicable Subfacility, cash as collateral for the LC Exposure, Obligations in
respect of Swingline Loans, or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in
respect of either thereof (as the context may require), in each case under the
applicable Subfacility, in accordance with  Section 2.13(j) .   Cash
Collateral   shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall
include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support.  
   Cash Dominion Period  
shall mean (a) each period beginning on a date when Total Excess Availability
shall have been less than the greater of (i) 10% of the Line Cap and (ii)
$20,000,000, in either case for five consecutive Business Days, and ending on
such date as Total Excess Availability shall have been at least equal to the
greater of (i) 10% of the Line Cap and (ii) $20,000,000 for a period of 30
consecutive calendar days or (b) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the
period that such Event of Default shall be continuing.  
    Cash Management
Agreement   shall mean any agreement entered into from time to time by the
Company or any of the Company s Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with cash
management services for collections, other Cash Management Services and for
operating, payroll and trust accounts of such Person, including automatic
clearing house services, controlled disbursement services, electronic funds
transfer services, information reporting services, lockbox services, stop
payment services and wire transfer services. 
   Cash Management Bank  
shall mean any Lender, any Agent or any Affiliate of the foregoing at the time
it provides any Cash Management Services or any Person that shall have become a
Lender, an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent at any time after it
has provided any Cash Management Services (including if such Cash Management
Services were provided on the Closing Date, the Closing Date).  
   Cash Management
Obligations   shall mean obligations owed by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary to any Cash Management Bank in respect of Cash Management Services.
 
   Cash Management Services  
shall mean (a) commercial credit cards, merchant card services, purchase or
debit cards, including non-card e-payables services, (b) treasury management
services (including controlled disbursement, overdraft ACH fund transfer
services, return items and interstate depository network services) and (c) any
other demand deposit or operating account relationships or other cash management
services, including any Cash Management Agreements.  
   Casualty Event   shall
mean any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any
equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to
replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property.  
   CCAA   shall mean the
 Companies  Creditors Arrangement Act  (Canada), as amended.  
 -20-  

CDOR   shall have the
meaning provided in the definition of the term  Eurocurrency Rate .  
   CERCLA   shall mean the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980,
as the same has been amended and may hereafter be amended from time to time, 42
U.S.C.   9601  et seq .  
   CFC   shall mean a
 controlled foreign corporation  within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code
that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the U.S. Parent Borrower.  
   Change of Control   shall
mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Closing Date:  
 (a)     the sale, lease, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions
(other than by merger, consolidation or amalgamation), of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any
Person other than a Credit Party;  
 (b)     the Company becomes aware of (by
way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or
group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the
Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any group acting for the
purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities (within the meaning of
Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), in a single transaction or in a
related series of transactions, by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation or
other business combination or purchase of beneficial ownership (within the
meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provision) of
more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the
Company;   or    
   (c)     the Company
ceasing to own 100% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock
of       the U.S. Parent
Borrower;     or    
 (   c     d  )        either       the U.S. Parent Borrower
      or
   the Dutch Parent Borrower ceasing to be a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of the Company.  
 Notwithstanding the preceding, a conversion of the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries from a limited partnership, corporation,
limited liability company or other form of entity to a limited partnership,
corporation, limited liability company or other form of entity or an exchange of
all of the outstanding Equity Interests in one form of entity for Equity
Interests for another form of entity shall not constitute a Change of Control,
so long as following such conversion or exchange the  persons  (as that term is
used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) who beneficially owned the Capital
Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transactions continue to
beneficially own in the aggregate more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such
entity and no  person,  beneficially owns more than 50% of the Voting Stock of
such entity.  
   Class   (a) when used with
respect to Lenders, shall refer to whether such Lender has a Loan, Protective
Advances or Commitment with respect to the U.S. Subfacility, the Canadian
Subfacility, the Dutch Subfacility or an Incremental FILO Facility, as
applicable, (b) when used with respect to Commitments, refers to whether such
Commitments are U.S. Revolving Commitments, Canadian Revolving Commitments,
Dutch Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Commitments under a particular
Subfacility or Commitments under any Incremental FILO Facility and (c) when used
with respect to Loans or a Borrowing, refers to whether such Loans, or the Loans
comprising such Borrowing, are Loans under the U.S. Subfacility, Loans under the
Canadian Subfacility, Loans under the Dutch Subfacility, Extended Revolving
Loans under a particular Subfacility, Loans under an Incremental FILO Facility or Protective Advances under the U.S. Subfacility, the
Canadian Subfacility or the Dutch Subfacility.  
 -21-  

Closing Date   shall mean
February 11, 2016.  
   Code   shall mean the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  
   Collateral   shall mean
(i) the  Collateral  as defined in the Security Agreements, (ii) all the
 Collateral  or  Pledged Assets  (or similar term) as defined in any other
Security Documents, (iii) Mortgaged Property and (iv) any other assets pledged
or in which a Lien is granted (or purported to be granted), in each case,
pursuant to any Security Document or is required to be granted in accordance
with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.  
   Collateral Access
Agreement   shall mean any landlord waiver, bailee letter or other agreement,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
between the Collateral Agent and any third party (including any landlord,
bailee, consignee, customs broker or other similar Person) in possession of any
Collateral or any landlord for any Real Property of any Borrower where any
Collateral is located.  
   Collateral Agent   shall
mean BANA, as collateral agent, and shall include any permitted successors and
permitted assigns.  
   Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement   shall mean, at any time, the requirement that:  
 (a)     the Collateral Agent shall have
received each Security Document required to be delivered on the Closing Date
pursuant to  Section 5.09  or, after the Closing Date, pursuant to
 Section 8.10  or  Section 8.11  at such time required by such section
to be delivered in each case, duly executed by each Credit Party thereto;  
 (b)     all Obligations shall have been
unconditionally guaranteed (the   Guarantees  ) by (i) each Wholly-Owned
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is a Domestic Subsidiary, a Canadian
Subsidiary, or a Dutch Subsidiary (other than in any such case, any such
Subsidiary that is (x) a Borrower or (y) an Excluded Subsidiary) and (ii) each
Borrower ( provided  that no Borrower shall provide a Guarantee with
respect to its own Obligations);  
 (c)     the Obligations and the Guarantees
shall have been secured pursuant to the Security Agreements by a security
interest in (i) all   the   Equity Interests of the
Borrowers (other than   Equity Interests of   the
Company   and any non-Voting Stock of the U.S. Parent
Borrower that is not held directly by a Credit Party  ) and (ii) all
Equity Interests (other than Excluded Assets) held directly by any Borrower or
any Subsidiary Guarantor in any Subsidiary (and, in each case, the Collateral
Agent shall have received certificates or other instruments representing all
such Equity Interests (if any), together with undated stock powers or other
instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank, if applicable);
 
 (d)     except to the extent otherwise
provided hereunder or under any Security Document, the Obligations and the
Guarantees shall have been secured by a perfected security interest in, and
pledges on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets of the Borrowers
and each Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment, investment property, Intellectual Property,
other general intangibles, owned (but not leased) real property and proceeds of
the foregoing), in each case, with the priority required by the relevant
Security Documents required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any
such security interests in the Collateral shall be subject to
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to the extent applicable;
   provided  that security interests in Real Property shall be limited to the
Mortgaged Properties;  
 -22-  

(e)     none of the Collateral shall be
subject to any Liens other than Liens permitted by  Section 9.01 ;  
 (f)     the Collateral Agent shall have
received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Material Real
Property required to be delivered pursuant to  Section 5.15  (if
applicable),  Section 8.10  and  Section 8.11  duly executed and
delivered by the record owner of such property and (ii) such other Related Real
Estate Documents with respect to each Material Real Property required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 5.15 (if applicable),  Section 8.03, 
 Section 8.10  and  Section 8.11 ;  provided  that, for Real
Property that is designated as located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, if after
use of commercially reasonable efforts, the applicable Credit Party is unable to
obtain evidence of flood insurance that is reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent or the U.S. Revolving Lenders required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 5.15, Section 8.03(b), Section 8.10 and Section 8.11, then
no Mortgage or Related Real Estate Documents shall be required to be delivered
with respect to such Real Property for which the evidence of flood insurance was
not acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the U.S. Revolving Lenders; and
 
 (g)     (i) except with respect to
intercompany Indebtedness, if any, if Indebtedness for borrowed money in a
principal amount in excess of $2,500,000 (individually) is owing to any Credit
Party and such Indebtedness is evidenced by a promissory note, the Collateral
Agent shall have received such promissory note, together with undated
instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank and (ii) with
respect to intercompany Indebtedness, all Indebtedness of the Company and each
of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is owing to any Credit Party (or Person
required to become a Credit Party) shall be evidenced by the Subordinated
Intercompany Note, and the Collateral Agent shall have received such
Subordinated Intercompany Note duly executed by the Company, each such
Restricted Subsidiary and each such other Credit Party, together with undated
instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank;  
 The foregoing definition shall not
require the creation or perfection of pledges of, or security interests in, or
the obtaining of title insurance or surveys with respect to, particular assets
if and for so long as the Administrative Agent and the Company agree in writing
that the cost of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in
such assets or obtaining title insurance or surveys in respect of such assets
shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Secured
Creditors therefrom.  
 The Administrative Agent and the
Collateral Agent may grant extensions of time for the provision or perfection of
security interests in, or the obtaining of title insurance and surveys with
respect to, particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing Date for
the perfection of security interests in the assets of the Credit Parties on such
date) where the Administrative Agent reasonably determines, in consultation with
the Company, that provision or perfection cannot be accomplished without undue
effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required
by this Agreement or the Security Documents.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to
the contrary (but without limiting (x) any requirement to take any Additional
Account Security Action set forth in the definition of the term  Eligible
Accounts  solely for the purpose of determining the eligibility of Accounts
originated by any Credit Party that are owed from Account Debtors located in any
Account Debtor Approved Country (other than the United States, Canada or the  
 -23-  

Netherlands) for inclusion in the applicable Borrowing Base or (y)
any requirement to take any Additional Inventory Security Action set forth in
the definition of the term  Eligible Inventory  solely for the purpose of
determining the eligibility of any Inventory owned by a Dutch Credit Party and
located in the United Kingdom, France or Germany for inclusion in the Dutch
Borrowing Base), (a) with respect to leases of Real Property entered into by any
Credit Party, such Credit Party shall not be required to take any action with
respect to creation or perfection of security interests with respect to such
leases (including requirements to deliver landlord lien waivers, estoppels and
collateral access letters without limiting the provisions set forth in the
definition of the term  Eligible Inventory ), (b) Liens required to be granted
from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be
subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in the Security Documents and,
to the extent appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction, as agreed between the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Company, (c) the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement shall not apply to any of the following assets: (i)
any fee-owned Real Property that is not a Material Real Property and any
leasehold interests in Real Property, (ii) any governmental licenses or state or
local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest
in any such licenses, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or
restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction)
after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment clauses of the UCC, PPSA
and other applicable Requirements of Law in the Netherlands, other than the
proceeds and products thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed
effective under the UCC, PPSA or any similar applicable Requirements of Law in
the Netherlands notwithstanding such prohibition, (iii) motor vehicles,
aircraft, aircraft engines and other assets and personal property subject to
certificates of title to the extent a Lien thereon cannot be perfected by the
filing of a UCC or PPSA financing statement or equivalent filing under other
similar Requirements of Law in the Netherlands, (iv) letter of credit rights
(except to the extent perfection can be accomplished through the filing of
UCC-1, PPSA or RDPRM financing statements or equivalent filing under other
similar the Requirements of Law in the Netherlands), (v) commercial tort claims
with an individual value of less than $2,500,000, (vi) assets and personal
property for which a pledge thereof or a security interest therein is prohibited
by applicable Requirements of Law (including any legally effective requirement
to obtain the consent of any Governmental Authority) after giving effect to the
applicable anti-assignment clauses of the UCC, PPSA and other applicable
Requirements of Law in the Netherlands, other than the proceeds and products
thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC,
PPSA or any similar applicable Requirements of Law in the Netherlands
notwithstanding such prohibition, (vii) any  margin stock  and Equity Interests
of any Person (other than any direct Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary of any
Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor) to the extent, and for so long as, the
pledge of such Equity Interests would be prohibited by the terms of any
applicable joint venture agreement or shareholders  agreement applicable to such
Person, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment clauses of the
UCC, PPSA and other applicable Requirements of Law, (viii) Equity Interests of
any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including Equity Interests of Opta Minerals Inc.)
and Equity Interests of Co peratie SunOpta U.A., (ix) any Equity Interests of
any CFC or FSHCO directly owned by any U.S. Credit Party that are voting Capital
Stock of such CFC or FSHCO in excess of 65% of the outstanding Equity Interests
that are voting Capital Stock of such CFC or FSHCO (including for the avoidance
of doubt, any instrument treated as Capital Stock for U.S. federal income tax
purposes), (x) assets and personal property to the extent a security interest in
such assets or personal property would result in material adverse tax
consequences as reasonably determined by the Company in consultation with the
Administrative Agent and notified in writing by the Company to the
Administrative Agent, (xi) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the
filing of a  Statement of Use  with respect thereto, (xii) any Contractual
Requirement, license or permit to which a Credit Party or any of their property
(including personal property) is subject, and any property subject to a purchase
money security interest, capital lease or similar arrangement with any Person
if, to the extent, and for so long as, the grant of a Lien t hereon to secure
the Obligations constitutes a breach of, a violation of, or a default under, or
invalidation of, or creates a right of termination in favor of any party (other
than any Borrower or Guarantor) to, such Contractual Requirement, license,
permit, purchase money arrangement, capital lease or similar arrangement (but only to the extent any of the foregoing is not
rendered ineffective by, or is otherwise unenforceable under, the UCC, PPSA or
any similar applicable Requirement of Law in the Netherlands), (xiii) any
Deposit Accounts described in clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of the term
 Excluded Accounts  and (xiv) any property or assets acquired after the Closing
Date (including any property acquired through any acquisition, consolidation,
amalgamation or merger of a Person, but excluding any assets or property
included in the Borrowing Base), if at the time of such acquisition, the
granting of a security interest therein or a pledge thereof is prohibited by any
Contractual Requirement to the extent and for so long as such Contractual
Requirement prohibits such security interest or pledge (the assets excluded
pursuant to this  clause (c)  and pursuant to the second preceding
paragraph of this definition, collectively, the   Excluded Assets    provided  that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Excluded
Assets shall not include any proceeds, replacements or substitutions of
Collateral (unless such proceeds, replacements or substitutions otherwise
constitute Excluded Assets), (d) control agreements shall not be required with
respect to any Deposit Accounts, securities accounts, futures accounts or
commodities accounts except to the extent set forth in  Section 8.15 , (e)
share certificates of Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not be required to be
delivered, (f) pledges over shares of Immaterial Subsidiaries owned by the Dutch
Credit Parties shall not be required to be delivered, (g) promissory notes
evidencing Indebtedness for borrowed money in a principal amount less than or
equal to $2,500,000 (individually) owing to any Credit Party shall not be
required to be delivered and (h) no actions shall be required to be taken
outside the United States, Canada and the Netherlands to (i) create a security
interest in assets titled or located outside of the United States, Canada and
the Netherlands or (ii) perfect or make enforceable any security interest in any
such assets, other than actions required to be taken in the United Kingdom
pursuant to  Section 8.15  to create and perfect or make enforceable any
security interest in the Dutch Collection Account or the Dutch Dominion Account.  

 -24-  

Collection Accounts  
shall mean, collectively, the U.S. Collection Accounts, the Canadian Collection
Accounts and the Dutch Collection Accounts.  
   Commitment   shall mean,
with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Revolving Commitment, LC Commitment or
Swingline Commitment, or any Extended Revolving Commitment.  
   Commitment Adjustment Date  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.20(a) .  
   Commodity Exchange Act  
shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.   1  et seq .), as amended
from time to time, and any successor statute.  
   Company   shall have the
meaning provided in the preamble hereto and shall include, if applicable, any
Successor Company.  
   Compliance Certificate  
shall mean a certificate of the Responsible Officer of the Company substantially
in the form of  Exhibit G  hereto or such other form as may be reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
   Consolidated Cash Interest
Expense   shall mean  Consolidated Interest Expense,  but calculated
excluding (i) any non-cash interest or deferred financing costs, (ii) any
amortization or write-down of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs
including original issue discount, discounted liabilities, commissions, fees and
expenses, (iii) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees,
(iv) penalties and interest related to Taxes, but including any cash costs
otherwise excluded by the definition thereof and (v) any capitalized interest or
payment in kind interest.  
   Consolidated Depreciation and
Amortization Expense   shall mean with respect to any Person for any period,
the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense of such Person,
including the amortization of intangible assets, deferred financing costs and
fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses of such Person and its
Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise
determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 -25-  

Consolidated EBITDA  
shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated Net
Income of such Person for such period  
 (1)     increased (without duplication) by
the following, in each case (other than clause (m)) to the extent deducted (and
not added back) in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period:  
 (a)     provision for taxes based on income
or profits or capital, including, without limitation, federal, state,
provincial, franchise, excise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes
(including any future taxes or other levies which replace or are intended to be
in lieu of such taxes and any penalties and interest related to such taxes or
arising from tax examinations) and the net tax expense associated with any
adjustments made pursuant to clauses (1) through (17) of the definition of the
term  Consolidated Net Income   plus   
 (b)     Indenture Fixed Charges of such
Person for such period (including (w) net losses on Hedging Agreements or other
derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate
risk, net of interest income and gains with respect to such obligations, (x)
bank fees and other financing fees, (y) costs of surety bonds in connection with
financing activities and (z) amounts excluded from Consolidated Interest Expense
as set forth in clauses (1)(v) through (z) in the definition thereof);
 plus   
 (c)     Consolidated Depreciation and
Amortization Expense of such Person for such period;  plus   
 (d)     the amount of any restructuring
charges, accruals or reserves, equity-based or non-cash compensation charges or
expenses including any such charges or expenses arising from grants of stock
appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock or other rights,
retention charges (including charges or expenses in respect of incentive plans),
start-up or initial costs for any project or new production line, division or
new line of business or other business optimization expenses or reserves
including, without limitation, costs or reserves associated with improvements to
IT and accounting functions, integration and facilities opening costs or any
one-time costs incurred in connection with acquisitions and Investments and
costs related to the closure and/or consolidation of facilities;  provided 
that the aggregate amount added pursuant to this clause (d), when taken together
with the aggregate amounts added pursuant to clause (m) below, for any Test
Period shall not exceed an amount equal to 20.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for such
Test Period prior to giving effect to any adjustments pursuant to this clause
(d) and clause (m) below;  plus   
 (e)     any other non-cash charges
(including (i) any write-offs or write-downs, (ii) losses on sales, disposals or
abandonment of, or any improvement charges or asset write off related to,
intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments in debt and equity
securities and (iii) all losses from investments) ( provided  that if any
such non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items
in any future period, (A) the Company may elect not to add back such non-cash
charge in the current period and (B) to the extent the Company elects to add
back such non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted
from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid
cash item that was paid in a prior period);  plus  
 -26-  

(f)     the amount of any non-controlling
or minority interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to
minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary;
 plus   
 (g)     any costs or expense incurred by
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or
stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement
or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such cost
or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the
Company or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interest of the Company
(other than Disqualified Stock);  plus   
 (h)     cash receipts (or any netting
arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing
Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent
non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of
Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (2) below for any previous period and not
added back;  plus   
 (i)     any net loss from disposed,
abandoned or discontinued operations;  plus   
 (j)     any (i) salary, benefit and other
direct savings resulting from workforce reductions by such Person implemented or
reasonably expected to be implemented within the 12 months following such
period, (ii) severance or relocation costs or expenses of such Person during
such period and (iii) costs and expenses incurred after the Closing Date related
to employment of terminated employees incurred by such Person during such
period;  plus   
 (k)     any proceeds from business
interruption, casualty or liability insurance received by such Person during
such period, to the extent the associated losses arising out of the event that
resulted in the payment of such business interruption insurance proceeds were
included in computing Consolidated Net Income;  plus   
 (l)     to the extent actually reimbursed
(and not otherwise included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income), expenses
incurred to the extent covered by indemnification provisions in any agreement in
connection with any acquisition or merger involving the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries;  plus   
 (m)     the amount of net cost savings and
synergies projected by the Company in good faith to be realized as a result of
specified actions taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been
taken (in the good faith determination of the Company) and which are expected to
be realized within 12 months of the date thereof in connection with the
Transactions, future acquisitions and cost saving, restructuring and other
similar initiatives (which cost savings shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA
until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost
savings had been realized during such period from such actions);  provided 
that such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable;
 provided  that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause
(m), when taken together with the aggregate amounts added pursuant to clause (d)
above, for any Test Period shall not exceed an amount equal to 20.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period prior to
giving effect to any adjustments pursuant to this clause (m) and clause (d)
above;  
 -27-  

(2)     decreased (without duplication) by
the following, in each case to the extent included in determining Consolidated
Net Income for such period:  
 (a)     non-cash gains increasing
Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, excluding any non-cash
gains to the extent they represent the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a
potential cash item that reduced Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period;
 plus   
 (b)     any non-cash gains with respect to
cash actually received in a prior period unless such cash did not increase
Consolidated EBITDA in such prior period;  plus   
 (c)     any net income from disposed or
discontinued operations.  
   Consolidated Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio   shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of
(a) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently completed on or prior
to such date of determination  minus  the sum of (i) the aggregate amount
of all Capital Expenditures made by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries
during such Test Period (other than Capital Expenditures to the extent financed
with net cash proceeds received by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries from issuances of Equity Interests, net cash proceeds received by
the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from dispositions or Casualty
Events, or net cash proceeds received by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries from the incurrence of long-term Indebtedness, but including
Capital Expenditures to the extent financed with proceeds of Loans)  plus 
(ii) the amount of all cash payments made during such Test Period made by
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of income taxes (net of cash
income tax refunds received during such Test Period) (excluding such cash
payments related to asset sales not in the ordinary course of business) to (b)
Consolidated Fixed Charges for such Test Period.  
   Consolidated Fixed
Charges   shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum determined on
a consolidated basis of (a) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense of the Company
and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the Test Period most recently completed on
or prior to such date of determination  plus  (b) the scheduled principal
payments made during such Test Period on all Indebtedness for borrowed money and
Capital Lease Obligations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other
than payments by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the
Company or to any other Restricted Subsidiary) due and payable in cash during
such Test Period  plus  (c) the aggregate amount of all regularly scheduled
Restricted Payments paid in cash by the Company with respect to its Equity
Interests during such Test Period and (except solely for purposes of calculating
the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio in connection with  Section
    9.11     9.12  ) all other Restricted Payments made
in cash during such period in reliance on  Section
9.03 (b) (ix) ,  Section 9.03   (b)   (x)  to the
extent such Restricted Payments are made in reliance of clause (c) of the
definition of the  Available Equity Amount Basket  or  Section
9.03 (b) (xi) .  
   Consolidated Interest
Expense   shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, without
duplication, the sum of:  
 (1)     consolidated interest expense in
respect of Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such
period, to the extent such expense was deducted (and not added back) in
computing Consolidated Net Income (including (a) amortization of original issue
discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, (b) all
commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters
of credit or bankers acceptances, (c) non-cash interest charges (but excluding any non-cash
interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark to market valuation of
Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments pursuant to GAAP), (d) the
interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, (e) net payments, if any,
made (less net payments, if any, received), pursuant to interest rate Hedging
Agreements with respect to Indebtedness, and excluding (v) any expense resulting
from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of
recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection
with any acquisition, (w) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (x) any
 additional interest  or  liquidated damages  with respect to other securities
for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (y)
amortization of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees
and expenses and discounted liabilities and (z) any accretion of accrued
interest on discounted liabilities);  plus   
 -28-  

(2)     consolidated capitalized interest
of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or
accrued;  less   
 (3)     interest income of such Person and
its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period.  
 For purposes of this definition,
interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an
interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest
implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. 
   Consolidated Net Income  
shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate of the Net
Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, on a
consolidated basis, and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP;
 provided  that, without duplication,  
 (1)     any net after-tax effect of
extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains, losses or charges (including all
fees and expenses relating thereto and including relating to any multi-year
strategic initiatives), including, without limitation, expenses incurred in
connection with the Transactions, any expenses relating to severance, relocation
costs, integration costs, transition costs, preopening, opening, consolidation
and closing costs for facilities, one-time compensation costs, signing,
retention and completion bonuses, costs incurred in connection with any
strategic initiatives, costs incurred in connection with acquisitions, other
business optimization expenses (including costs and expenses relating to
business optimization programs and new systems design, retention charges, system
establishment costs and implementation costs) and operating expenses
attributable to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives, restructuring
and duplicative running costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and
post-retirement employee benefit plans shall be excluded;  
 (2)     the cumulative effect of a change
in accounting principles and changes as a result of the adoption or modification
of accounting policies during such period shall be excluded;  
 (3)     any net after-tax effect of gains
or losses (less all fees, expenses and charges relating thereto) attributable to
asset dispositions or abandonments (including any disposal of abandoned or
discontinued operations) or the sale or other disposition of any Capital Stock
of any Person other than in the ordinary course of business as determined in
good faith by the Company shall be excluded;  
 (4)     the Net Income for such period of
any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Person that is not a
Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting shall be
excluded;  provided  that Consolidated Net Income of the Company shall be
increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are
actually paid in Investment Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted into Investment
Cash Equivalents) to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect
of such period and the net losses of any such Person shall only be included to
the extent funded with cash from the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 -29-  

(5)     effects of adjustments (including
the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries) in the inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory
valuation policy methods, including changes in capitalization of variances),
property and equipment, software, goodwill, other intangible assets, in-process
research and development, deferred revenue, debt line items and other noncash
charges in such Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP
resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable,
purchase accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or joint venture
investment or the amortization or write-off or write-down of any amounts
thereof, net of taxes, shall be excluded;  
 (6)     any net after-tax effect of income
(loss) from the early extinguishment or conversion of (a) Indebtedness, (b)
Hedging Obligations or (c) other derivative instruments shall be excluded;  
 (7)     any impairment charge or asset
write-off or write-down, including impairment charges or asset write-offs or
write-downs related to intangible assets, goodwill, long-lived assets,
investments in debt and equity securities and investments recorded using the
equity method or as a result of a change in law, in each case, pursuant to GAAP,
and the amortization of intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded;
 
 (8)     any non-cash compensation charge or
expense, including any such charge or expense arising from the grants of stock
appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock, profit
interests or other rights or equity or equity-based incentive programs
(  equity incentives  ) shall be excluded and any cash charges associated
with the equity incentives or other long-term incentive compensation plans,
rollover, acceleration, or payout of Equity Interests by management, other
employees or business partners of the Company, shall be excluded;  
 (9)     any fees, expenses or charges
incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in
connection with any acquisition, recapitalization, Investment, asset sale,
disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (including such fees,
expenses or charges related to any Indebtedness, the offering and issuance of
the Second Lien Notes and other securities and the syndication and incurrence of
any debt facilities or other financing arrangements (including, without
limitation, commercial paper facilities or indentures) providing for revolving
credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other long term indebtedness),
issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing transaction or amendment or
modification of any debt instrument (including any amendment or other
modification of this Agreement, the Second Lien Loan Agreement or the Second
Lien Notes Indenture) and including, in each case, any such transaction
consummated on or prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken
but not completed, and any charges or non-recurring merger costs incurred during
such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case whether or not
successful or consummated (including, for the avoidance of doubt the effects of
expensing all transaction related expenses in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 805,
Business Combinations), shall be excluded;  
 (10)     accruals and reserves that are
established or adjusted twelve months after the closing of any acquisition that
are so required to be established as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP or changes as a result of modifications of
accounting policies shall be excluded;  
 -30-  

(11)     any expenses, charges or losses to
the extent covered by insurance or indemnity and actually reimbursed, or, so
long as such Person has made a determination that there exists reasonable
evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer or
indemnifying party and only to the extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed
within 365 days of the date of the insurable or indemnifiable event (net of any
amount so added back in any prior period to the extent not so reimbursed within
the applicable 365-day period), shall be excluded;  
 (12)     any noncash compensation
expense resulting from the application of Accounting Standards Codification
Topic No. 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, shall be excluded;  
 (13)     any net unrealized gain or loss
(after any offset) resulting in such period from Hedging Obligations and the
application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 815 shall be excluded;
 
 (14)     any net unrealized gain or loss
(after any offset) resulting in such period from currency translation and
transaction gains or losses including those related to currency remeasurements
of Indebtedness (including any net loss or gain resulting from Hedging
Obligations for currency exchange risk) and any other monetary assets and
liabilities and any other foreign currency translation gains and losses, to the
extent such gain or losses are non-cash items, shall be excluded;  
 (15)     any adjustments resulting for the
application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 460, Guaranty, or any
comparable regulation, shall be excluded;  
 (16)     effects of adjustments to accruals
and reserves during a prior period relating to any change in the methodology of
calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks, shall be
excluded; and  
 (17)     earn-out and contingent
consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or
otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments, shall be
excluded. 
 In addition, to the extent not
already included in the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received
from business interruption insurance and reimbursements of any expenses and
charges that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in
connection with any acquisition, Investment or any sale, conveyance, transfer or
other disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement. 
   Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio   shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) all
Indebtedness of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries that is secured by a
Lien on any assets of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last
day of the Test Period most recently completed on or prior to such date of
determination  minus  Investment Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and
clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens) included on the consolidated
balance sheet of the Company as of the end of such Test Period to (b)
Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test
Period, in each case (i) with such pro forma adjustments to Investment Cash
Equivalents and Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) giving pro forma effect to the
incurrence of any Indebtedness that is incurred at the time of or in
connection with the event giving rise to the measurement of the Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio.  
 -31-  

Consolidated Total
Assets   shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total assets of the
Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Company
or such other Person as of the last day of the Test Period most recently
completed on or prior to such date of determination.  
   Contingent Obligation  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person
guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness (  primary   obligations  ) of any other Person (the
  primary obligor  ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly,
including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not
contingent: (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property
constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply
funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to
maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise
to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or (c) to purchase
property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner
of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make
payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. The amount
of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated
or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such
Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is
required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith.  
   Contract Period   shall
mean the term of any B/A Equivalent Loan which shall be of one, two, three or
six months, as selected by the applicable Canadian Borrower in accordance with
 Section 2.03  or  Section 2.08 , (i) initially, commencing on the
date of such B/A Equivalent Loan and (ii) thereafter, commencing on the day on
which the immediately preceding Contract Period expires;  provided  that
(a) if a Contract Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business
Day, such Contract Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day
unless no further Business Day occurs in such month, in which case such Contract
Period shall expire on the immediately preceding Business Day; (b) any Contract
Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for
which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end
of such Contract Period) shall, subject to clause (c) of this definition, end on
the last Business Day of a calendar month; and (c) no Contract Period with
respect to any portion of a B/A Equivalent Loan shall extend beyond the Maturity
Date.  
   Contractual Obligation   shall
mean an obligation under any Contractual Requirement.  
   Contractual Requirement   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 7.03 .  
   Corrective Extension
Amendment   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(e) .  
   Cost   shall mean, with
respect to any Inventory or Equipment, the cost of purchase of such Inventory or
Equipment determined according to accounting policies used in the preparation of
the Company s Section 8.01 Financials and valued on a first in, first out basis.
 
   Co-Syndication Agents  
shall mean Rabobank Nederland, Canadian Branch and Bank of Montreal, in their
respective capacities as co-syndication agents, as applicable, under this
Agreement.  
   Credit Documents   shall
mean this Agreement and, after the execution and delivery thereof pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, each Note, each Security Document, any
intercreditor agreement contemplated by this Agreement (including the Intercreditor
Agreement), each Incremental Revolving Commitment Agreement and each Extension
Agreement.  
 -32-  

Credit Event   shall mean the
making of any Loan, including any Swingline Loan.  
   Credit Extension   shall
mean, as the context may require, (i) a Credit Event or (ii) a LC Credit
Extension;  provided  that  Credit Extensions  shall not include
conversions and continuations of outstanding Loans.  
   Credit Parties   shall
mean the U.S. Credit Parties, the Canadian Credit Parties and the Dutch Credit
Parties, as the context requires.  
   Credit Party Guarantee  
shall mean the guarantee of each Credit Party pursuant to  Section 13 .
 
   CRR   shall mean (a) Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and (b)
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms.  
   Data Protection
Directive   shall mean Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to
the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.  
    Debtor Relief Laws  
shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, BIA, CCAA and WURA and any
other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization,
or similar debtor relief laws of the United States, Canada, the Netherlands or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the
rights of creditors generally.  
   Default   shall mean any
event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute an Event of Default.  
   Defaulting Lender   shall
mean any Lender that (a) has failed to comply with its funding obligations
hereunder, and such failure is not cured within two Business Days; (b) has
notified the Administrative Agent or any Borrower that such Lender does not
intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or under any other
credit facility, or has made a public statement to that effect; (c) has failed,
within three Business Days following request by the Administrative Agent or any
Borrower, to confirm in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and Company that such Lender will comply with its funding obligations
hereunder; or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i)
become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, (ii) had appointed for it a
receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the
benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or
liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or any other state, provincial, federal or foreign regulatory
authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In
Action;  provided ,  however , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting
Lender solely by virtue of a Governmental Authority s ownership of an Equity
Interest in such Lender or parent company unless the ownership provides immunity
for such Lender from jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from
enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets, or permits such
Lender or Governmental Authority to repudiate or otherwise to reject such
Lender s agreements.  
 -33-  

Deposit Account Control
Agreement   shall mean a Deposit Account blocked control agreement to be
executed by each institution maintaining a Deposit Account (other than an
Excluded Account) for a Borrower or any other Credit Party, in each case as
required by, and in accordance with the terms of,  Section 8.15  and in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
   Designated Jurisdiction  
shall mean any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory
itself is the subject of comprehensive country- or territory-wide Sanctions.
 
   Designated Non-Cash
Consideration   shall mean the Fair Market Value, as set forth in an
officer s certificate of a Responsible Officer, of non-cash consideration
received by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with
an Asset Sale, less the amount of Investment Cash Equivalents received in
connection with a subsequent sale, redemption or repurchase of or collection or
payment on such Designated Non-Cash Consideration;  provided    that
such disposition is in compliance with  Section 9.02 .  
   Designated Preferred
Stock   shall mean Preferred Stock of the Company or any direct or indirect
parent company thereof (in each case other than Disqualified Stock) that is
issued for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock
ownership plan or trust established by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries)
and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an officer s
certificate executed by Responsible Officer of the Company or the applicable
parent company thereof, as the case may be, on the issuance date thereof.  
   Dilution Factors   shall
mean, without duplication, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of
all bad debt write-downs, discounts, credits, returns, rebates, and other
dilutive items.  
   Dilution Ratio   shall
mean, at any date, as to the Accounts owned by any Person, the amount (expressed
as a percentage) that is the result of dividing (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the
applicable Dilution Factors for the twelve most recently ended fiscal months
with respect to such Person s Accounts, by (b) the Dollar Equivalent of such
Person s total gross sales with respect to their Accounts for the twelve most
recently ended fiscal months.  
   Dilution Reserve   shall
mean, (i) in the case of the Canadian Borrowing Base, the Canadian Dilution
Reserve, (ii) in the case of the U.S. Borrowing Base, the U.S. Dilution Reserve
and (iii) in the case of the Dutch Borrowing Base, the Dutch Dilution Reserve.
 
   Disqualified Stock   shall
mean, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its
terms, or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which
it is puttable or exchangeable, or upon the happening of any event, matures or
is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely as a result of a change of control
or asset sale) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is
redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely as a result of
a change of control or asset sale), in whole or in part, in each case prior to
the date 91 days after the earlier of the Maturity Date or the date the
Obligations are paid in full;  provided , that if such Capital Stock is
issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not
constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be
repurchased by the Company or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable
statutory or regulatory obligations;  provided ,  further , that any
Capital Stock held by any future, current or former employee, director, officer,
manager or consultant of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other
entity in which the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary has an Investment and is
designated in good faith as an  affiliate  by the board of directors of the
Company (or the compensation committee thereof), in each case pursuant to any
stock subscription or shareholders  agreement, management equity plan or stock
option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement shall
not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Company or its
Subsidiaries or in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory
obligations.  
 -34-  

Distribution Conditions  
shall mean, with respect to any Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt
Prepayment, the following:  
 (i)     as of the date of any such
Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment, and after giving effect
thereto, no Event of Default shall exist or have occurred and be continuing,
 
 (ii)     as of the date of any such
Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment, and after giving effect
thereto, the Total Excess Availability on such date, and during the immediately
preceding 30 consecutive day period (assuming such Restricted Payment or
Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment occurred on the first day of such 30
consecutive day period) shall have been not less than the greater of (x) 15.0%
of the Line Cap and (y) $30,000,000,  
 (iii)     the Consolidated Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis for such Restricted Payment or
Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment, as the case may be, shall be no less than 1.0
to 1.0;  provided  that this clause (iii) shall not apply if, as of the
date of any such Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment, and
after giving effect thereto, the Total Excess Availability on such date, and
during the immediately preceding 30 consecutive day period (assuming such
Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment occurred on the first
day of such 30 consecutive day period) shall have been not less than the greater
of (x) 20.0% of the Line Cap and (y) $40,000,000, and  
 (iv)     for any Restricted Payment and/or
Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment exceeding $15,000,000 in the aggregate, the
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer
of the Company certifying as to compliance with the preceding clauses (other
than with respect to the portion of any 30 consecutive day period prior to the
date of such Restricted Payment and/or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment that
has not occurred as of the date such certificate is delivered) and demonstrating
(in reasonable detail) the calculations required thereby, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, not less than two (2)
Business Days prior to the date of such Restricted Payment and/or Restricted
Junior Debt Prepayment (or such shorter period as may be agreed upon in writing
by the Administrative Agent).  
   DMLTFPA   shall mean the
Dutch Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing Prevention Act ( Wet ter
voorkoming van witwassen en financieren van terrorisme ). 
   Documentation Agent  
shall mean JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as documentation agent
under this Agreement.  
   Dodd-Frank and Basel III  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 3.01(d) .  
   Dollar Equivalent   shall
mean, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such
amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any other currency,
the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined at such time on the basis
of the Spot Rate for the purchase of Dollars with such currency at such
time. 
 -35-  

Domestic Restricted
Subsidiary   shall mean any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Restricted
Subsidiary.  
   Domestic Subsidiary  
shall mean any Subsidiary of the Company organized under the laws of the United
States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.  
   Dominion Account   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(i) .  
   Dutch Administrative
Agent   shall have the meaning provided in the preamble hereto and any
successor thereto appointed pursuant to  Section 11.09 .  
   Dutch Borrowers   shall
mean the Dutch Parent Borrower and each Dutch Subsidiary of the Company that
executes a counterpart hereto and to any other applicable Credit Document to
become a Borrower, whether on the Closing Date or after the Closing Date in
accordance with  Section 2.21 .  
   Dutch Borrowing Base  
shall mean, at the time of any determination, an amount equal to the sum of the
Dollar Equivalent, without duplication, of  
 (a)     (I) 85% of the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of Eligible Dutch Accounts of the Dutch Borrowers (other
than Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts) at such time
 plus  (II) 90% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Insured
and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts of the Dutch Borrowers at such time;
 plus   
 (b)     the lesser of (i) 70% of the lesser
of the Cost or Fair Market Value of Eligible Dutch Inventory at such time and
(ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible Dutch Inventory at
such time;  plus   
 (c)     if a Borrowing Base Reallocation
Notice is delivered by the Company, a portion of the positive amount, if any, by
which the Canadian Borrowing Base and the U.S. Borrowing Base exceed the total
Canadian Revolving Exposure and/or U.S. Revolving Exposure of all Lenders on the
date of such delivery, may be reallocated to the Dutch Borrowing Base (subject
to the North American Minimum Requirement);  provided  that a Borrowing
Base Reallocation Notice may only be delivered once in any calendar month, and
shall set forth the requested reallocation of available Borrowing Base among
Subfacilities, and which reallocation shall become effective upon confirmation
by the Administrative Agent that such reallocation would not cause the Revolving
Exposure under any Subfacility to exceed the Borrowing Base for the applicable
Subfacility, and which reallocation shall remain effective thereafter until such
time, if any, as a new Borrowing Base Reallocation Notice is received and has
become effective;  minus   
 (d)     the portion of the Dutch Borrowing
Base, if any, that is reallocated to the Canadian Borrowing Base and/or U.S.
Borrowing Base pursuant to clause  
 (e)     of each of the definitions of
Canadian Borrowing Base and U.S. Borrowing Base;  minus  (e) any Reserves
established or modified from time to time by the Administrative Agent in with
the exercise of its Permitted Discretion in accordance with the provisions of
 Section 2.22 ;  
 The Dutch Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by
reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 8.15(a) , adjusted as necessary
(pending the delivery of a new Borrowing Base Certificate) to reflect the impact
of any Significant Asset Sale or the acquisition of any assets in a Permitted
Acquisition or similar Investment (or any event or circumstance which, pursuant to the eligibility rules set forth
in the definitions of Eligible Account, Eligible Inventory or Eligible Insured
and Letter of Credit Backed Accounts, renders any such Account or Inventory
eligible or ineligible for inclusion in the Dutch Borrowing Base after delivery
of the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate). The Administrative Agent shall
have the right (but no obligation) to review the computations in any Borrowing
Base Certificate and if such computations have not been calculated in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right,
in consultation with the Company, to correct any such errors in such manner as
it shall reasonably determine and the Administrative Agent will notify the
Company in writing promptly after making any such correction.  
 -36-  

Dutch Collateral   shall
mean all the  Collateral  (or equivalent term) as defined in each Dutch Security
Agreement and all other property (whether real, personal or otherwise) with
respect to which any security interests have been granted (or purported to be
granted) by any Dutch Credit Parties pursuant to any Dutch Security Document.
 
   Dutch Collection Account  
shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.15(c)(iv) . 
   Dutch Credit Party   shall
mean the Dutch Borrowers and each Dutch Subsidiary Guarantor.  
   Dutch Dilution Reserve   shall
mean, at any date, (i) the amount by which the consolidated Dilution Ratio of
Eligible Dutch Accounts exceeds five percent (5%) multiplied by (ii) the
Eligible Dutch Accounts on such date.  
   Dutch Dominion Account   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(i) .  
   Dutch Issuing Bank   shall
mean, as the context may require, (a) BANA (acting through its London branch) or
any Affiliates or branches of BANA with respect to Dutch Letters of Credit
issued by it; (b) any other Lender that may become an Issuing Bank pursuant to
 Sections 2.13(i)  and  2.13(k) , with respect to Dutch Letters of
Credit issued by such Lender; (c) with respect to any Existing Letter of Credit
set forth on Part B of Schedule 1.01B, the Lender which is the issuer of such
Existing Letter of Credit; or (d) collectively, all of the foregoing.  
   Dutch Labour Standards
Acts   shall mean, collectively, (i) the Dutch Minimum Wage and Minimum
Holiday Allowance Act ( Wet minimumloon en minimumvakantiebijslag ), (ii)
the Dutch Equal Treatment Act ( Algemene wet gelijke behandeling ), (iii)
the Dutch Working Hours Act ( Arbeidstijdenwet ) and (iv) the Dutch Working
Conditions Act ( Arbeidsomstandighedenwet ).  
   Dutch LC Credit
Extension   shall mean, with respect to any Dutch Letter of Credit, the
issuance, amendment or renewal thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof,
or the increase of the Stated Amount thereof.  
   Dutch LC Disbursement  
shall mean a payment or disbursement made by the Dutch Issuing Bank pursuant to
a Dutch Letter of Credit.  
   Dutch LC Documents   shall
mean all documents, instruments and agreements delivered by a Dutch Borrower or
any other Person to a Dutch Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent in
connection with any Dutch Letter of Credit.  
   Dutch LC Exposure   shall
mean at any time the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Stated Amount of all
outstanding Dutch Letters of Credit at such time  plus  (b) the aggregate
principal amount of all Dutch LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed
at such time. The Dutch LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean its Pro Rata
Percentage of the aggregate Dutch LC Exposure at such time.  
 -37-  

Dutch LC Obligations  
shall mean the sum (without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the Dutch
Borrowers in respect of any Dutch LC Disbursements (including any bankers 
acceptances or other payment obligations arising therefrom) and (b) the Stated
Amount of all outstanding Dutch Letters of Credit.  
   Dutch LC Sublimit   shall mean
$20,000,000.  
   Dutch Letter of Credit  
shall mean any letters of credit issued or to be issued by the Dutch Issuing
Bank under the Dutch Subfacility requested by a Dutch Borrower pursuant to
 Section 2.13 .  
   Dutch Line Cap   shall
mean, at any time, an amount that is equal to the lesser of (a) the Dutch
Revolving Commitments and (b) the Dutch Borrowing Base.  
   Dutch Parent Borrower  
shall have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto and shall include any
successor thereto permitted under  Section 9.11 .  
   Dutch Parent Borrower
Disposition   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.07(c).   
   Dutch Pension Plan   shall mean
the pension plan applicable to each Dutch Credit Party.  
   Dutch Pension Regulations  
shall mean the Dutch pension act ( pensioenwet ). 
   Dutch Pledges Over Shares  
shall have the meaning provided to such term in  Section 5.09 .  
   Dutch Protective Advance  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.18 .  
   Dutch Restricted
Subsidiary   shall mean any Dutch Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary.
 
   Dutch Revolving Borrowing  
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Dutch Revolving Loans.  
   Dutch Revolving Commitment  
shall mean, with respect to each Dutch Revolving Lender, the commitment, if any,
of such Lender to make Dutch Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set
forth and opposite such Lender s name on  Schedule 2.01  under the caption
 Dutch Revolving Commitment,  or in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement
pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Dutch Revolving Commitment, as
applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to
 Section 2.07 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to
 Section 2.20  and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to
assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to  Section 12.04 . The aggregate
amount of the Dutch Revolving Lenders  Dutch Revolving Commitments on the
Closing Date is $75,000,000.  
   Dutch Revolving Exposure  
shall mean, with respect to any Dutch Revolving Lender at any time, the
aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Dutch Revolving Loans
of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s Dutch LC
Exposure, plus the aggregate amount of such Lender s Dutch Swingline Exposure.
 
   Dutch Revolving Lender   shall
mean any Lender under the Dutch Subfacility. 
   Dutch Revolving Loans  
shall mean advances made to or at the instructions of a Dutch Borrower pursuant
to  Section 2.01(iii)  hereof under the Dutch Subfacility.  
 -38-  

Dutch Revolving Note  
shall mean each revolving note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-3 
hereto.  
   Dutch Security
Agreements   shall mean (i) the Deed of Pledge Over Shares in Crown of
Holland B.V. and Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V., dated as of the Closing Date,
by and between the Collateral Agent and each of the Dutch Credit Parties party
thereto,(ii) the Deed of Pledge Over Shares in The Organic Corporation B.V., by
and between the Collateral Agent and each of the Dutch Credit Parties party
thereto, (iii) the Deed of Pledge Over 65% of the Shares in Trabocca B.V., dated
as of the Closing Date, by and between the Collateral Agent and each of the
Dutch Credit Parties party thereto, (iv) the Deed of Omnibus Pledge, dated as of
the Closing Date, by and between the Collateral Agent and each of the Dutch
Credit Parties, and (v) Deed of Pledge Over Bank Accounts dated as of the
Closing Date, by and between the Collateral Agent and each of the Dutch Credit
Parties party thereto, which in each case shall be governed by the laws of the
Netherlands.  
   Dutch Security Documents  
shall mean the Dutch Security Agreements, and, after the execution and delivery
thereof, each other document executed and delivered by any Dutch Credit Party
pursuant to which a Lien is granted (or purported to be granted) in favor of the
Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations, each document, if any, executed and
delivered by any Dutch Credit Party pursuant to the Additional Inventory
Security Actions and each document, if any, executed and delivered by any Dutch
Credit Party pursuant to the Additional Account Security Actions.  
   Dutch Subfacility   shall have
the meaning provided in the recitals hereto.  
   Dutch Subsidiary   shall
mean any Subsidiary of the Company incorporated now or hereinafter under the
laws of The Netherlands.  
   Dutch Subsidiary
Guarantor   shall mean each Dutch Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Dutch
Borrowers) in existence on the Closing Date (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary), as well as each Dutch Restricted Subsidiary established, created or
acquired after the Closing Date which becomes a party to this Agreement as a
Guarantor in accordance with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement.  
   Dutch Swingline
Commitment   shall mean the commitment of the Dutch Swingline Lender to make
loans under the Dutch Subfacility pursuant to  Section 2.12 , as the same
may be reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.07 .  
   Dutch Swingline Exposure  
shall mean, at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all
outstanding Dutch Swingline Loans. The Dutch Swingline Exposure of any Dutch
Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the
aggregate Dutch Swingline Exposure at such time.  
   Dutch Swingline Lender  
shall mean BANA (acting through its London branch), its permitted successors and
permitted assigns.  
   Dutch Swingline Loan  
shall mean any Loan made by the Dutch Swingline Lender pursuant to  Section
2.12 .  
   Dutch Swingline Note  
shall mean each swingline note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-6 
hereto.  
 -39-  

Dutch Works Council Act  
shall mean the Netherlands Works Council Act ( Wet op de
ondernemingsraden ).  
   Dutch Works Council Act
Event   shall mean any breach of any of the obligations of any Dutch Credit
Party arising from, pursuant to or in relation to the provisions of the Dutch
Works Council Act.  
   EEA Financial
Institution   shall mean (i) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an
EEA Resolution Authority, (ii) any Person established in an EEA Member Country
that is a parent of an institution described in clause (i) of this definition,
or (iii) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is
a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (i) or (ii) of this
definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent;  
   EEA Member Country   shall
mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and
Norway.  
   EEA Resolution Authority  
shall mean any Governmental Authority of any EEA Member Country having
responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.  
   Electronic Platform  
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Spot Rate .
  Eligible Account   shall mean, at any time, an Account created by a
Borrower in the ordinary course of its business, that arise out of its sale of
goods (other than promotional products not held for sale) or rendition of
services:  
 (a)     that is subject to a perfected (or
the equivalent) first priority Lien, in accordance with the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement only, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (b)     that is not subject to any Lien
other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents, and (ii) a Lien
(if any) permitted by  Section 9.01  which Permitted Lien shall rank junior
in priority to the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (c)     that (i) is evidenced by an invoice
or other documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (or
in a form required by any Account Debtor so long as such form is reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and which has been sent to the
Account Debtor (which may include electronic transmission) and (ii) does not
represent a progress billing, sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale,
sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment, cash-on-delivery or any other
repurchase or return basis;  
 (d)     the Account Debtor of which is an
Eligible Account Debtor and is not an Affiliate of any Borrower;  
 (e)     that is not owing from an Account
Debtor that is an agency, department or instrumentality of the federal
government of the United States, any government of any state thereof, of the
federal government of Canada, or the government of any province, territory or
subdivision thereof or, to the extent applicable and subject to Requirement of
Law having similar effect to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940 or the
Financial Administration Act (Canada), that is an agency, department or
instrumentality of the government of any country other than the United States or
Canada unless (A) the applicable Borrower shall have satisfied the requirements
of (x) the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940 in the case of
Accounts owing from any agency, department or instrumentality of the federal
government of the United States, (y) the Financial Administration Act (Canada)
in the case of Accounts owing from an agency, department or instrumentality of
the federal government of Canada or (z) if applicable, any similar state,
provincial, territorial, or subdivision legislation or any similar foreign
legislation, in the case of Accounts owing from any other applicable government
agency, department or instrumentality; and, in each such case, the
Administrative Agent is satisfied as to the absence of setoffs, counterclaims
and other defenses on the part of such Account Debtor;  
 -40-  

(f)     that is not subject to any late
payment for longer than 60 days according to its original terms of sale or 90
days after the date of the original invoice therefor;  
 (g)     that is not the obligation of an
Account Debtor (other than an individual) of which 50% or more of the Dollar
Equivalent amount of all Accounts owing by such Account Debtor are, based on the
most recent Borrowing Base Certificate, ineligible under the criteria set forth
in clause (f) above;  
 (h)     that is not subject to any
deduction, offset, counterclaim, defense or dispute (other than (i) sales
discounts given in the ordinary course of the applicable Borrower s business and
reflected in the amount of such Account as set forth in the invoice or other
supporting material therefor or (ii) an offset or counterclaim of a nature
specifically addressed in the determination of the applicable Borrowing Base);
 provided ,  however , that if an Account satisfies all of the
requirements of an Eligible Account other than this clause (h), such Account
shall be an Eligible Account, but only to the extent of the amount of such
Account that exceeds any such deduction, offset, counterclaim, defense or
dispute or other conditions;  provided  that, if the Administrative Agent
in its Permitted Discretion has established an appropriate Reserve and
determines to include such Account as an Eligible Account or such Account Debtor
has entered into an agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent
to waive such rights, such Account shall be included as an Eligible Account.
 
 (i)     that is denominated and payable
only in Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs;  
 (j)     such Account is not a true and
correct statement of  bona fide  indebtedness incurred in the amount of the
Account for merchandise sold to or services rendered and accepted by the
applicable Account Debtor;  
 (k)     that, together with the contract
evidencing such Account, does not contravene in any material respect any
Requirement of Law applicable thereto (including, without limitation,
Requirement of Law relating to usury, consumer protection, truth in lending,
fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt
collection practices and privacy) in a manner that would affect the
enforceability of such Account and with respect to which none of the Borrowers
or the Account Debtor is in violation of any such Requirement of Law in any
material respect in a manner that would affect the enforceability of such
Account;  
 (l)     that arises under a contract which
restricts in a legally enforceable manner the ability of the Administrative
Agent, Collateral Agent or Lenders to exercise their rights under the Credit
Documents, including, without limitation, their right to review the related
invoice or the payment terms of such contract;  
 -41-  

(m)     in the case of an Account
originated by a Canadian Borrower, the Account Debtor of which has a billing
address in Canada and that was not issued for an amount in excess of the Fair
Market Value of the merchandise or services provided by the Canadian Borrower to
which the Account relates;  
 (n)     that, when aggregated with all
other Accounts of the same Account Debtor, is not in excess of 15.0% (but the
portion of the Accounts not in excess of such concentration limit shall not be
deemed ineligible due to this clause (n));  
 (o)     that, during any Cash Dominion
Period, and solely with respect to Account Debtors in Account Debtor Approved
Countries other than (x) the United States, the Netherlands, and Canada and (y)
such other Account Debtor Approved Countries in which the Additional Account
Security Actions have been satisfied with respect thereto, does not, when taken
together with the Accounts originated by applicable Borrowers owed by Account
Debtors in all such jurisdictions, comprise more than 33% of all Eligible
Accounts included in the Borrowing Base for any particular Subfacility (it being
understood the portion of such Accounts not in excess of such limit shall not be
deemed ineligible due to this clause (o));  
 (p)     that Accounts are not subject to,
or included or expected to be included, as part of an accounts receivable
factoring program or supply chain financing program; and  
 (q)     (i) the Account Debtor obligated
upon such Account has not notified any Borrower or the Administrative Agent that
it has suspended business, or made a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or has failed to pay its debts generally as they come due, and (ii) no
petition is filed by or against the Account Debtor obligated upon such Account
under any Debtor Relief Law.  
 With respect to any Accounts
eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base (as reasonably determined by the
Company in consultation with the Administrative Agent) that are acquired by a
Borrower (other than from another Borrower, but including any Accounts of any
Person that has become a Borrower) after the Closing Date in a Permitted
Acquisition or similar Investment, such acquired Accounts may be included in the
applicable Borrowing Base from and after the acquisition thereof without the
Administrative Agent having completed a Field Examination with respect thereto,
so long as (i) all acquired Accounts included in the applicable Borrowing Base
for which an Appraisal and/or Field Examination, as applicable, with respect
thereto has not been completed by the Administrative Agent does not represent
more than 10% of the applicable Borrowing Base (when taken together with any
Inventory included in the Borrowing Base pursuant to the last paragraph of the
definition of the term  Eligible Inventory ) and (ii) the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement shall be satisfied with respect to the applicable Borrower
or Guarantor or such Accounts. With respect to any Accounts of the type eligible
for inclusion in the Borrowing Base that are acquired by a Borrower (other than
from another Borrower, but including any Accounts of any Person that has become
a Borrower) after the Closing Date in a Permitted Acquisition or similar
Investment and not otherwise included in the Borrowing Base by virtue of the
provisions of the preceding sentence, such acquired Accounts shall be included
in the applicable Borrowing Base only after completion of a Field Examination
with respect thereto by the Administrative Agent, unless the Administrative
Agent shall have determined in its discretion that no such due diligence
investigation with regard to such Accounts is required.  
   Eligible Account Debtor   shall
mean an Account Debtor that: 
 (i)     has a billing address in an Account
Debtor Approved Country; 
 -42-  

(ii)     is not a Person with respect to
which the European Union, the United States, Canada, the Netherlands or any
other Account Debtor Approved Country shall have imposed Sanctions;  
 (iii)     is not a Person (A) that is
listed in the annex to, or otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive
Order, (B) that is owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any
Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions
of, the Executive Order, (C) with which a Lender or a Borrower is prohibited
from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Law,
AML Legislation, PCMLTFA or DMLTFPA, (D) that commits, threatens or conspires to
commit or supports  terrorism  as defined in the Executive Order, or (E) that is
named as a  specifically designated national and blocked person  on the most
current list published by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets
Control at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement
official publication of such list or any similar lists published in the European
Union, Canada (that include  designated persons ,  politically exposed foreign
person  or  terrorist group  as described in Anti-Terrorism Laws of Canada,
collectively,   Canadian Blocked Persons  ) or any other Account Debtor
Approved Country; and  
 (iv)     is not a Person (A) whose property
or interest in property is otherwise blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to
Section 1 of the Executive Order or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, or (B) that
engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of the Executive
Order or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, AML Legislation, PCMLTFA or DMLTFPA.  
   Eligible Assignee   shall
mean a Person that is (a) a Lender, Affiliate of a Lender or Approved Fund; (b)
an assignee approved by the Company which shall be deemed given if no objection
is made within fifteen Business Days after written notice of the proposed
assignment is received by the Company from the Administrative Agent), the
Administrative Agent, the applicable Swingline Lender and the applicable Issuing
Bank (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or (c)
during an Event of Default by the Company or any other Borrower under  Section
10.01  or  10.05 , any Person acceptable to the Administrative Agent,
the applicable Swingline Lender and the applicable Issuing Bank in (which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed);  provided  that no
Person who is not a Non-Public Lender shall be an Eligible Assignee.  
   Eligible Canadian
Accounts   shall mean the Eligible Accounts owned by the Canadian Borrowers.
 
   Eligible Canadian
Equipment   shall mean the Eligible Equipment owned by the Canadian
Borrowers.  
   Eligible Canadian
Inventory   shall mean the Eligible Inventory owned by the Canadian
Borrowers.  
   Eligible Canadian Real
Estate   shall mean the Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate owned by the Canadian
Borrowers.  
   Eligible Dutch Accounts   shall
mean the Eligible Accounts owned by the Dutch Borrowers.  
   Eligible Dutch Inventory  
shall mean the Eligible Inventory owned by the Dutch Borrowers.  
 -43-  

Eligible Equipment   shall
mean, at any time, the Equipment of the Borrowers, but excluding any Equipment:
 
 (a)     that is not subject to a perfected
(or equivalent) first priority Lien, in accordance with the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement only, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (b)     that is subject to any Lien other
than (i) a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents and (ii) a Lien (if any)
permitted by  Section 9.01  which Permitted Lien shall rank junior in
priority to the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (c)     that is determined, based on the
applicable Borrowers  historical practices and procedures, in each case, which
are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that
the Borrowers  historical practices and procedures, as of the Closing Date, are
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), to be obsolete, damaged or
defective or is not in good order and repair and used or useable in the ordinary
course of the applicable Borrower s business;  
 (d)     that does not conform in any
material respect to all applicable standards imposed by any Governmental
Authority, including the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Employment
Standards Act (Ontario) that would affect the ability of the Collateral Agent to
sell such Equipment;  
 (e)     in which any Person other than such
Borrower or any other applicable Borrower shall (i) have any direct or indirect
ownership, interest or title (including any retention of title right) to such
Equipment, other than in respect of the interest of any carrier of Equipment in
transit or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to
such Equipment as having or purporting to have an interest therein;  
 (f)     that is not located in the United
States or Canada;  
 (g)     that (i) is located in any location
leased by an applicable Borrower unless the Administrative Agent has given its
prior written consent thereto or unless (A) the lessor has delivered to the
Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or such other documentation
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require in its Permitted Discretion
or the Administrative Agent or its counsel may deem reasonably necessary in the
jurisdiction of such Equipment s location or (B) a Rent Reserve with respect to
such location has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted
Discretion; or (ii) is located at an owned location subject to a mortgage or
other security interest in favor of a creditor (other than any such mortgage or
other security interest that constitutes a Permitted Lien), or is located in any
third party warehouse or other storage facility or is in the possession of a
bailee unless (A) such mortgagee, warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the
Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or such other documentation
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require in its Permitted Discretion
or the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably deem necessary in the
jurisdiction of such Equipment s location or (B) a Rent Reserve with respect to
such location has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted
Discretion;  
 -44-  

(h)     which is located at an outside
repair facility (unless payables in respect thereof are reserved);  
 (i)     that constitutes  fixtures  unless
located on Real Property owned by Borrower and on which a mortgage (or similar
security interest) has been given in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors; (j) for which reclamation rights have been
called in by the seller;  
 (j)     that is not covered by casualty
insurance as and to the extent required by the terms of this Agreement; and  
 (k)     that is otherwise designated by the
Company as  ineligible  by written notice to the Administrative Agent or in any
Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent.  
    Eligible Fee-Owned Real
Estate   shall mean Real Property that (i) is owned by a U.S. Borrower or a
Canadian Borrower in fee title in the United States or Canada, (ii) is at all
times subject to the Collateral Agent s duly perfected, first-priority security
interest (subject only to Liens permitted by  Section 9.01 ) pursuant to
Mortgages and other Related Real Estate Documents in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and any other Lender whose
consent is required hereunder (it being understood that no Real Property owned
as of the Closing Date shall constitute Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate until the
requirements of Section 8.11 have been met with respect to such Real Property)
and not subject to any other Lien except a Permitted Lien, (iii) conforms in all
material respects to the representations and warranties relating to such Real
Property set forth in this Agreement and the Security Documents, (iv) solely
with respect to Real Property owned by a U.S. Borrower or a Canadian Borrower on
the Closing Date, as set forth on Schedule 5.15 (it being agreed that (x) the
Real Property set forth on Schedule 5.15 shall be deemed to have been appraised
by a third-party appraiser reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
not more than three months prior to the Closing Date and (y) the Appraisals with
respect to the Real Property set forth on Schedule 5.15 shall be deemed to have
been prepared on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
any other Lender whose consent is required hereunder) and (v) solely with
respect to Real Property owned by any U.S. Borrower or Canadian Borrower that is
not set forth on Schedule 5.15, (x) has been appraised by a third-party
appraiser reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) for which
the Appraisals with respect thereto shall have been prepared on a basis
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and any other Lender whose
consent is required hereunder;  provided  that Eligible Fee-Owned Real
Estate shall exclude any Real Property that is otherwise designated by the
Company as  ineligible  by written notice to the Administrative Agent or in any
Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent.  
   Eligible Insured and Letter
of Credit Backed Account   shall mean an Account created by a Borrower in the
ordinary course of its business, that is either (i) fully insured (to the extent
provided for therein) by credit insurance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent or (ii) secured by a letter of credit reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent which, upon the request of the Administrative Agent
during a Cash Dominion Period, has been assigned to the Collateral Agent in a
manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and otherwise
qualifies as an  Eligible Account  hereunder, but for the failure of the Account
Debtor to be located in an Account Debtor Approved Country.  
   Eligible In-Transit
Inventory   shall mean Inventory owned by a Borrower that would meet all of
the criteria of  Eligible Inventory  if it were not in transit from any location
to a location of such Borrower within the Inventory Approved Countries. Without
limiting the foregoing, no Inventory shall be Eligible In-Transit Inventory unless (a) except as otherwise
agreed by the Administrative Agent, such Inventory is either (i) subject to a
negotiable document of title and such document of title shows the Administrative
Agent (or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the applicable Credit
Party) as consignee, and the Administrative Agent has control over such document
of title which evidences ownership of the subject Inventory (including by the
delivery of customs broker agreements in a form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent) or (ii) for Inventory in transit to a
location within the United States or Canada only, subject to a non-negotiable
document of title, and such document of title shows the Administrative Agent as
consignee, which document is in possession of the Administrative Agent or such
other Person (including any Borrower) as the Administrative Agent shall approve;
(b) such Inventory is insured in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including, if applicable, marine cargo
insurance; (c) such Inventory has been identified to the applicable sales
contract and title has passed to the applicable Borrower; (d) such Inventory is
not sold by a vendor that has a right to reclaim, divert shipment of, repossess,
stop delivery, claim any reservation of title or otherwise assert Lien rights
against the Inventory or with respect to which any Borrower is in default of any
obligations; (e) such Inventory is subject to customary purchase orders and
other sale documentation consistent with such Borrower s ordinary course of
dealing; and (f) such Inventory is shipped by a common carrier that is not
affiliated with the vendor and has not been acquired from a Person (i) that is
listed in the annex to, or otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive
Order, (ii) that is owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any
Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions
of, the Executive Order, (iii) with which a Lender or a Borrower is prohibited
from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Law,
AML Legislation, PCMLTFA or DMLTFPA, (iv) that commits, threatens or conspires
to commit or supports  terrorism  as defined in the Executive Order, (v) that is
a Canadian Blocked Persons or (vi) that is named as a  specifically designated
national and blocked person  on the most current list published by the U.S.
Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control at its official website or
any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list
or any similar lists published in the European Union. The aggregate Eligible
In-Transit Inventory shall not exceed $25,000,000 at any time. The
Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, shall have the ability to
establish Reserves for landing costs if such Eligible In-Transit Inventory is
coming from a jurisdiction outside the Inventory Approved Countries.  
 -45-  

Eligible Inventory   
 shall mean, at any time, Eligible In-Transit Inventory and Inventory of
the Borrowers, but excluding any Inventory:  
 (a)     that is not subject to a perfected
(or the equivalent) first priority Lien (in accordance with (x) the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, in the case of any Inventory located in the United
States, Canada or the Netherlands and (y) the Additional Inventory Security
Actions, in the case of any Inventory located in France, Germany or the United
Kingdom) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (b)     that is subject to any Lien other
than (i) a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents, and (ii) a Lien (if any)
permitted by  Section 9.01  which Permitted Lien shall rank junior in
priority to the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors pursuant to the relevant Security Documents;  
 (c)     that is determined, based on the
applicable Borrowers  historical practices and procedures, in each case, which
are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that
the Borrowers  historical practices and procedures, as of the Closing Date, are
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), to be slow moving,
obsolete, unmerchantable, damaged,  seconds , defective, used, unfit for
sale, or unacceptable due to age, type, category or quantity;    
 -46-  

(d)     that does not conform in any
material respect to all applicable standards imposed by any Governmental
Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory or its use or sale,
including the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, Employment Standards Act
(Ontario) and the Dutch Labour Standards Acts, which non-conformity would affect
the ability of the applicable Borrowers to sell such Inventory;  
 (e)     in which any Person other than such
Borrower or any other applicable Borrower shall (i) have any direct or indirect
ownership, interest or title (including any retention of title right) to such
Inventory, other than in respect of the interest of any carrier of Inventory in
transit or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to
such Inventory as having or purporting to have an interest therein;  
 (f)     except with respect to Eligible
In-Transit Inventory, that is not located in an Inventory Approved Country, or
is in transit (other than between locations in or between Inventory Approved
Countries, controlled by the applicable Borrowers, to the extent included in
current perpetual Inventory reports of any such Borrower);  
 (g)     except with respect to Eligible
In-Transit Inventory, that, unless in transit between locations in or between
Inventory Approved Countries, controlled by the applicable Borrowers, and
included in current perpetual Inventory reports of any such Borrower, (i) is
located in any location leased by an applicable Borrower unless the
Administrative Agent has given its prior written consent thereto or unless (A)
the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access
Agreement or such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
require in its Permitted Discretion or the Administrative Agent or its counsel
may deem reasonably necessary in the jurisdiction of such Inventory s location
or (B) a Rent Reserve with respect to such location has been established by the
Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; (ii) is located at an owned
location subject to a mortgage or other security interest in favor of a creditor
(other than any such mortgage or other security interest that constitutes a
Permitted Lien), or is located in any third party warehouse or other storage
facility or is in the possession of a bailee unless (A) such mortgagee,
warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral
Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably require in its Permitted Discretion or the Administrative Agent or
its counsel may deem reasonably necessary in the jurisdiction of such
Inventory s location or (B) a Rent Reserve has been established by the
Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; or (iii) is located in any
location where the aggregate Eligible Inventory is less than $100,000;  
 (h)     except with respect to Eligible
In-Transit Inventory consigned to the Administrative Agent (or another Person
permitted by the terms of the definition of  Eligible InTransit Inventory  with
the Administrative Agent s consent), that is the subject of a consignment;  
 (i)     Inventory that is subject to any
licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with
any third party from which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received
notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement;  
 (j)     that is not reflected in a current
Inventory report of such Borrower;  
 (k)     for which reclamation rights have
been called in by the seller;  
 -47-  

(l)     that consists of samples,
promotional materials, labels, packaging materials or similar supplies used in a
Borrower s business;  
 (m)     that is not covered by casualty
insurance as and to the extent required by the terms of this Agreement;  
 (n)     that consists of Hazardous
Materials or goods that can be transported or sold only with licenses that are
not readily available;  
 (o)     in which any portion of the Cost of
such Inventory is attributable to intercompany profit between any such Borrower
and any of its Affiliates (but only to the extent of such portion); or  
 (p)     that has been sold but not yet
delivered, or as to which a Borrower has accepted a deposit, or which, in the
case of Inventory owned by the Dutch Borrowers, has been sold or constructively
delivered to Account Debtors.  
 With respect to any Inventory
eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base (as reasonably determined by the
Company in consultation with the Administrative Agent) that are acquired by a
Borrower (other than from another Borrower, but including any Inventory of any
Person that has become a Borrower) after the Closing Date in a Permitted
Acquisition or similar Investment, such acquired Inventory may be included in
the applicable Borrowing Base from and after the acquisition thereof without the
Administrative Agent having completed an Appraisal with respect thereto, so long
as (i) all acquired Inventory included in the applicable Borrowing Base for
which an Appraisal, as applicable, with respect thereto has not been completed
by the Administrative Agent does not represent more than 10% of the applicable
Borrowing Base (when taken together with any Accounts included in the Borrowing
Base pursuant to the last paragraph of the definition of the term  Eligible
Accounts ), (ii) the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been
satisfied with respect to the applicable Borrower or Guarantor and (iii) (x) in
the case of any Inventory located in the United States, Canada, or the
Netherlands, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been satisfied
with respect to such Inventory or (y) in the case of any Inventory located in
the United Kingdom, Germany or France, the Additional Inventory Security Actions
shall have been satisfied with respect to such Inventory. With respect to any
Inventory of the type eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base that are
acquired by a Borrower (other than from another Borrower, but including any
Inventory of any Person that has become a Borrower) after the Closing Date in a
Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment and not otherwise included in the
Borrowing Base by virtue of the provisions of the preceding sentence, such
acquired Inventory shall be included in the applicable Borrowing Base only after
completion of an Appraisal with respect thereto by the Administrative Agent,
unless the Administrative Agent shall have determined in its discretion that no
such due diligence investigation with respect to such Inventory is required.
 
   Eligible U.S. Accounts   shall
mean the Eligible Accounts owned by the U.S. Borrowers.  
   Eligible U.S. Equipment   shall
mean the Eligible Equipment owned by the U.S. Borrowers.  
   Eligible U.S. Inventory   shall
mean the Eligible Inventory owned by the U.S. Borrowers.  
   Eligible U.S. Real
Estate   shall mean the Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate owned by the U.S.
Borrowers.  
   English Control
Agreement   shall mean any Deposit Account Control Agreement governed by
English law over the Dutch Dominion Account and the Dutch Collection Account to
be entered into among the Dutch Credit Parties party thereto and the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and the account bank maintaining
the account.  
 -48-  

Environment   shall mean
ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land
surface and sub-surface strata, sediments and natural resources such as
wetlands, flora and fauna.  
   Environmental Claims  
shall mean any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits,
demands, demand letters, directives, claims and/or notices of noncompliance or
violation, relating to any Environmental Law or, any permit issued, or any
approval given, under any such Environmental Law, including, without limitation,
(a) by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement investigation,
cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Law, and (b) by any third party seeking damages,
contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief
arising out of or relating to an alleged injury or threat of injury to human
health or the Environment due to any Release or threat of Release of any
Hazardous Materials.  
   Environmental Law   shall
mean any applicable federal, state, provincial, foreign, municipal, local or
foreign Requirement of Law, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any
ordinance, code and rule of common law, including any judicial or administrative
order, consent decree or judgment relating to pollution or protection of the
Environment, occupational safety or of human health as affected by exposure to
Hazardous Materials, including those relating to the manufacture, generation,
handling, transport, storage, treatment, Release or threat of Release of
Hazardous Materials.  
   Environmental Liability  
shall mean any liability, loss, damage, claims and expense arising under or
relating to any Environmental Law including those arising from or relating to:
(a) compliance or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or permit, license
or approval issued thereunder, (b) the generation, use, handling,
transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c)
exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threat of Release of any
Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual
arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to
any of the foregoing.  
    Equity Interests   shall
mean Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital
Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable
for, Capital Stock.  
   ERISA   shall mean the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time,
and, unless the context indicates otherwise, the regulations promulgated and
rulings issued thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA as in effect
at the date of this Agreement and any successor Section thereof.  
   ERISA Affiliate   shall
mean each trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which together with
any Credit Party would be deemed to be a  single employer  within the meaning of
Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code and, solely with respect to Section 412 of the
Code, within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. 
  
   ERISA Event   shall mean
(a) any  reportable event,  as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the
regulations issued thereunder, but excluding any event for which the 30-day
notice period is waived with respect to a Plan, (b) any failure to make a
required contribution to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan that would result in the
imposition of a Lien or other encumbrance or the failure to satisfy the minimum
funding standards set forth in Sections 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 or
303 of ERISA with respect to a Plan, (c) the incurrence by the Company, a
Restricted Subsidiary, or an ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of
ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal (including under Section
4062(e) of ERISA) of any of the Company, a Restricted Subsidiary, or an ERISA
Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (d) the receipt by the Company, a
Restricted Subsidiary, or an ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan
administrator of any notice of intent to terminate any Plan or Multiemployer
Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, (e) a determination that a
Multiemployer Plan is insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (f)
the occurrence of any non-exempt  prohibited transaction  (within the meaning of
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) with respect to which the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to have
liability, (g) the occurrence of any event or condition which constitutes
grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of any Plan or the
appointment of a trustee to administer any Plan, (h) the filing of any request
for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412(c) of the Code with
respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (i) a determination that any Plan is
in  at-risk  status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section
430(i)(4) of the Code) or (j) the receipt by the Company, a Restricted
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is, or
is expected to be, in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of
ERISA.    
 -49-  

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule   means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan
Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.
 
   Euro   and       mean the
single currency of the Participating Member States.  
   Eurocurrency Rate   shall mean
with respect to any Credit Extension:  
 (i)     denominated in a LIBOR Quoted
Currency, the rate per annum (rounded up to the nearest 1/100 th  of
1%) equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (  LIBOR  ) or a comparable
or successor rate which rate is approved by the applicable Administrative Agent,
as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially
available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the
applicable Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m.,
Local Time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period
(or, in the case of any Credit Extension denominated in Pounds Sterling,
approximately 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on the first day of any Interest Period),
for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery on the first day of such
Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;  
 (ii)     denominated in Canadian Dollars,
the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dealer Offered Rate (  CDOR  ), or
a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the applicable
Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or
such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be
designated by the applicable Administrative Agent from time to time) at or about
10:00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to
such Interest Period; and  
 (iii)     denominated in any other
Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum as designated with respect to such
Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the
applicable Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to  Section
1.08(a);   
  provided  that, to the extent a comparable or successor
rate is approved by the applicable Administrative Agent in connection with any
rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a
manner consistent with market practice;  provided ,  further  that to
the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the
applicable Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner
as otherwise reasonably determined by the applicable Administrative Agent; and
if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero
for purposes of this Agreement.  
 -50-  

Eurocurrency Rate Loan  
shall mean Loans that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the
definition of the term  Eurocurrency Rate.  Eurocurrency Rate Loans may be
denominated in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
   European Base Rate   shall
mean, with respect to Euros, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs and Dollars, funded
outside the United States, the Eurocurrency Rate for a one--month period on such
date,  plus  1.00%,  provided  that, to the extent a comparable or
successor rate is approved by the applicable Administrative Agent in connection
herewith, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market
practice;  provided ,  further  that to the extent such market
practice is not administratively feasible for the applicable Administrative
Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably
determined by the applicable Administrative Agent. Any change in such rate shall
take effect at the opening of business on the day of such change.  
   European Base Rate Loan  
shall mean a floating rate borrowing under the Dutch Subfacility that bears
interest based on the European Base Rate.  
   Event of Default   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 11 .  
   Exchange Act   shall mean
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder.  
   Excluded Account   shall
mean a Deposit Account (i) which is used for the purposes of making payroll and
withholding tax payments related thereto and other employee wage and benefit
payments and accrued and unpaid employee compensation (including salaries,
wages, bonuses, benefits and expense reimbursements), (ii) which is used for the
sole purpose of paying or remitting taxes, including sales taxes, (iii) which is
used solely as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account, (iv) the
aggregate average daily balance in which (in each case determined for the most
recently completed calendar month) does not at any time exceed $1,000,000 in the
aggregate for all such Deposit Accounts or (v) containing solely the proceeds of
borrowings or issuances of Indebtedness, including Borrowings of Loans
hereunder.  
   Excluded Assets   shall
have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement.   
   Excluded Subsidiary   shall
mean (a) each Immaterial Subsidiary, (b) each Subsidiary that is not a
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary on any date such Subsidiary would otherwise be required
to become a Guarantor pursuant to the requirements of  Section 8.10  (for
so long as such Subsidiary remains a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary), (c) each
Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited by any applicable Requirement of Law or
Contractual Requirement (with respect to any such Contractual Requirement, only
to the extent existing on the Closing Date or on the date such Person becomes a
Subsidiary of the Company and not entered into in contemplation thereof) from
guaranteeing the Obligations (and for so long as such restriction or any
replacement or renewal thereof is in effect), (ii) that would require consent,
approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee of the Obligations
from a Governmental Authority (unless such consent, approval, license or
authorization has been received) or for which the provision of such Guarantee
would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Company or one or more
of its Subsidiaries (as reasonably determined by the Company in consultation
with the Administrative Agent) or (iii) that is a CFC (or a Subsidiary of a CFC)
or FSHCO, (d) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable
judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as agreed in writing, the
cost or other consequences of providing a Guarantee of the Obligations would be
excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom, (e)
each Unrestricted Subsidiary, (f) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to
a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder and financed with secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred
pursuant to  Section 9.04 , and each Restricted Subsidiary acquired in such
Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder that guarantees
such secured Indebtedness, in each case, to the extent that, and for so long as,
the documentation relating to such secured Indebtedness to which such Subsidiary
is a party prohibits such Subsidiary from guaranteeing the Obligations and such
prohibition was not created in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or
other Investment permitted hereunder and (g) any special purpose entity
(including any not-for-profit entity).  
 -51-  

Excluded Swap Obligation  
shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to
the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor pursuant to
the Guarantee of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to
secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee
thereof) is or becomes illegal or unlawful under the Commodity Exchange Act or
any rule, regulation, or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or
the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (i) by virtue of such
Guarantor s failure to constitute an  eligible contract participant,  as defined
in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after
giving pro forma effect to any applicable keep well, support, or other agreement
for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all applicable guarantees of such
Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Credit Parties), at the time the guarantee
of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes
or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (ii) in the
case of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to
section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a
 financial entity,  as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange
Act, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as
applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to
such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an  Excluded
Swap Obligation  of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the
relevant Credit Parties and counterparties to such Swap Obligations. If a Swap
Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such
exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is
attributable to the Swap for which such guarantee or security interest is or
becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.  
   Excluded Taxes   shall
mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any other
recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any
Credit Party under any Credit Document, (a) income Taxes imposed on (or measured
by) its net income and franchise (and similar) Taxes imposed on it in lieu of
net income Taxes by a jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) as a
result of (i) such recipient being organized or having its principal office or
applicable lending office in such jurisdiction or (ii) any other present or
former connection between such recipient and such jurisdiction (other than a
connection arising from such Administrative Agent, Lender or other recipient
having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under,
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under,
engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Credit Document, or
sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Credit Document), (b) any branch
profits Taxes under Section 884(a) of the Code, or any similar Tax, imposed by
any jurisdiction described in clause (a) above, (c) solely with respect to the
U.S. Subfacility, in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a
request by the Company under  Section 3.04 ), any U.S. federal withholding
Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to a Requirement
of Law in effect at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or
designates a new lending office), except to the extent that such Lender (or its
assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the time of designation of
a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from a
Credit Party with respect to such U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to
 Section 4.01 , (d) any Tax that is attributable to such recipient s
failure to comply with  Section 4.01(b)  or  Section 4.01(c)  (in each
case, subject to  Section 4.01(d) ), (e) any withholding Taxes imposed
under FATCA, (f) U.S. federal backup withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to Code
Section 3406, (g) solely with respect to the Canadian Subfacility, any Canadian
Taxes imposed as a result of such recipient not dealing at arm s
length (within the meaning of the ITA) with a Canadian Credit Party, (h) solely
with respect to the Canadian Subfacility, any Canadian Taxes imposed as a result
of such recipient being a  specified shareholder  (within the meaning of
subsection 18(5) of the ITA) of a Canadian Credit Party or not dealing at arm s
length with such a specified shareholder of a Canadian Credit Party and (i) any
Taxes imposed pursuant to Article 17(3) of the 1969 Dutch Corporate Income Tax
Act ( Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting ) on an Administrative Agent or a
Lender as a result of such Administrative Agent or Lender having an interest,
directly or indirectly, of 5.0% or more in a Dutch Borrower.  
 -52-  

Executive Order   shall
mean Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing effective September 24,
2001.  
   Existing Credit
Agreements   shall mean the (i) the Amendment and Restatement Agreement,
dated October 14, 2014, relating to a  92,500,000 Multipurpose Facilities
Agreement, originally dated September 25, 2012, among The Organic Corporation
B.V., Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V., SunOpta Foods Europe B.V., Tradin
Organics USA Inc. and Trabocca B.V., as borrowers, and ING Bank N.V.,
Cooperative Centrale Raiffeissen-Boerenleenbank B.A. and Deutsche Bank AG,
Amsterdam Branch, as lenders and (ii) the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2012, among SunOpta Inc. and SunOpta Foods Inc.,
as borrowers, certain affiliates of the borrowers, the Bank of Montreal, as
administrative agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto, in each
case, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the
Closing Date.  
   Existing Letters of Credit  
shall mean those Letters of Credit set forth on  Schedule 1.01B .  
   Existing Indebtedness   shall
have the meaning provided in Section 9.04(iv) .  
   Existing Revolving Class  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .  
   Existing Revolving Commitment  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .  
   Existing Revolving Loans  
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.19(a) .  
   Extended Revolving
Commitments   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .  
   Extended Revolving Loans  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .  
   Extending Lender   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(b) .  
   Extension Amendment   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(c) .  
   Extension Date   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 2.19(d) .  
   Extension Election   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(b) .  
   Extension Request   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .  
   Fair Market Value   shall
mean, with respect to any asset or liability, the fair market value of such
asset or liability as determined by the Company in good faith.  
    FATCA   shall mean
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any
amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially
more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations thereunder or
official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1)
of the Code (or any amended or successor version described above), and any
intergovernmental agreements (or related legislation or official administrative
rules or practices) implementing the foregoing.  
 -53-  

FCCR Test Amount   
 shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Financial
Covenant Triggering Event .  
   FCPA   shall have the meaning
provided in  Section 7.14(c) .  
   Federal Funds Rate   shall
mean (a) the weighted average of interest rates on overnight federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal
funds brokers on the applicable Business Day (or on the preceding Business Day,
if the applicable day is not a Business Day), as published by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York on the next Business Day; or (b) if no such rate is
published on the next Business Day, the average rate (rounded up, if necessary,
to the nearest 1/8 of 1%) charged to the Administrative Agent on the applicable
day on such transactions, as determined by the Administrative Agent;  provided
 if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed
zero for purposes of this Agreement.  
    Fees  shall
mean   all amounts payable pursuant to or referred to
in Section 2.05.    
    Field Examination   shall
mean field audits and examinations prepared on a basis reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, setting forth the value of Accounts, which audits
and examinations shall be prepared in accordance with this Agreement by an
examiner selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.  
    Financial Covenant
Triggering Event   shall mean, at any time, that Total Excess Availability is
less than the greater of (a) $20,000,000 and (b) 10.0% of the Line Cap, as of
such date (such greater of amount, the   FCCR Test Amount  ). Upon the
occurrence of any Financial Covenant Triggering Event, such Financial Covenant
Triggering Event shall be deemed to be continuing notwithstanding that Total
Excess Availability may thereafter exceed the FCCR Test Amount unless and until
Total Excess Availability exceeds such FCCR Test Amount for thirty (30)
consecutive days, in which event a Financial Covenant Triggering Event shall no
longer be deemed to be continuing.  
      Fees      First Amendment    shall mean    all amounts payable pursuant to or referred to in
   Section
2.05          the First Amendment, dated as of October 7, 2016, to this
Agreement.    
    First
Amendment Effective Date  shall have the meaning provided in the First
Amendment .   
   First Lien Claimholders   shall
have the meaning provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
   First Lien Collateral Agent  
shall have the meaning provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
   Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.02(d) .  
    Flood Insurance Laws  
shall mean, collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which
comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood
Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter
in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood
Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
statute thereto.  
 -54-  

Foreign Pension Plan  
shall mean any plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation
fund) or other similar program established or maintained outside the United
States, Canada or the Netherlands by the Company or any one or more of the
Restricted Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees of the Company or
such Restricted Subsidiaries residing outside the United States, Canada or the
Netherlands, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in,
retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or
payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan is not
subject to ERISA, the Canadian Employee Benefits Legislation or the Dutch
Pension Regulations.  
   Foreign Subsidiaries  
shall mean each Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
   Fronting Exposure   shall
mean a Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility
or Subfacilities of LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure, as applicable, except to
the extent allocated to other Lenders under  Section 2.11 .  
   Fronting Fee   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 2.05(c) .  
   FSHCO   shall mean any
Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the U.S. Parent
Borrower and has no material assets other than the Capital Stock (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any instrument treated as Capital Stock for U.S. federal
income tax purposes) of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs.  
   GAAP   shall mean (i)
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America which
are in effect from time to time or (ii) if elected by the Company by written
notice to the Administrative Agent in connection with the delivery of financial
statements and information, the accounting standards and interpretations
(  IFRS  ) adopted by the International Accounting Standard Board, as in
effect from time to time on or after the date on which the Company is making
such election;  provided , that (a) any such election once made shall be
irrevocable and (b) from and after such election, all ratios, computations and
other determinations based on GAAP contained in this Agreement shall be computed
in conformity with IFRS.  
   Governmental Approvals  
shall mean all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses and exemptions of,
registrations and filings with, and required reports to, all Governmental
Authorities.  
   Governmental Authority  
shall mean the government of the United States of America, Canada, the
Netherlands, the United Kingdom, any other nation or any political subdivision
thereof, whether state, provincial, municipal or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any
supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
 
   Guaranteed Creditors   shall
mean the Secured Creditors.  
   Guaranteed Party   shall mean
with respect to any Credit Party, any other Credit Party.  
   Guarantees   shall have
the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement  and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the Credit Party
Guarantee and any additional guarantee entered into pursuant to  Section
8.10 .  
 -55-  

Guarantor   shall mean
each Borrower (other than with respect to its own Obligations) and each
Subsidiary Guarantor.  
    Hazardous Materials  
shall mean (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials,
asbestos that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation,
polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (b) any chemicals, materials or
substances defined as or included in the definition of the terms  hazardous
substances,   hazardous waste,   hazardous materials,   extremely hazardous
substances,   restricted hazardous waste,   toxic substances,  or words of
similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other
chemical, material or substance which is regulated, or which would reasonably be
expected to give rise to liability under any Environmental Law.  
   Hedge Reserve   shall mean
the aggregate amount of reserves established or modified by the Administrative
Agent from time to time in its Permitted Discretion and in accordance with the
provisions of  Section 2.22  in respect of Secured Reserved Hedges.  
   Hedging Agreement   shall
mean any agreement with respect to any interest rate swap, interest rate cap,
interest rate collar, commodity swap, commodity cap, commodity collar, commodity
option, foreign exchange, currency swap or similar agreement (including equity
derivative agreements) providing for the transfer, modification or mitigation of
interest rate, currency, commodity risks or equity risks either generally or
under specific contingencies.  
   Hedging Obligations  
shall mean respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any
Hedging Agreement. 
   Historical Financial
Statements   shall mean (a) audited consolidated balance sheets of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of, and related audited
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss),
shareholders  equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries for, the fiscal years ended December 29, 2012, December 28, 2013
and January 3, 2015 and (b) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of, and related
unaudited consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of the Company
and its subsidiaries for the nine month period ended October 3, 2015.  
   HMT   shall have the meaning
provided in the definition of the term  Sanctions .  
   Immaterial Subsidiary  
shall mean, at any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Company now existing or hereafter acquired or formed (a) whose total assets
(when combined with the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary s Subsidiaries,
after eliminating intercompany obligations) at the last day of the Test Period
most recently ended on or prior to such determination date were an amount equal
to or less than 5% of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries at such date and (b) whose gross revenues (when combined
with the revenues of such Restricted Subsidiary s Subsidiaries, after
eliminating intercompany obligations) for such Test Period were an amount equal
to or less than 5% of the consolidated gross revenues of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period, in each case determined in
accordance with GAAP.  Schedule 1.01C  sets forth each Restricted
Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Subsidiary that has not executed this Agreement
as a Guarantor on and as of the Closing Date.  
   Increase Date   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 2.15(b) .  
   Increase Loan Lender   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.15(b) .  
   Incremental FILO Facility  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.15(a) .  
 -56-  

Incremental Revolving
Commitment Agreement   shall have the meaning provided in  Section
2.15(d) .  
   Incur   or   incur  
shall mean create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly
or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to any
Indebtedness. The term  Incurrence  or   incurrence   when used as a noun
shall have a correlative meaning.  
   Indebtedness   shall mean, with
respect to any Person, without duplication:  
 (a)     any indebtedness (including
principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not contingent:  
 (i)     in respect of borrowed money;  
 (ii)     evidenced by bonds, notes,
debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers  acceptances
(or, without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof);  
 (iii)     representing the balance deferred
and unpaid of the purchase price of any property (including Capitalized Lease
Obligations) due more than twelve months after such property is acquired, except
(x) any such balance that constitutes an obligation in respect of a commercial
letter of credit, a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor, in
each case accrued in the ordinary course of business and (y) any earn-out
obligations until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of
such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid after becoming due and
payable; or  
 (iv)     representing the net obligations
under any Hedging Agreement; if and to the extent that any of the foregoing
Indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear
as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such
Person prepared in accordance with GAAP;  
 (b)     to the extent not otherwise
included, any obligation by such Person to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor,
guarantor or otherwise, on the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a)
of a third Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet
of such obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; and  
 (c)     to the extent not otherwise
included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of a third
Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such first Person, whether or not
such Indebtedness is assumed by such first Person, but limited to the Fair
Market Value of the assets subject to such Lien;  
  provided  that notwithstanding the foregoing,
Indebtedness shall (A) include the Indebtedness of any partnership in which such
Person is a general partner, except to the extent such Indebtedness is expressly
non-recourse to such Person and only to the extent such Indebtedness would be
included in the calculation of the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness of
such Person determined in accordance with GAAP and (B) be deemed not to include
(i) Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii)
obligations under or in respect of any operating lease or Sale-Leaseback
Transactions (except any resulting Capitalized Lease Obligations);  provided,
further,  that Indebtedness shall be calculated without giving effect to the
effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 815 and related interpretations to the
extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of
Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for
any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness.  
 -57-  

Indemnified Liabilities   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 12.01(a) .  
   Indemnified Person   shall have
the meaning provided in Section 12.01(a) .  
   Indemnified Taxes   shall mean
all Taxes other than (i) Excluded Taxes and (ii) Other Taxes.  
   Indenture Fixed Charges  
shall mean with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of, without
duplication:  
 
(a)     Consolidated Interest Expense of
such Person for such period;  
 
(b)     all cash dividends or other
distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series
of Preferred Stock during such period; and  
 
(c)     all cash dividends or other
distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series
of Disqualified Stock during such period.  
   Independent Financial
Advisor   shall mean an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or
consultant to Persons engaged in Similar Businesses of nationally recognized
standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Company, qualified to
perform the task for which it has been engaged.  
   Intellectual Property  
shall mean all worldwide rights in and to (i) patents, (ii) trademarks, service
marks, trade names, trade dress, trade styles, domain names and other
identifiers of source or goodwill, (iii) copyrights and works subject to
copyright law, (iv) computer software, data and databases, (v) industrial
designs and other protections for designs, (vi) inventions, discoveries, trade
secrets, knowhow and other proprietary or confidential information, and (vii)
issuances, registrations or applications for any of the foregoing.  
   Intercreditor Agreement  
shall mean the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2016, among
BANA, in its capacity as agent for the First Lien Claimholders, Bank of
Montreal, a Canadian chartered bank, in its capacity as collateral agent for the
Second Lien Claimholders and each additional First Lien Collateral Agent and
each additional Second Lien Collateral Agent from time to time party thereto.
 
   Interest Period   shall
mean, as to any Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on
the date of such Borrowing or on the last day of the immediately preceding
Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing, as applicable, and ending on the
numerically corresponding day (or, if there is no numerically corresponding day,
on the last day) in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six month
months thereafter, as the Relevant Borrower may elect, or the date any Borrowing
of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan is converted to a Borrowing of a U.S. Base Rate
Loan, European Base Rate Loan or Canadian Base Rate Loan in accordance with
 Section 2.08  or repaid or prepaid in accordance with  Section 2.07 
or  Section 2.09 ;  provided  that, if any Interest Period would end
on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to
the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would
fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on
the next preceding Business Day. Interest shall accrue from and including the
first day of an Interest Period to but excluding the last day of such Interest
Period.  
 -58-  

Inventory   shall mean all
 inventory,  as such term is defined in the UCC (or with respect to any Canadian
Credit Party, the PPSA) or with respect to Inventory owned by any Dutch Credit
Party,   all raw materials, work in progress and finished goods legally
and beneficially owned, in any such case, wherever located, in which any Person
now or hereafter has rights.  
   Inventory Approved
Countries   shall mean (a) the United States, Canada, and the Netherlands and
(b) solely to the extent the applicable Additional Inventory Security Actions
have been completed for such jurisdictions, and with respect to the Dutch
Borrowing Base only, the United Kingdom, France and/or Germany. For the
avoidance of doubt, such list of Inventory Approved Countries shall not be
construed to expand the list of approved jurisdictions of Borrowers who own
Eligible Inventory beyond the United States, Canada and the Netherlands.  
   Investment and Junior Debt
Incurrence Conditions   shall mean with respect to (x) any acquisition or
other Investment or (y) any Incurrence of Junior Debt that satisfies the Junior
Debt Conditions, the following:  
 
(i)     as of the date of any such
acquisition, other Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt, and after giving pro
forma effect thereto, no Event of Default shall exist or have occurred and be
continuing, and  
 
(ii)     as of the date of any such
acquisition, other Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt, and after giving pro
forma effect thereto, the Total Excess Availability on such date, and during the
immediately preceding 30 consecutive day period (assuming such acquisition,
other Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt occurred on the first day of such
30 consecutive day period) shall have been not less than the greater of (x)
12.5% of the Line Cap and (y) $25,000,000, and  
 
(iii)     the Consolidated Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis for such acquisition, other
Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt shall be no less than 1.0 to 1.0;
 provided  that this clause (iii) shall not apply if, as of the date of any
such acquisition, other Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt, and after
giving effect thereto, the Total Excess Availability on such date, and during
the immediately preceding 30 consecutive day period (assuming such acquisition,
other Investment or Incurrence of Junior Debt occurred on the first day of such
30 consecutive day period) shall have been not less than the greater of (x)
17.5% of the Line Cap and (y) $35,000,000.  
   Investment Cash Equivalents  
shall mean:  
 
(a)     (i) Dollars, Canadian Dollars,
Euro, Pounds Sterling, yen or any national currency of any participating member
state of the European Union or (ii) such local currencies held by a Foreign
Subsidiary from time to time in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(b)     securities issued or directly and
fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any
agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are unconditionally
guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such government with
maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition;  
 
(c)     certificates of deposit, time
deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of 24 months or less from
the date of acquisition, demand deposits, bankers  acceptances with maturities
not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any
domestic or foreign commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than
$250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and $100,000,000 million (or the U.S. dollar
equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks;  
 -59-  

(d)     repurchase obligations for
underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b), (c) and (g) entered
into with any financial institution or recognized securities dealer meeting the
qualifications specified in clause (c) above;  
 
(e)     commercial paper and variable or
fixed rate notes rated at least  P-2  by Moody s or at least  A-2  by S P
(or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such
obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating agency) and in each case
maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof and Indebtedness or
Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of  A  or higher from S P or
 A-2  or higher from Moody s with maturities of 24 months or less from the date
of acquisition;  
 
(f)     marketable short-term money market
and similar funds having a rating of at least  P-2  or  A-2  from either Moody s
or S P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall
be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating agency);

(g)     readily marketable direct
obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment
Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s
nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another
rating agency) with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of
acquisition;  
 
(h)     readily marketable direct
obligations issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision or
public instrumentality thereof, in each case having an Investment Grade Rating
from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P
shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating
agency) with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition;  
 
(i)     Investments with average maturities
of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated
 AAA-  (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or  Aaa3  (or the
equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor
S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another
rating agency); 
 
(j)     securities with maturities of 12
months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit
issued by any financial institution or recognized securities dealer meeting the
qualifications specified in clause (3) above; and  
 
(k)     investment funds investing at least
90% of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (a) through
(j) above. 
 In the case of Investments made
by a Foreign Subsidiary (or temporarily held by the Company or the Restricted
Subsidiaries as part of their cash management arrangements with a Foreign
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice)
in a country outside the United States, Cash Equivalents shall also include (a)
investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) and
clauses (i), (j) and (k) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or
obligors (or the parents of such obligors) have ratings described in such
clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (b)
other short-term investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries that are
Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash
management in investments analogous to the foregoing investments in clauses (a)
through (k) and in this paragraph.  
 -60-  

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than
those set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above,  provided    that such
amounts are converted into any currency listed in clauses (a) and (b) as
promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the
receipt of such amounts.  
 For the avoidance of doubt, any
items identified as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be deemed to be
Cash Equivalents for all purposes under this Agreement regardless of the
treatment of such items under GAAP.  
   Investment Grade Rating  
shall mean a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s
and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or if the applicable securities are not
then rated by Moody s or S P, an equivalent rating by any other Rating
Agency.  
   Investment Grade Securities  
shall mean:  
 
(a)     securities issued or directly and
fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or
instrumentality thereof (other than Investment Cash Equivalents);  
 
(b)     debt securities or debt instruments
with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or
instruments constituting loans or advances among the Company and its
Subsidiaries;  
 
(c)     investments in any fund that
invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (a) and (b)
which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or
distribution; and  
 
(d)     corresponding instruments in
countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality
investments.  
   Investments   shall mean,
with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons
(including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including guarantees), advances or
capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to
customers and distributors, commission, travel and similar advances to
employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors and consultants, in each
case made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions
for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued
by any other Person and investments that are required by GAAP to be classified
on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes) of the Company in the same manner
as the other investments included in this definition to the extent such
transactions involve the transfer of cash or other property. For purposes of
 Section 8.14 ,  Investments  shall include (a) the portion (proportionate
to the Company s Equity Interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of
the net assets of a Subsidiary of the Company at the time that such Subsidiary
is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary and (b) any property transferred to or
from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its Fair Market Value at the
time of such transfer. The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time
shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced by any dividend,
distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount
received in Investment Cash Equivalents by the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary in respect of such Investment.  
   Issuing Bank   shall mean
the Canadian Issuing Bank, the U.S. Issuing Bank and/or the Dutch Issuing Bank,
as the context requires.  
   ITA   shall mean the
Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended, and any successor thereto, and any
regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 -61-  

Joint Lead Arrangers  
shall mean Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Rabobank
Nederland, Canadian Branch and Bank of Montreal, in their respective capacities
as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, as applicable, under this
Agreement.  
   Judgment Currency   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 12.20 .  
   Junior Debt   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 9.04(ii) .  
   Junior Debt Conditions   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 9.04(ii) .  
   Latest Maturity Date  
shall mean, at any date of determination, the latest maturity date applicable to
any Loan or Commitment under any Subfacility hereunder as of such date of
determination.  
   LC Collateral Account  
shall mean a collateral account in the form of a deposit account established and
maintained by the applicable Administrative Agent for the benefit of the
applicable Issuing Banks, in accordance with the provisions of  Section
2.13(n) .  
   LC Commitment   shall mean
the commitment of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to
 Section 2.13 .  
   LC Credit Extension  
shall mean any Canadian LC Credit Extension, U.S. LC Credit Extension or Dutch
LC Credit Extension.  
   LC Disbursement   shall
mean any Canadian LC Disbursement, U.S. LC Disbursement or Dutch LC
Disbursement.  
   LC Documents   shall mean
the Canadian LC Documents, the U.S. LC Documents and the Dutch LC Documents.
 
   LC Exposure   shall mean,
collectively, the Canadian LC Exposure, the U.S. LC Exposure and the Dutch LC
Exposure.  
   LC Obligations   shall
mean the Canadian LC Obligations, the U.S. LC Obligations and/or the Dutch LC
Obligations.  
   LC Participation Fee   shall
have the meaning provided in Section 2.05(c)(i) .  
   LC Request   shall mean a
request by a Borrower in accordance with the terms of  Section 2.13(b)  in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank.  
   LC Sublimit   shall mean
the aggregate Canadian LC Sublimit, Dutch LC Sublimit and U.S. LC Sublimit.  
   Lender   shall mean each
financial institution listed on  Schedule 2.01 , as well as any Person that
becomes a  Lender  hereunder pursuant to  Section 2.15 ,  3.04  or
 12.04 .  
   Lender Loss Sharing
Agreement   shall mean the Lender Loss Sharing Agreement entered into by each
Lender as of the Closing Date and each other Lender becoming party to this
Agreement via an Assignment and Assumption Agreement or otherwise after the
Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent.  
 -62-  

Letter of Credit   shall
mean any Canadian Letter of Credit, U.S. Letter of Credit and Dutch Letter of
Credit.  
   Letter of Credit Expiration
Date   shall mean the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date.  
   LIBOR   shall have the meaning
provided in the definition of the term  Eurocurrency Rate .  
   LIBOR Quoted Currency  
shall mean each of the following currencies: Dollars; Euros; Pounds Sterling;
and Swiss Franc; in each case as long as there is a published LIBOR rate with
respect thereto.  
   Lien   shall mean with
respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge,
hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of
any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise
perfected under applicable Requirement of Law, including any conditional sale or
other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, or any other
agreement to give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give
any financing statement under the UCC (or equivalent statutes, including the
PPSA) of any jurisdiction;  provided  that in no event shall an operating
lease be deemed to constitute a Lien.  
   Line Cap   shall mean an
amount that is equal to the lesser of (a) the then applicable Revolving
Commitments and (b) the then applicable Borrowing Base(s).  
   Loans   shall mean
advances made to or at the instructions of a Borrower pursuant to  Section
2  hereof and may constitute Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans.  
   Local Time   shall mean,
(i) with respect to the U.S. Subfacility, Chicago time, (ii) with respect to the
Canadian Subfacility, Toronto time and (iii) with respect to the Dutch
Subfacility, London time.  
   Margin Stock   shall have the
meaning provided in Regulation U.  
   Material Adverse Effect  
shall mean any circumstance or condition affecting the business or financial
condition of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole that
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to materially
adversely affect, (x) the ability of the Company and the other Credit Parties,
taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Credit Documents or (y)
the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent,
Issuing Lenders or the Lenders under the Credit Documents.  
   Material Real Property  
shall mean all Real Property (including fixtures thereon) owned in fee by a U.S.
Credit Party or Canadian Credit Party that either (A) has a Fair Market Value of
no less than $5,000,000, determined on the Closing Date with respect to
properties owned by them on the Closing Date, or on the date of acquisition for
properties acquired thereafter or, with respect to any properties under
construction or improvement, on the date of substantial completion thereof, or
(B) constitutes Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate.  
   Material Subsidiary  
shall mean each Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that is not an Immaterial
Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, all Credit Parties (other than the
Company) shall be deemed to constitute  Material Subsidiaries .  
   Maturity Date   shall mean the
date that is 5 years after the Closing Date.  
   Moody s   shall mean Moody s
Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto.  
 -63-  

Mortgage   shall mean a
mortgage, debenture, leasehold mortgage, deed of trust, deed of immovable
hypothec, leasehold deed of trust, deed to secure debt, leasehold deed to secure
debt or similar security instrument in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in favor of the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors. 
   Mortgaged Property   shall
mean Real Property (including any fixtures thereon) owned by a U.S. Credit Party
or Canadian Credit Party that is subject to a Mortgage.  
   Multiemployer Plan   shall
mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject
to Title IV of ERISA with respect to which a Credit Party has, or may have, any
obligation or liability, including on account of an ERISA Affiliate.  
   NAIC   shall mean the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners.  
    Net Income   shall mean,
with respect to any Person, the net income (loss) of such Person, determined in
accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock
dividends.  
   Net Orderly Liquidation
Value   shall mean, as of any date of determination, with respect to any
Inventory or Equipment, the  net orderly liquidation value  of such Inventory or
Equipment, expected to be realized at an orderly, negotiated sale of such
Inventory or Equipment and determined from the most recent Appraisal of the
Borrowers  Inventory or Equipment received by the Administrative Agent, less the
amount estimated by the appraiser for marshaling, reconditioning, carrying,
sales expenses, operating expenses, administration expenses and commissions
designated to maximize the resale value of such Inventory and assuming that the
time required to dispose of such Inventory is customary with respect to such
Inventory and expressed as a percentage of the Cost of such Inventory or
Equipment.  
   Non-Defaulting Lender  
shall mean and include each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender.  
   Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency  
shall mean any currency other than a LIBOR Quoted Currency.  
   Non-Public Lender   shall mean
any person/entity which does not belong to the "public" within the meaning of
CRR.  
   North American Minimum
Requirement   shall mean that at no time shall (a) the sum of the Canadian
Borrowing Base  plus  the U.S. Borrowing Base comprise less than 60.0% of
the total Borrowing Base; and (b) the sum of the Canadian Revolving Commitment
 plus  the U.S. Revolving Commitment comprise less than 60.0% of the total
Revolving Commitment. 
   Note   shall mean each
Revolving Note or Swingline Note, as applicable.  
   Notice of Borrowing   shall
mean a notice substantially in the form of  Exhibit A-1  hereto.  
   Notice of
Conversion/Continuation   shall mean a notice substantially in the form of
 Exhibit A-2  hereto or such other form as may be agreed by the applicable
Administrative Agent and the Company.  
   Notice Office   shall mean
(i) with respect to the U.S. Subfacility, Bank of America, N.A., 20975 Swenson
Drive, Suite 200, Waukesha, WI 53186; Attention: Erin Cordes (email:
  erin.cordes@baml.com  , with a copy to Todd Wellentin
(todd.wellentin@baml.com), (ii) with respect to the Canadian Subfacility, Bank
of America, N.A., Canada Branch, 181 Bay Street, Suite 400, Toronto, ON, M5J
2V8, Attention: Teresa Tsui (email:   teresa.tsui@baml.com  ) with a copy to
Todd Wellentin (todd.wellentin@baml.com) and (iii) with respect to the Dutch
Subfacility, Bank of America N.A., London Branch, 26 Elmfield Road, Bromley, BR1 1WA; Attention: Michelle Stanley (email:
michelle.a.stanley@baml.com) with a copy to Todd Wellentin
(todd.wellentin@baml.com); or such other offices or persons as the applicable
Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as such to the other
parties hereto.  
 -64-  

Obligations   shall mean
(x) all now existing or hereafter arising debts, obligations, covenants, and
duties of payment or performance of every kind, matured or unmatured, direct or
contingent, owing, arising, due, or payable to any Lender, Agent or Indemnified
Person by any Credit Party, now existing or hereafter incurred under, or arising
out or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Credit Document,
including, without limitation, all obligations to repay principal or interest
(including interest accruing after the commencement of any proceedings under any
applicable Debtor Relief Laws in any jurisdiction, regardless of whether allowed
or allowable in such proceeding, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such
interest which, but for the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code or a stay under any proceedings under any applicable Debtor
Relief Laws in any jurisdiction would become due) on the Loans, and to pay
interest, fees, costs, charges, expenses, professional fees, all sums chargeable
to the Borrowers or any other Credit Party or for which any Borrower or any
other Credit Party is liable as indemnitor under the Credit Documents, whether
or not evidenced by any note or other instrument (including, indemnities, fees,
interest and other amounts accruing after the commencement of any proceedings
under any applicable Debtor Relief Laws in any jurisdiction, regardless of
whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), whether or not evidenced by
any note or other instrument, now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising
out of or in connection with, this Agreement and each other Credit Document to
which any Credit Party is a party and the due compliance by the Credit Parties
with all the terms, conditions and agreements contained in this Agreement and in
each such other Credit Document and (y) all Secured Bank Product Obligations and
the due performance and compliance with all terms, conditions and agreements
contained therein;  provided ,  however , that for purposes of the
Credit Party Guarantee and each other guarantee agreement or other instrument or
document executed and delivered pursuant to this Agreement, the term
 Obligations  shall not, as to any Guarantor, include any Excluded Swap
Obligations of such Guarantor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained above, (x) at the option of the Company, obligations of any Credit
Party under any Secured Bank Product Obligations shall be secured and guaranteed
pursuant to the Credit Documents only to the extent that, and for so long as,
the other Obligations are so secured and guaranteed and (y) any release of
Collateral or Guarantors effected in the manner permitted by this Agreement
shall not require the consent of holders of obligations under Secured Bank
Product Obligations.  
   OFAC   shall mean the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the
Treasury.  
   Ontario Pension Plan  
shall mean a  registered pension plan,  as defined in subsection 248(1) of the
ITA, which contains a  defined benefit provision,  as defined in subsection
147.1(1) of the ITA, and which is registered under the  Pension Benefits
Act  (Ontario), but excluding any plan that provides only a  target benefit 
or any  multi-employer pension plan,  both as defined in the Pension Benefits
Act (Ontario), where employer contributions to such target benefit or
multi-employer pension plan are determined solely by reference to a
participation agreement, collective agreement, or other agreement negotiated
with the bargaining agent or other representative of the employees participating
in such plan and the employer has no liability for or obligation to fund any
funding deficiency under such plan upon termination of the plan in whole or in
part or upon the withdrawal of an employer from such plan.  
   Opta Minerals
Disposition   shall mean the direct or indirect sale, transfer or other
disposition of all or any part of the Capital Stock or assets of Opta Minerals
Inc. 
   Other Taxes   shall mean
any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible,
recording, filing or property Taxes or similar Taxes arising from any payment
made under, from the execution, delivery, registration, performance or enforcement
of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise
with respect to, any Credit Document;  provided ,  however , that
Other Taxes shall not include any Excluded Taxes.  
 -65-  

Outstanding Amount   shall
mean (i) with respect to Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the
aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any
borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Loans occurring on such date;
(ii) with respect to Swingline Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding
principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments
or repayments of such Swingline Loans occurring on such date; and (iii) with
respect to any LC Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the
aggregate outstanding amount of such LC Obligations on such date after giving
effect to any LC Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes
in the aggregate amount of the LC Obligations as of such date, including as a
result of any reimbursements by the Relevant Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.
 
   Outstanding Balance   of
any Account at any time shall mean the Dollar Equivalent of the then outstanding
face amount thereof.  
   Overadvance   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 2.17 .  
   Overadvance Loan   shall
mean a (i) U.S. Base Rate Loan made when an Overadvance exists or is caused by
the funding thereof under the U.S. Subfacility, (ii) a Canadian Prime Loan
and/or Canadian Base Rate Loan when an Overadvance exists or is caused by the
funding thereof under the Canadian Subfacility or (iii) a European Base Rate
Loan when an Overadvance exists or is caused by the funding thereof under the
Dutch Subfacility.  
   Parallel Debt   shall have the
meaning provided in the Dutch Security Agreements.  
   Parent Company   shall mean any
direct or indirect parent company of the Company.  
   Participant   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 12.04(f) .  
   Patriot Act   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 12.15 .  
   Payment in Full Date  
shall mean the date on which all Obligations (other than (i) any Secured Bank
Product Obligations and (ii) any contingent indemnification obligations or other
contingent obligations not then due and payable) have been paid in full, all
Commitments have terminated or expired and no Letter of Credit is outstanding
(other than any Letter of Credit that is (x) Cash Collateralized by Cash
Collateral held in the LC Collateral Account, in the name of the applicable
Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the applicable Issuing Bank, in an
amount equal to 103.0% of the LC Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit
or (y) backstopped on terms reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing
Bank). 
    Payment Office   shall
mean (i) with respect to the U.S. Subfacility the office of the Administrative
Agent located at Bank of America, N.A., 20975 Swenson Drive, Suite 200,
Waukesha, WI 53186 , Attention: Erin Cordes, (ii) with respect to the Canadian
Subfacility, the office of the Administrative Agent located at Bank of America,
N.A., Canada Branch, 181 Bay Street, Suite 400, Toronto, ON, M5J 2V8, Attention:
Teresa Tsui and (iii) with respect to the Dutch Subfacility, the office of the
Administrative Agent located at Bank of America N.A., 26 Elmfield Road, Bromley,
BR1 1WA, Attention: Michelle Stanley; or, in each case, such other office as the
Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as such to the other
parties hereto.  
 -66-  

PBGC   shall mean the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Section 4002 of
ERISA, or any successor thereto.  
   PCMLTFA   shall mean
Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act of Canada.  
    Participating Member
State   shall mean any member state of the European Union that has the Euro
as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union
relating to Economic and Monetary Union.  
    Perfection Certificate  
shall mean the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form approved by the
Collateral Agent, as the same may be supplemented from time to time pursuant to
 Section 8.01(c) .  
   Permitted Acquisition  
shall mean the acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of an
Acquired Entity or Business;  provided  that (i) the board of directors (or
similar governing body) of the Person to be so acquired, or the board of
directors of the Person that owns the assets to be so acquired, as the case may
be, either (x) shall have approved such acquisition or (y) shall not have
indicated publicly its opposition to the consummation of such acquisition (which
opposition has not been publicly withdrawn), (ii) if such acquisition involves
the acquisition of Equity Interests of a Person that upon such acquisition would
become a Subsidiary, such acquisition shall result in the issuer of such Equity
Interests becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and, to the extent required by
 Section 8.10 , a Guarantor, (iii) to the extent required by the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, such acquisition shall result in the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, being granted a security
interest in any Capital Stock or any assets so acquired, (iv) both immediately
prior to and after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, no Event of
Default under either  Section 10.01  or  Section 10.05  shall have
occurred and be continuing and (v) immediately after giving pro forma effect to
such acquisition, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in
compliance with  Section 9.09 .  
   Permitted Acquisition
Consideration   shall mean, in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or
other acquisition, the aggregate amount (as valued at the Fair Market Value of
such Permitted Acquisition at the time such Permitted Acquisition is made) of,
without duplication: (a) the purchase consideration paid or payable for such
Permitted Acquisition, whether payable at or prior to the consummation of such
Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment at any future time, whether or not
any such future payment is subject to the occurrence of any contingency, and
including any and all payments representing the purchase price and any
assumptions of Indebtedness and/or Contingent Obligations,  earn-outs  and other
agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment
of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income,
cash flow or profits (or the like) of any Person or business and (b) the
aggregate amount of Indebtedness Incurred in connection with such Permitted
Acquisition; provided in each case, that any such future payment that is subject
to a contingency shall be considered Permitted Acquisition Consideration only to
the extent of the reserve, if any, required under GAAP (as determined at the
time of the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition) to be established in
respect thereof by the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries.  
    Permitted Asset Swap  
shall mean the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of Related
Business Assets constituting Real Property or Equipment or a combination of
Related Business Assets constituting Real Property or Equipment and Investment
Cash Equivalents between the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and
another Person;  provided  that any Investment Cash Equivalents received
must be applied in accordance with  Section 9.02  hereof;  provided ,
 further , that the assets received are pledged as Collateral to the extent
required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.  
 -67-  

Permitted Discretion  
shall mean the Administrative Agent s reasonable credit judgment (from the
perspective of an asset-based Lender) in establishing Reserves exercised in good
faith in accordance with customary business practices for similar asset based
lending facilities, based upon its consideration of any factor that it
reasonably believes (i) could adversely affect the quantity, quality, mix or
value of Collateral included in the applicable Borrowing Base (including any
applicable Requirements of Law that may inhibit collection of a receivable), the
enforceability or priority of the Collateral Agent s Liens thereon, or the
amount that the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders or the
Issuing Banks could receive in liquidation of any Collateral included in the
applicable Borrowing Base; (ii) that any collateral report or financial
information delivered by any Borrower or Guarantor is incomplete, inaccurate or
misleading; or (iii) could create a Default or Event of Default. 
   Permitted Encumbrances  
shall mean, with respect to any Mortgaged Property, such exceptions to title as
are set forth in the mortgage title insurance policy delivered with respect
thereto, all of which exceptions must be reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent.  
   Permitted Investments   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 9.05 .  
   Permitted Liens   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 9.01 .  
   Person   shall mean any
individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, association, limited
liability company, unlimited liability company, trust or other enterprise or any
government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality
thereof.  
   Plan   shall mean any
pension plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA other than a Multiemployer
Plan, which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA and is
maintained or contributed to by (or to which there is an obligation to
contribute of) a Credit Party or with respect to which a Credit Party has, or
may have, any liability, including, for greater certainty, liability arising
from an ERISA Affiliate.  
   Pounds Sterling  ,  Sterling 
and       shall mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.  
   PPSA   shall mean the
Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder;
 provided ,  however , if validity, perfection and effect of
perfection and non-perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien on any applicable
Collateral are governed by the personal property security Requirements of Law of
any Canadian jurisdiction other than Ontario, PPSA shall mean those personal
property security Requirements of Law (including the Civil Code of Quebec) in
such other jurisdiction for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to
such validity, perfection and effect of perfection and non-perfection and for
the definitions related to such provisions, as from time to time in effect.  
   Preferred Stock   shall
mean any Equity Interest with preferential rights of payment of dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up.  
   Prime Rate   shall mean
the rate of interest announced by BANA from time to time as its prime rate. Such
rate is set by BANA on the basis of various factors, including its costs and
desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a
reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below
such rate. Any change in such rate publicly announced by BANA shall take effect
at the opening of business on the day specified in the announcement.  
   Priority Lien   shall have
the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Canadian Priority Payables .
 
 -68-  

Pro Rata Percentage   of
any Lender at any time shall mean either (i) the percentage of the total
Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (ii)
the percentage of the total Canadian Revolving Commitments represented by such
Lender s Canadian Revolving Commitment, (iii) the percentage of the total U.S.
Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender s U.S. Revolving Commitment or
(iv) the percentage of the total Dutch Revolving Commitments represented by such
Lender s Dutch Revolving Commitment, as applicable. The initial Pro Rata
Percentages of each Lender under one or more Subfacilities are set forth
opposite the name of such Lender on  Schedule 2.01  or in the Assignment
and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto,
as applicable.  
   Projections   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 5.10 .  
   Protective Advance   shall have
the meaning provided in Section 2.18.  
   Purchase Money
Obligations   shall mean Indebtedness incurred to finance or refinance the
acquisition or leasing by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of such asset,
including additions and improvements or the installation, construction,
improvement or restoration of such asset and whether acquired through the direct
acquisition of such property or assets, or otherwise (including through the
purchase of Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets);
 provided    that any Lien arising in connection with any such
Indebtedness shall be limited to the specified asset being financed or, in the
case of real property or fixtures, including additions and improvements, the
real property on which such asset is attached;  provided   further 
that such Indebtedness is incurred within 365 days after such acquisition or
lease of, or the completion of construction of, such asset by the Company or
Restricted Subsidiary.  
   Qualified Equity Interests  
shall mean any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Stock.  
   Quebec Hypothec   has the
meaning provided to such term in clause (ii) of the definition of the term
 Canadian Security Agreements .  
    Rate Determination Date  
shall mean two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest
Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by
market practice in such interbank market, as reasonably determined by the
applicable Administrative Agent;  provided  that, to the extent such market
practice is not administratively feasible for the applicable Administrative
Agent, such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the applicable
Administrative Agent).  
   Rating Agencies   shall
mean Moody s and S P or if Moody s or S P or both shall not make a
rating on the applicable securities publicly available, a nationally recognized
statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the
Company which shall be substituted for Moody s or S P or both, as the case
may be.  
   RDPRM   means Registre Des
Droits Personneles et R els Mobiliers de Quebec.  
    Real Property   of any
Person shall mean, collectively, the right, title and interest of such Person
(including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all land,
improvements and fixtures owned, leased or operated by such Person, together
with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating
thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general
intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the
ownership, lease or operation thereof.  
 -69-  

Receivables Collection
Reserve   shall mean a reserve in the amount reasonably anticipated by the
Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, to be necessary to compensate
the Administrative Agent for fees or other amounts payable to a Dutch
administrator to collect amounts due on Eligible Accounts with Account Debtors
located in Account Debtor Approved Countries with respect to which the
Additional Account Security Actions have not been taken.  
   Recipient   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 4.02(b) .  
   Refinancing Indebtedness  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.04 .  
   Refunding Capital Stock   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 9.03(b)(ii) .  
    Regulation D   shall mean
Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from
time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof
establishing reserve requirements.  
   Regulation T   shall mean
Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from
time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.  
   Regulation U   shall mean
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from
time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.  
   Regulation X   shall mean
Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from
time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof.  
   Related Business Assets  
shall mean assets (other than Investment Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a
Similar Business,  provided  that any assets received by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they
consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such
Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary.  
   Related Real Estate
Documents   shall mean (i) a Mortgage and, if applicable, fixture filings;
(ii) a mortgagee title insurance policy (or unconditional commitment to issue
such policy), insuring the Collateral Agent s interest under the Mortgage, in a
form and by an insurer reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent in an
amount not to exceed the Fair Market Value of the Mortgaged Property under the
Mortgage, which must be fully paid on such effective date; (iii) solely with
respect to a Mortgage on Real Property located in the United States, a new ALTA
survey or (b) an existing as-built survey of the Mortgaged Property (together
with a no change affidavit) sufficient for the title company to remove the
standard survey exceptions and issue the survey-related endorsements (to the
extent such endorsements are available at commercially reasonable rates); (iv)
solely with respect to a Mortgage on Real Property located in Canada, and only
to the extent required by the applicable title company to remove the standard
survey exceptions and issue the survey-related endorsements (to the extent such
endorsements are available at commercially reasonable rates), either (a) an
existing as-built survey of the Mortgaged Property (together with a no change
affidavit), or (b) if insufficient, a new survey prepared by a qualified land
surveyor; (v) solely with respect to a Mortgage on Real Property located in the
United States, a life-of-loan flood hazard determination and, if the Mortgaged
Property is located in a flood plain, an acknowledged notice to borrower and
evidence of flood insurance in accordance with  Section 8.03 ; (vi) a
mortgage opinion, addressed to the Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors
covering the due authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the
applicable Mortgage and such other customary matters incident to the
transactions contemplated herein as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request (if not covered by title insurance), and shall otherwise be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (vii) evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the applicable Credit
Parties have delivered to the title company such standard and customary
affidavits, certificates, information, instruments of indemnification (including
so-called  gap  indemnification) and other documents as may be reasonable
necessary to cause the title company to issue the title insurance policies as
contemplated by clause (ii) above; and (viii) evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent of payment by the Company or other applicable Credit
Party of all title policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow
charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and
expenses required for the recording of the Mortgages, fixture filings and other
real estate documents and the issuance of the title policies contemplated by
clause (ii) above.  
 -70-  

Release   shall mean
disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, pumping, leaking, leaching,
dumping, emitting, escaping, emptying, pouring or seeping into, through or upon
the Environment or within, from or into any building or other occupied structure
or facility.  
   Relevant Borrower   shall
mean, with respect to any Borrowing, the Borrower requesting such Borrowing or
with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Borrower requesting the issuance of
same.  
    Rent Reserve   shall mean
with respect to any facility, warehouse, distribution center or depot where any
Inventory or Equipment subject to Liens arising by operation of law is located
and with respect to which no Collateral Access Agreement is in effect, a reserve
equal to (a) in the case of any leased location, three months gross rent at such
facility, warehouse, distribution center or depot and (b) in the case of any
other such location, an amount reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent
in its Permitted Discretion in accordance with the provisions of  Section
2.22  in respect of the liabilities owed to the applicable bailee or
warehouseman.  
   Replaced Lender   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 3.04 .  
   Replacement Lender   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 3.04 .  
   Required Lenders   shall
mean Non-Defaulting Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of the (i) total
Outstanding Amount (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Lender s risk
participation and funded participation in LC Obligations and Swingline Loans
being deemed  held  by such Revolving Lender for purposes of this definition)
and (ii) aggregate unused Commitments held by Non-Defaulting Lenders at such
time as of any date of determination.  
   Required Reserve Notice  
shall mean (a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at
least three Business Days  advance notice to the Company, and (b) if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, one Business Days  advance notice to the
Company (or no advance notice to the Company, as may reasonably be determined to
be appropriate by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion to
protect the interests of the Lenders). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
changes to the Reserves solely for purposes of (a) correcting mathematical or
clerical errors or (b) imposing restrictions to account for the limitations on
Account Debtors in certain Account Debtor Approved Countries upon any Cash
Dominion Event, shall not be subject to such notice period.  
    Requirement of Law  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any statute, law, treaty, rule,
regulation, order, decree, writ, official administrative pronouncement,
injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its
property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.  
 -71-  

Reserves   shall mean,
without duplication of any items that are otherwise addressed or excluded
through eligibility criteria (including the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, the Additional Account Security Actions and the Additional
Inventory Security Actions), such reserves as the Administrative Agent from time
to time establishes or modifies in its Permitted Discretion in accordance with
the provisions of  Section 2.22 , including, without limitation, Dilution
Reserves, Rent Reserves, Hedge Reserves, Amortization Reserves and with respect
to the Canadian Borrowing Base, the Canadian Priority Payables Reserve and the
Receivables Collection Reserve (solely during a Cash Dominion Period).  
   Responsible Officer  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, its chief executive officer, president,
chief financial officer or any vice president, treasurer, chief accounting
officer, controller or other officer of such Person having substantially the
same authority and responsibility, or in relation to a Dutch Credit Party, its
director or any other person validly authorized to represent that Dutch Credit
Party and, as to any certificate (other than (i) the Borrowing Base Certificate
and (ii) the solvency certificate), delivered on the Closing Date, any secretary
or assistant secretary of such Person;  provided  that, with respect to
compliance with financial covenants, and the certificate required to be
delivered pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition of  Distribution
Conditions ,  Responsible Officer  shall mean the chief executive office, chief
financial officer, treasurer, chief accounting officer or controller of the
Company, or any other officer of the Company having substantially the same
authority and responsibility.  
   Restricted Investment   shall
mean any Investment other than a Permitted Investment.  
   Restricted Junior Debt
Prepayments   shall mean principal payments on, and redemptions, defeasances
and other acquisitions or retirements for value of, any Junior Debt, in each
case, prior to any scheduled repayment or sinking fund payment with respect
thereto or maturity thereof, other than Junior Debt permitted under clauses
(vii), (viii) or (ix) of  Section 9.04 .  
   Restricted Payment   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 9.03(a) . 
   Restricted Subsidiary  
shall mean each Subsidiary other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless the
context otherwise requires,  Restricted Subsidiaries  shall mean the Restricted
Subsidiaries of the Company. The U.S. Credit Parties, the Canadian Credit
Parties (other than the Company) and the Dutch Credit Parties shall at all times
constitute Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company.  
   Returns   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 7.09 .  
   Revaluation Date   shall
mean (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a
Borrowing denominated in a currency other than Dollars, (ii) each date of a
continuation of a Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars pursuant to
 Section 2.08 , and (iii) such additional dates as set forth in Section
1.06(a); and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following:
(i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other
than Dollars, (ii) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having
the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by
the Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than
Dollars, (iv) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in a
currency other than Dollars, the Closing Date, and (v) such additional dates as
set forth in Section 1.06(a) .  
   Revolving Availability
Period   shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to but
excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the
Revolving Commitments.  
   Revolving Borrowing  
shall mean a Canadian Revolving Borrowing, a Dutch Revolving Borrowing and/or a
U.S. Revolving Borrowing, as the context may require.  
 -72-  

Revolving Commitment  
shall mean the Canadian Revolving Commitment, the U.S. Revolving Commitment,
and/or the Dutch Revolving Commitment, as the context may require.  
   Revolving Commitment Increase  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.15(a) .  
   Revolving Commitment Increase
Notice   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.15(b) .  
   Revolving Exposure   shall mean
the Canadian Revolving Exposure, the U.S. Revolving Exposure, and/or the Dutch
Revolving Exposure, as the context may require.  
   Revolving Lender   shall mean a
Lender with a Revolving Commitment.  
   Revolving Loans   shall
mean Canadian Revolving Loans, U.S. Revolving Loans, Dutch Revolving Loans,
Protective Advances and/or Overadvance Loans, as the context may require.  
   Revolving Note   shall
mean the U.S. Revolving Note, the Canadian Revolving Note and/or the Dutch
Revolving Note.  
   S P   shall mean
Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Company,
Inc., and any successor owner of such division.  
   Sale-Leaseback
Transaction   shall mean any arrangement providing for the leasing by the
Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal
property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company
or such Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person in contemplation of such
leasing.  
   Sanction(s)   shall mean
any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including
without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, Her Majesty s Treasury (  HMT  ) or the federal government of
Canada.  
   SEC   shall have the meaning
provided in  Section 8.01(g) .  
   Second Lien Claimholders  
shall have the meaning provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
   Second Lien Collateral
Agent   shall have the meaning provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
   Second Lien Loan Agreement  
shall mean the Second Lien Loan Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2015, among
the Company, the U.S. Parent Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, the
lending institutions from time to time parties thereto and Bank of Montreal, as
administrative agent and collateral agent.  
   Second Lien Loans   shall
mean the loans incurred pursuant to the Second Lien Loan Agreement.  
   Second Lien Notes   shall
mean the second lien notes that may be issued pursuant to the Second Lien Notes
Indenture.  
   Second Lien Notes
Indenture   shall mean the form of Senior Secured Second Lien Notes
Indenture, attached as Exhibit B to the Second Lien Loan Agreement, that will be
entered into if the U.S. Parent Borrower exchanges the Second Lien Loans for
Second Lien Notes or such other agreement as may govern any Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect to the Second Lien Loans and related obligations under
the Second Lien Loan Agreement and the related loan documents.  
 -73-  

Section 8.01 Financials  
shall mean the quarterly and annual financial statements required to be
delivered pursuant to  Sections 8.01(a)  and  (b) .  
   Secured Bank Product
Obligations   shall mean all obligations in respect of Bank Product Debt
(including obligations which, but for the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of
the Bankruptcy Code or a stay under any applicable Debtor Relief Laws in any
jurisdiction would become due and including any interest, fees and other amounts
accruing after the commencement of any proceeding under any applicable Debtor
Relief Laws in any jurisdiction, whether or not such interest, fees and other
amounts are allowed or allowable claims in such proceeding) owing to a Secured
Bank Product Provider, up to the maximum amount (in the case of any Secured Bank
Product Provider other than BANA and its Affiliates or branches) specified by
such provider in writing to the Administrative Agent, which amount may be
established or increased (by further written notice by the Company to the
Administrative Agent from time to time) as long as no Default or Event of
Default then exists.  
   Secured Bank Product
Provider   shall mean each Cash Management Bank and each Secured Hedge Bank;
 provided  that such provider who is not BANA delivers written notice to
the Administrative Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, (i) describing the Bank Product and setting forth the
maximum amount to be secured by the Collateral and the methodology to be used in
calculating such amount, and (ii) agreeing to be bound by  Section 11.12 ;
 provided ,  further , that (x) in the case of any Bank Product in
existence on the Closing Date that is provided by a Person (other than BANA) who
is, as of the Closing Date, a Lender, an Agent, a Joint Lead Arranger or an
Affiliate of a Person who is, as of the Closing Date, a Lender, an Agent or a
Joint Lead Arranger, such written notice required by the immediately preceding
proviso shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the
Closing Date and (y) in the case of any Bank Product not in existence on the
Closing Date that is provided by a Secured Hedge Bank or a Secured Cash
Management Bank (other than the U.S. Administrative Agent at the time of the
creation of the relevant Bank Product), such written notice required by the
immediately preceding proviso shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent
within 30 calendar days after the creation of the relevant Bank Product.  
   Secured Creditors   shall
mean, collectively, the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, the
Lenders, the Issuing Banks and each Secured Bank Product Provider.  
   Secured Hedge Bank   shall
mean any Person that is a counterparty to a Hedging Agreement with a Credit
Party or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in its capacity as such, and that
either (i) was a Lender, an Agent, a Joint Lead Arranger or an Affiliate of a
Lender, an Agent, or a Joint Lead Arranger at the time it entered into such
Hedging Agreement or (ii) becomes a Lender, an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender
or an Agent after it has entered into such Hedging Agreement.  
   Secured Reserved Hedge  
shall mean any Secured Bank Product Obligations arising under a Hedging
Agreement with a Secured Hedge Bank with respect to which the Company and the
Secured Bank Product Provider thereof have notified the Administrative Agent of
the intent to include such Secured Bank Product Obligations as permitted to be
repaid under  clause   seventh  of the default waterfall set forth in
 Section 10.11  and with respect to which the Administrative Agent in its
Permitted Discretion in accordance with the provisions of  Section 2.22 
establishes a Hedge Reserve in respect thereof in an amount equal to the Swap
Termination Value in respect thereof so long as no Overadvance would result from
establishment of a Hedge Reserve for such amount and for all other Secured
Reserved Hedges.  
   Secured Unreserved Hedge  
shall mean any Secured Bank Product Obligations arising under a Hedging
Agreement other than a Secured Reserved Hedge.  
 -74-  

Securities Act   shall
mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.  
   Security Agreements  
shall mean (i) the Canadian Security Agreements, (ii) the U.S. Security
Agreement and (iii) the Dutch Security Agreements. 
   Security Document   shall
mean and include each Canadian Security Document, each Dutch Security Document,
each U.S. Security Document, the English Control Agreements, the charges or
other similar security documents entered into in Inventory Approved Countries
and/or Account Debtor Approved Countries, as the context may require, and, after
the execution and delivery thereof, any other document pursuant to which a Lien
is granted to a Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations.  
   Settlement Date   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.14(a) .  
   Significant Asset Sale  
shall mean each Asset Sale (and any Casualty Event) with respect to Collateral
resulting in net cash proceeds in excess of 10% of the Borrowing Base.  
   Similar Business   shall
mean (a) any business engaged or proposed to be engaged in by the Company or any
of the Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and any reasonable extension
thereof and (b) any business or other activities that are reasonably similar,
ancillary, incidental, complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension,
development or expansion of, the businesses in which the Company and the
Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged or proposed to be engaged on the Closing
Date.  
   Solvent   shall mean, at
the time of determination (a) each of the Fair Value and the Present Fair
Saleable Value of the assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole
exceed their Stated Liabilities and Identified Contingent Liabilities; (b) such
Person and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole do not have Unreasonably Small
Capital; and (c) such Person and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole can pay their
Stated Liabilities and Identified Contingent Liabilities as they mature. Defined
terms used in the foregoing definition shall have the meanings set forth in the
solvency certificate delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to  Section
5.05 .  
   Specified Existing Revolving
Commitment Class   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.19(a) .
 
   Specified Payment   shall
mean (a) any Restricted Payment, Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment or
redesignation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary that, in
each case, is subject to the satisfaction of the Distribution Conditions or (b)
any Investment (including a Permitted Acquisition) or incurrence of Indebtedness
that, in each case, is subject to the satisfaction of the Investment and Junior
Debt Incurrence Conditions. 
   Spot Rate   shall mean, on
any day with respect to any currency, the exchange rate that is applicable to
conversion of one currency into another currency, which is (a) the exchange rate
reported by Bloomberg (or other commercially available source designated by the
Administrative Agent) as of the end of the preceding Business Day in the
financial market for the first currency; or (b) if such report is unavailable
for any reason, the spot rate, as determined by the Administrative Agent and
posted on a daily basis to the electronic loan platform maintained by the
Administrative Agent and accessible by the parties hereto (the   Electronic
Platform  ), for the purchase of the first currency with the second currency
as in effect during the preceding business day in the Administrative Agent's
principal foreign exchange trading office for the first currency;
 provided  that in the case of clause (b) only, if such exchange rate is
not posted to the Electronic Platform on any day with respect to any currency,
the Spot Rate on such day with respect to such currency shall be equal to the Spot Rate for
such currency on the most recent preceding date on which a Spot Rate with
respect to such currency was posted to the Electronic Platform.  
 -75-  

Stated Amount   of any
Letter of Credit shall mean, unless otherwise specified herein, the stated
amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time.  
   Subfacilities   shall have the
meaning provided in the recitals hereto.  
   Subordinated Intercompany
Note   shall mean the Subordinated Intercompany Note, dated as of the Closing
Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto, executed by the Company,
each Restricted Subsidiary of the Company and each other Credit Party, together
with any joinders thereto.  
   Subsidiary   shall mean,
as to any Person, (i) any corporation, association, or other business entity
(other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar
entity) of which more than 50.0% of the total voting power of shares of Capital
Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in
the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of
determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one
or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof and
(ii) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity
of which (A) more than 50.0% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total
equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as
applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or
one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof
whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or
otherwise, and (B) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a
controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.  
   Subsidiary Guarantor  
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement .  
   Successor Company   shall have
the meaning provided in Section 9.11(a) .  
   Successor Person   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 9.11(b) .  
   Successor U.S. Parent
Borrower   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.11(a) .  
   Supermajority Lenders  
shall mean those Non-Defaulting Lenders which would constitute the Required
Lenders under, and as defined in, this Agreement if the percentage  50% 
contained therein were changed to  66-2/3%.   
   Swap Obligation   shall mean
any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction
that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.  
   Swap Termination Value  
shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Agreements, after taking into
account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such
Hedging Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedging
Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in
accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to
the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the
mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Agreements, as determined based upon
one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any
recognized dealer in such Hedging Agreements (which may include a Lender or any
Affiliate of a Lender).  
 -76-  

Swingline Commitment  
shall mean the U.S. Swingline Commitment, the Dutch Swingline Commitment and/or
the Canadian Swingline Commitment.  
   Swingline Exposure   shall
mean, with respect to any Lender, at any time, such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage
under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of the Swingline Loans
outstanding at such time under such Subfacility or Subfacilities.  
   Swingline Lender   shall
mean the U.S. Swingline Lender, the Dutch Swingline Lender and/or the Canadian
Swingline Lender.  
   Swingline Loan   shall
mean U.S. Swingline Loans, Dutch Swingline Loans and/or Canadian Swingline
Loans.  
   Swingline Note   shall
mean U.S. Swingline Notes, Dutch Swingline Notes and/or Canadian Swingline
Notes.  
   Swiss Francs   or  Fr.  shall
mean the lawful currency of Switzerland.  
   Taxes   shall mean any and
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, fees,
assessments, liabilities or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority,
including any interest, penalties and additions to tax with respect thereto.
 
   Test Period   shall mean
each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company (in each case
taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been (or
were required to be) delivered pursuant to  Section 8.01 .  
   Threshold Amount   shall mean
$20,000,000.  
    Total Excess
Availability   shall mean, at any time, the amount equal to (i) the Line Cap
at such time  minus  (ii) the sum of, without duplication (A) the Dollar
Equivalent of the aggregate Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans then outstanding
and (B) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. 
    Transaction   shall mean,
collectively, (i) the execution, delivery and entering into of the Credit
Documents and the incurrence of Loans on the Closing Date, (ii) the repayment of
the  Obligations  under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreements and
(iii) the payment of all Transaction Costs.  
   Transaction Costs   shall
mean the fees, premiums and expenses payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries
in connection with the transactions described in clauses (i) through (ii) of the
definition of the term  Transaction.   
   Treasury Capital Stock   shall
have the meaning provided in Section 9.03(b)(ii) .  
   Type   shall mean the type
of Loan determined with regard to the interest option applicable thereto,
 i.e ., whether a U.S. Base Rate Loan, Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Canadian
Base Rate Loan, Canadian Prime Loan, European Base Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent
Loan.  
   UCC   shall mean the
Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York from time to time;
 provided ,  however , that, at any time, if by reason of mandatory
provisions of any Requirement of Law, the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect
in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York governs, the term  UCC  shall
mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect, at such time, in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions relating to
such perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such
provisions.  
 -77-  

United States   and
  U.S.   shall each mean the United States of America.  
   Unreimbursed Amount   shall
have the meaning specified in  Section 2.13(d) .  
   Unrestricted Subsidiary  
shall mean (i) each Subsidiary of the Company listed on  Schedule 1.01A 
and (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company designated by the board of directors of
the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to  Section 8.14 
subsequent to the Closing Date;  provided ,  however , that no
Borrower shall be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary.  
   Unused Line Fee   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.05(a) .  
   Unused Line Fee Rate  
shall mean, for any day, (i) initially, a percentage per annum equal to 0.30%
and (ii) following the end of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing
Date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the following grid based
on the Average Usage under the applicable Subfacility as of the most recent
Adjustment Date:  

U.S. Administrative
Agent   shall have the meaning provided in the preamble hereto and any
successor thereto appointed pursuant to  Section 11.09 .  
   U.S. Base Rate   at any
time shall mean the highest of (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the rate which is 1/2 of
1% in excess of the Federal Funds Rate and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate for a
Eurocurrency Rate Loan with a one-month interest period commencing on such day
 plus  1.00% . For purposes of this definition, the Eurocurrency Rate shall
be determined using the Eurocurrency Rate as otherwise determined by the U.S.
Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Any
change in the U.S. Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Rate or such Eurocurrency Rate shall be effective as of the opening of
business on the day of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or
such Eurocurrency Rate, respectively.  
   U.S. Base Rate Loan  
shall mean each Revolving Loan which is designated or deemed designated as a
U.S. Base Rate Loan by the applicable U.S. Borrower at the time of the
incurrence thereof or conversion thereto.  
   U.S. Borrowers   shall
mean the U.S. Parent Borrower and each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that
executes a counterpart hereto and to any other applicable Credit Document to
become a Borrower, whether on the Closing Date or after the Closing Date in
accordance with  Section 2.21 .  
   U.S. Borrowing Base  
shall mean, at the time of any determination, an amount equal to the sum of the
Dollar amount (for this purpose, using the Dollar Equivalent of amounts not
denominated in Dollars), without duplication, of  
 
(a)     (I) 85% of the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of Eligible U.S. Accounts (other than Eligible Insured and
Letter of Credit Backed Accounts) at such time  plus  (II) 90% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Insured and Letter of
Credit Backed Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers at such time;  plus   
 -78-  

(b)     the lesser of (i) 70% of the lesser
of the Cost or Fair Market Value of Eligible U.S. Inventory at such time and
(ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible U.S. Inventory at such
time;  plus   
 
(c)     the lesser of (x) 75% of the
appraised Fair Market Value of Eligible U.S. Real Estate (the   U.S. Real
Estate Component  ),  plus  85% of the appraised Net Orderly Liquidation
Value of the Eligible U.S. Equipment (the   U.S. Equipment Component  ),
and (y) $50,000,000 (taken together with amounts included in the Canadian
Borrowing Base pursuant to clause (c) thereof) (the   U.S. Fixed Asset
Amount    provided  that, commencing with the Borrowing Base
calculation delivered for June 30, 2016: (i) the U.S. Real Estate Component
shall be reduced quarterly based on a 15-year straight-line depreciation
schedule, (ii) the U.S. Equipment Component shall be reduced quarterly based on
a 7-year straight-line depreciation schedule and (iii) the U.S. Fixed Asset
Amount, shall be reduced quarterly pursuant to the depreciation schedule set
forth as  Schedule 1.01D  hereto;  provided,  further, that, if a
Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event occurs and the Company chooses to have the U.S.
Borrowing Base calculated based on the updated information set forth in the
relevant Appraisals (and including only the Eligible Equipment and Eligible
Fee-Owned Real Estate so appraised), then, commencing with the Borrowing Base
calculation delivered immediately after the date of such Fixed Asset Reappraisal
Event until such time as a further additional Appraisal is completed, if ever,
on the applicable assets, the amortization of the U.S. Real Estate Component and
the U.S. Equipment Component shall be reset so that (i) the U.S. Real Estate
Component shall be reduced quarterly based on a 15-year straight-line
depreciation schedule commencing with the first full fiscal quarter to occur
after the date of any such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event and the U.S. Equipment
Component shall be reduced quarterly based on a 7-year straight-line
depreciation schedule commencing with the first full fiscal quarter to occur
after the date of any such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event and (ii) the U.S. Fixed
Asset Amount shall be reduced pursuant to an updated depreciation schedule
commencing with the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the date of any
such Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event of the type set forth as Schedule 1.01D,
which will reflect the then current mix of Eligible U.S. Real Estate and
Eligible U.S. Equipment;  plus   
 
(d)     100% of the unrestricted Borrowing
Base Cash Equivalents of the U.S. Borrowers (to the extent held in Deposit
Accounts in the United States (x) maintained with BANA and (y) subject to
Deposit Account Control Agreements in favor of the Collateral Agent);
 plus   
 
(e)     if a Borrowing Base Reallocation
Notice is delivered by the Company, a portion of the positive amount, if any, by
which the Canadian Borrowing Base and the Dutch Borrowing Base exceed the total
Canadian Revolving Exposure and/or Dutch Revolving Exposure of all Lenders on
the date of such delivery, may be reallocated to the U.S. Borrowing Base;
 provided  that a Borrowing Base Reallocation Notice may only be delivered
once in any calendar month, and shall set forth the requested reallocation of
available Borrowing Base among Subfacilities, and which reallocation shall
become effective upon confirmation by the Administrative Agent that such
reallocation would not cause the Revolving Exposure under any Subfacility to
exceed the Borrowing Base for the applicable Subfacility, and which reallocation
shall remain effective thereafter until such time, if any, as a new Borrowing
Base Reallocation Notice is received and has become effective;  minus  
 -79-  

(f)     the portion of the U.S. Borrowing
Base, if any, that is reallocated to the Canadian Borrowing Base and/or the
Dutch Borrowing Base pursuant to clause  
 
(g)     of the definition of the term
 Canadian Borrowing Base  and/or clause (c) of the definition of the term  Dutch
Borrowing Base,  respectively;  minus  (g) any Reserves established or
modified from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its
Permitted Discretion in accordance with  Section 2.22 ;  
 The U.S. Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by
reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 8.15(a) , adjusted as necessary
(pending the delivery of a new Borrowing Base Certificate) to reflect the impact
of any Significant Asset Sale or the acquisition of any assets in a Permitted
Acquisition or similar Investment (or any event or circumstance which, pursuant
to the eligibility rules set forth in the definitions of Eligible Account,
Eligible Equipment, Eligible Inventory, Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit
Backed Accounts or Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate, renders any such Account,
Equipment, Inventory or Real Property eligible or ineligible for inclusion in
the U.S. Borrowing Base after delivery of the most recent Borrowing Base
Certificate). The Administrative Agent shall have the right (but no obligation)
to review the computations in any Borrowing Base Certificate and if such
computations have not been calculated in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, in consultation with
the Company, to correct any such errors in such manner as it shall reasonably
determine and the Administrative Agent will notify the Company promptly in
writing after making any such correction.  
   U.S. Collateral   shall
mean all the  Collateral  (or equivalent term) as defined in the U.S. Security
Agreement and all other property (whether real, personal or otherwise) with
respect to which any security interests have been granted (or purported to be
granted) by any U.S. Credit Parties pursuant to any U.S. Security Document.  
   U.S. Collection Account   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(ii) .  
   U.S. Collection Bank   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(ii) .  
   U.S. Credit Party   shall
mean each U.S. Borrower and each U.S. Subsidiary Guarantor.  
   U.S. Dilution Reserve   shall
mean, at any date, (i) the amount by which the consolidated Dilution Ratio of
Eligible U.S. Accounts exceeds five percent (5%) multiplied by (ii) the Eligible
U.S. Accounts on such date.  
   U.S. Dollars   or
  Dollars   and the sign   $   shall each mean freely transferable
lawful money (expressed in dollars) of the United States.  
   U.S. Dominion Account   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.15(c)(i) .  
   U.S. Equipment Component  
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  U.S. Borrowing
Base .  
   U.S. Fixed Asset Amount  
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term  U.S. Borrowing
Base .  
   U.S. Issuing Bank   shall
mean, as the context may require, (a) BANA or any Affiliate of BANA with respect
to Letters of Credit issued by it; (b) any other Lender that may become an
Issuing Bank pursuant to  Sections 2.13(i)  and  2.13(k) , with
respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender; (c) with respect to any Existing Letter of Credit set forth on Part C of
 Schedule 1.01B , the Lender which is the issuer of such Existing Letter of
Credit or (d) collectively, all of the foregoing.  
 -80-  

U.S. LC Credit Extension  
shall mean, with respect to any U.S. Letter of Credit, the issuance, amendment
or renewal thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of
the amount thereof.  
   U.S. LC Disbursement  
shall mean a payment or disbursement made by a U.S. Issuing Bank pursuant to a
U.S. Letter of Credit.  
   U.S. LC Documents   shall
mean all documents, instruments and agreements delivered by a U.S. Borrower or
any other Person to a U.S. Issuing Bank or the U.S. Administrative Agent in
connection with any U.S. Letter of Credit.  
   U.S. LC Exposure   shall
mean at any time the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Stated Amount of all
outstanding U.S. Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal
amount of all U.S. LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed at such
time. The U.S. LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean its
Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate U.S. LC Exposure at such time.  
   U.S. LC Obligations  
shall mean the sum (without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the U.S.
Borrower in respect of any U.S. LC Disbursements (including any payment
obligations arising therefrom); and (b) the Stated Amount of all outstanding
U.S. Letters of Credit.  
   U.S. LC Sublimit   shall mean
$50,000,000.  
   U.S. Letter of Credit  
shall mean any letters of credit issued or to be issued by a U.S. Issuing Bank
under the U.S. Subfacility for the account of the U.S. Borrowers pursuant to
 Section 2.13 .  
   U.S. Line Cap   shall
mean, at any time, an amount that is equal to the lesser of (a) the U.S.
Revolving Commitments and (b) the U.S. Borrowing Base.  
   U.S. Parent Borrower  
shall have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto and shall include, if
applicable, any Successor U.S. Parent Borrower.  
   U.S. Protective Advance   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.18 .  
   U.S. Real Estate
Component   shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term
 U.S. Borrowing Base .  
   U.S. Revolving Borrowing  
shall mean a Borrowing comprised of U.S. Revolving Loans.  
   U.S. Revolving Commitment  
shall mean, with respect to each U.S. Revolving Lender, the commitment, if any,
of such Lender to make U.S. Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth
and opposite such Lender s name on  Schedule 2.01  under the caption  U.S.
Revolving Commitment,  or in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to
which such Lender assumed its U.S. Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the
same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.07 , (b)
reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.20  and (c)
reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such
Lender pursuant to  Section 12.04 . The aggregate amount of the Lenders 
U.S. Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date is $260,000,000.  
 -81-  

U.S. Revolving Exposure  
shall mean, with respect to any U.S. Revolving Lender at any time, the aggregate
principal amount at such time of all outstanding U.S. Revolving Loans of such
Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s U.S. LC
Exposure, plus the aggregate amount at such of such Lender s U.S. Swingline
Exposure.  
   U.S. Revolving Lender   shall
mean any Lender under the U.S. Subfacility.  
   U.S. Revolving Loans  
shall mean advances made to or at the request of a U.S. Borrower pursuant to
 Section 2.01(i)  hereof under the U.S. Subfacility.  
   U.S. Revolving Note  
shall mean each revolving note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-1 
hereto.  
   U.S. Security Agreement  
shall mean the U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and
between the Collateral Agent and each of the U.S. Credit Parties.  
   U.S. Security Documents  
shall mean the U.S. Security Agreement and, after the execution and delivery
thereof, each Mortgage executed and delivered by any U.S. Credit Party with
respect to any Real Property of such U.S. Credit Party and each other document
executed and delivered by any U.S. Credit Party pursuant to which a Lien is
granted (or purported to be granted) in favor of the Collateral Agent to secure
the Obligations, and each document, if any, executed and delivered by any U.S.
Credit Party pursuant to the Additional Account Security Actions.  
   U.S. Subfacility   shall have
the meaning provided in the recitals hereto.  
   U.S. Subsidiary
Guarantor   shall mean each Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (other than the
U.S. Borrowers) in existence on the Closing Date (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary), as well as each Domestic Restricted Subsidiary established, created
or acquired after the Closing Date which becomes a party to this Agreement as a
Guarantor in accordance with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.  
   U.S. Swingline
Commitment   shall mean the commitment of the U.S. Swingline Lender to make
loans under the U.S. Subfacility pursuant to  Section 2.12 , as the same
may be reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.07 .  
   U.S. Swingline Exposure  
shall mean, at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all
outstanding U.S. Swingline Loans. The U.S. Swingline Exposure of any U.S.
Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the
aggregate U.S. Swingline Exposure at such time.  
   U.S. Swingline Lender  
shall mean BANA and its permitted successors and permitted assigns.  
   U.S. Swingline Loan   shall
mean any Loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to  Section 2.12 .  
   U.S. Swingline Note  
shall mean each swingline note substantially in the form of  Exhibit B-4 
hereto.  
   U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 4.01(c) .  
   Voting Stock   of any
Person as of any date shall mean the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the
time entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board of Directors of
such Person.  
 -82-  

Weekly Reporting Event  
shall mean the occurrence of a date when (a) Total Excess Availability shall
have been less than the greater of (i) 15% of the Line Cap and (ii) $30,000,000,
in either case at any time, until such date as (b) Total Excess Availability
shall have been at least equal to the greater of (i) 15% of the Line Cap and
(ii) $30,000,000 for a period of 30 consecutive calendar days.  
   Weighted Average Life to
Maturity   shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the
number of years obtained by dividing (i) the then outstanding principal amount
of such Indebtedness into (ii) the product obtained by multiplying (x) the
amount of each then remaining installment or other required scheduled payments
of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (y)
the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse
between such date and the making of such payment.  
   Wholly-Owned Domestic
Subsidiary   shall mean, as to any Person, any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
such Person which is a Domestic Subsidiary of such person.  
   Wholly-Owned Foreign
Subsidiary   shall mean, as to any Person, any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
such Person which is a Foreign Subsidiary of such Person.  
   Wholly-Owned Restricted
Subsidiary   shall mean, as to any Person, any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
such Person which is a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person.  
   Wholly-Owned Subsidiary  
shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any corporation 100% of whose Capital Stock is
at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of
such Person and (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture or other entity
in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person
owns 100% of the Equity Interests at such time (other than, in the case of a
Foreign Subsidiary with respect to preceding clauses (i) or (ii), director s
qualifying shares and/or other nominal amounts of shares required to be held by
Persons other than the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary under applicable
Requirements of Law).  
   Write-Down and Conversion
Powers   shall mean, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the
write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to
time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which
write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule.  
   WURA   shall mean the
Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), as amended.  
 1.02.    
 Terms Generally . The definitions in  Section 1.01  shall apply
equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.  The word  will 
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall  and
the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed as having the same meaning
and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and
properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. The words
 herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be
construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement unless the context shall otherwise require. All
references herein to Articles, Sections, paragraphs, clauses, subclauses,
Exhibits and Schedules shall be deemed references to Articles, Sections,
paragraphs, clauses and subclauses of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this
Agreement unless the context shall otherwise require. Unless otherwise expressly
provided herein, (a) all references to documents, instruments, agreements
(including the Credit Documents and organizational documents) and other
Contractual Requirements shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments,
restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such
amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements and other
modifications are not prohibited by any Credit Document and (b) references to
any Requirement of Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions
consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such
Requirement of Law. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times
of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as
applicable).  
 -83-  

1.03.    
 Uniform Commercial Code and PPSA . As used herein, the following terms are
defined in accordance with the UCC in effect in the State of New York (and with
respect to any Canadian Credit Party, such definition or correlative terms (if
existing) under the PPSA shall be defined in accordance with the PPSA) from time
to time:  Chattel Paper,   Contract,   control,   Deposit Account  (which shall
specifically include any Account with a deposit function),  Document  ( document
of title  as defined in the PPSA),  Equipment,   General Intangibles
( intangibles  as defined in the PPSA),   Location  and  Instrument.   
 1.04.    
 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalent . 
 (a)     The
Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall use the Spot
Rates as of each Revaluation Date for the purpose of calculating Dollar
Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in
Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such
Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts
between the applicable currencies for such purposes until the next Revaluation
Date to occur. The Company shall report value and other Borrowing Base
components to the Administrative Agent in the currency invoiced by the Credit
Parties or shown in the Company s financial records, and, shall deliver
financial statements and calculate financial covenants in Dollars.  
 (b)    
Wherever in this Agreement (in connection with a Borrowing, conversion,
continuation or prepayment of a Revolving Loan or the issuance, amendment or
extension of a Letter of Credit), an amount, such as a required minimum or
multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Revolving Loan or
Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be
the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to
the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded
upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the
case may be, based on the then applicable Spot Rate.  
 (c)     The
Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the
Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration,
submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of the
term  Eurocurrency Rate  or with respect to any comparable or successor rate
thereto.  
 1.05.    
 Interpretation (Quebec) . For purposes of any Collateral located in the
Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Credit
Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or
construction of a Credit Document may be subject to the Requirements of Law of
the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the
Province of Quebec, (a)  personal property  shall be deemed to include  movable
property,  (b)  real property  shall be deemed to include  immovable property, 
(c)  tangible property  shall be deemed to include  corporeal property,  (d)
 intangible property  shall be deemed to include  incorporeal property,  (e)
 security interest,   mortgage  and  lien  shall be deemed to include a
 hypothec,   prior claim  and a  resolutory clause,  (f) all references to
filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to
include publication under the Civil Code of Quebec, (g) all references to
 perfection  of or  perfected  Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to
an  opposable  or  set up  Liens as against third parties, (h) any  right of
offset,   right of setoff  or similar expression shall be deemed to include a
 right of compensation,  (i)  goods  shall be deemed to include
 corporeal movable property  other than Chattel Paper, documents of title,
instruments, money and securities, (j) an  agent  shall be deemed to include a
 mandatary,  (k)  construction liens  shall be deemed to include  legal
hypothecs,  (l)  joint and several  shall be deemed to include  solidary,  (m)
 gross negligence or willful misconduct  shall be deemed to be  intentional or
gross fault,  (n)  beneficial ownership  shall be deemed to include  ownership
on behalf of another as mandatary,  (o)  easement  shall be deemed to include
 servitude,  (p)  priority  shall be deemed to include  prior claim,  (q)
 survey  shall be deemed to include  certificate of location and plan,  (r)  fee
simple title  shall be deemed to include  absolute ownership  and (s)  ground
lease  shall be deemed to include  emphyteutic lease.  The parties hereto
confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement and any other document
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated herein be drawn up in
the English language only (except if another language is required under any
applicable Requirement of Law) and that all other documents contemplated
thereunder or relating thereto, including notices, may also be drawn up in the
English language only. Les parties aux pr sentes confirment que c est leur
volont  que cette convention et les autres documents de cr dit soient r dig s en
langue anglaise seulement et que tous les documents, y compris tous avis,
envisag s par cette convention et les autres documents peuvent  tre r dig s en
langue anglaise seulement (sauf si une autre langue est requise en vertu d une
loi applicable).  
 -84-  

1.06.    
 Currency Fluctuations . 
 (a)     If at
any time following one or more fluctuations in the exchange rate of an
Alternative Currency against the Dollar, (a) the Dollar Equivalent of Revolving
Exposure exceeds the Line Cap, or (b) the Dollar Equivalent any part of the
Revolving Exposure (including any Subfacility) exceeds any other limit set forth
herein for such Revolving Exposure, the Company shall within three (3) Business
Days of written notice of same from the Administrative Agent or, if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, within 1 Business Day after written
notice of the same from the Administrative Agent (i) make the necessary payments
or repayments to reduce such Revolving Exposure to an amount necessary to
eliminate such excess or (ii) maintain or cause to be maintained with the
Administrative Agent deposits in an amount equal to or greater than the amount
of such excess, such deposits to be maintained in such form and upon such terms
as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Without in any way
limiting the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent shall, weekly or
more frequently in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, make the
necessary Spot Rate calculations to determine whether any such excess exists on
such date.  
 (b)     For
purposes of any determination under Section 8, Section 9 (other than  Section
9.12 ) or Section 10 or any determination under any other provision of this
Agreement (other than as specifically set forth in  Section 1.04  or
 Section 1.06(a) ) requiring the use of a current exchange rate, all
amounts Incurred or proposed to be Incurred in currencies other than Dollars
shall be translated into Dollars at the Spot Rate then in effect on the date of
such determination;  provided ,  however , that (x) for purposes of
determining compliance with Section 9 with respect to the amount of any
Indebtedness, Lien, Investment, Asset Sale (or other disposition of property of
assets permitted by this Agreement), Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior
Debt Prepayment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default
shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of
exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness, Lien or Investment is
Incurred or Asset Sale (or other disposition of property of assets permitted by
this Agreement), Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment is
made, (y) for purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated
restriction on the Incurrence of Indebtedness, if such Indebtedness is Incurred
as Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Indebtedness denominated in a
foreign currency, and such Incurrence of Refinancing Indebtedness would cause
the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at
the relevant currency Spot Rate in effect on the date of the Incurrence of such
Refinancing Indebtedness, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed
not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount
of such Indebtedness being refinanced, except by an amount equal to the accrued
interest and premium thereon plus other amounts paid and fees and expenses
incurred in connection with such Incurrence of Refinancing Indebtedness plus an
amount equal to any existing commitment unutilized and letters of credit undrawn
thereunder and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this
 Section 1.06(b)  shall otherwise apply to such Sections, including with
respect to determining whether any Indebtedness, Lien or Investment may be
Incurred or any Asset Sale (or other disposition of property of assets permitted
by this Agreement), Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment may
be made at any time under such Sections. For purposes of  Section 9.12 ,
amounts in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the
applicable exchange rates used in preparing the most recently delivered Section
8.01 Financials.  
 -85-  

1.07.    
 Interpretation (the Netherlands) . For purposes of this Agreement, in case
reference is made to a Dutch Credit Party and for all other purposes pursuant to
which the interpretation or construction of a Credit Document may be subject to
the Requirements of Law of the Netherlands, (a) a necessary action to authorise,
where applicable, includes without limitation: (i) any action required to comply
with the Dutch Works Council Act ( Wet op de ondernemingsraden ) and (ii)
obtaining unconditional positive, conditional positive or neutral advice
( advies ) from each competent works council, which if conditional,
contains conditions which, if complied with, are not reasonably likely to cause
a breach with any terms of any of the Credit Documents; (b) a winding-up,
administration or dissolution includes a Dutch entity being: (i) declared
bankrupt ( failliet verklaard ) and (ii) dissolved ( ontbonden ); (c)
a (provisional) moratorium includes  (voorlopige)   surseance van
betaling  and granted a (provisional) moratorium includes  (voorlopige) 
surseance  verleend ; (d) a trustee in bankruptcy includes a
 curator ; (e) an administrator includes a  bewindvoerder ; (f) a
receiver or an administrative receiver does not include a  curator  or
 bewindvoerder ; and (g) an attachment includes a  beslag . In
relation to a Dutch Deposit Account, control means a disclosed right of pledge
( openbaar pandrecht ) over such Deposit Account granted to the Collateral
Agent and without the Collateral Agent as pledgee authorizing the relevant
pledgor ( pandgever ) to collect payments as referred to in provision 3:246
subsection 4 of the Dutch Civil Code ( Burgerlijk Wetboek ).  
 1.08.    
 Additional Alternative Currencies . 
 (a)     The
Company may from time to time request that Eurocurrency Rate Loans be made
and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically
listed in the definition of the term  Alternative Currency   provided 
that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is
readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars. In the
case of any such request with respect to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans,
such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of
Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the
Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank.  
 (b)     Any
such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00
a.m., Local Time, 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit
Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative
Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the
Issuing Bank, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request
pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly
notify each Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to
Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Issuing
Bank thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to
Eurocurrency Rate Loans) or the Issuing Bank (in the case of a request
pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not
later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, ten Business Days after receipt of such
request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may
be, in such requested currency.  
 -86-  

(c)     Any
failure by a Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to respond to such
request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be
deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be,
to permit Eurocurrency Rate Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued
in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders
consent to making Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency, the
Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and such currency shall
thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for
purposes of any Committed Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans; and if the
Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank consent to the issuance of Letters of
Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the
Company and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an
Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances.
If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an
additional currency under this  Section 1.08 , the Administrative Agent
shall promptly so notify the Company. 
 1.09.    
 Change of Currency . 
 (a)     Each
obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national
currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as
its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at
the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member
state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect
of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the
London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the
Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with
effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful
currency;  provided  that if any Borrowing in the currency of such member
state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take
effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest
Period.  
 (b)     Each
provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of
construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the
European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the
Euro. 
 (c)     Each
provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of
construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be
appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any
relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.
 
 1.10.    
 Letter of Credit Amounts .  
 Unless otherwise specified
herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the
Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at
such time;  provided ,  however , that with respect to any Letter of
Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any LC Document related thereto,
provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the
amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of
the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all
such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such
time.  
 1.11.    
 Accounting Terms .  
 (a)     All
accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be
construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios
and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this
Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the
Historical Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed
herein;  provided ,  however , that if the Company notifies the
Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision
hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in
GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the
Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an
amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any
such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application
thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in
effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective
until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in
accordance herewith.  
 -87-  

(b)     Where
reference is made to  the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a
consolidated basis  or similar language, such consolidation shall not include
any Subsidiaries of the Company other than Restricted Subsidiaries.  
 (c)    
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (i) all terms of an
accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all
computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without
giving effect to any election under the Financial Accounting Standards Board s
Accounting Standards Codification No. 825 Financial Instruments, or any
successor thereto (including pursuant to the Accounting Standards Codification),
to value any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary at  fair value  as
defined therein and (ii) all leases and obligations under any leases of any
Person that are or would be characterized as operating leases and/or operating
lease obligations in accordance with GAAP on January 1, 2016 (whether or not
such operating leases and/or operating lease obligations were in effect on such
date) shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases and/or operating
lease obligations (and not as capital leases and/or Capitalized Lease
Obligations) for purposes of this Agreement regardless of any change in GAAP
following the date that would otherwise require such obligations to be
recharacterized as capital leases and/or Capitalized Lease Obligations.  
 (d)     For
the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any classification under GAAP of any
Person or business in respect of which a definitive agreement for the
disposition thereof has been entered into as discontinued operations, the Net
Income of such Person or business shall not be excluded from the calculation of
Net Income until such disposition shall have been consummated.  
 1.12.      Pro
Forma and Other Calculations .  
 (a)    
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, financial ratios and tests
(including measurements of Consolidated Total Assets or Consolidated EBITDA),
including the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this
 Section 1.12 . In addition, whenever a financial ratio or test is to be
calculated on a pro forma basis or requires pro forma compliance, the reference
to  Test Period  for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test shall
be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently ended
Test Period for which Section 8.01 Financials have been delivered.  
 (b)     For
purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test (including Consolidated
Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA), Investments, acquisitions, dispositions,
mergers, amalgamations, consolidations and discontinued operations (as
determined in accordance with GAAP) that have been made by the Company or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries during the applicable Test Period or subsequent to
such Test Period and on or prior to or simultaneously with the event for which
the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated on a pro forma
basis assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers,
amalgamations, consolidations and discontinued operations (and the change in any
associated fixed charge obligations and the change in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of
the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Assets or Investment
Cash Equivalents, on the last day of the applicable Test Period). If since the
beginning of such period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted
Subsidiary or was merged with or into the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries since the beginning of such period shall have made any Investment,
acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or discontinued
operation that would have required adjustment pursuant to this definition, then
such financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Total Assets and
Consolidated EBITDA) shall be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto for
such period as if such Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger,
amalgamation, consolidation or discontinued operation had occurred at the
beginning of the applicable Test Period.  
 -88-  

(c)    
Whenever pro forma effect is to be given to an Investment, acquisition,
disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or discontinued operation, the
pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or
accounting officer of the Company (and may include, for the avoidance of doubt,
cost savings and synergies resulting from such Investment, acquisition, merger,
amalgamation or consolidation which is being given pro forma effect that have
been or are expected to be realized;  provided  that any pro forma
adjustments in respect of cost savings and synergies shall (a) be reasonably
identifiable and factually supportable, (b) be limited to those which are
expected to be realized within 12 months of the applicable date of such
calculation and (c) not exceed, for any Test Period, an amount, when taken
together with the aggregate amounts added pursuant to clauses (d) and (m) of the
definition of the term  Consolidated EBITDA  for such Test Period, equal to 20%
of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period prior to giving effect to any
adjustments pursuant to this paragraph and clauses (d) and (m) of the definition
of the term  Consolidated EBITDA  for such Test Period). 
 (d)     In
the event that the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Incurs
(including by assumption or guarantee) or refinances (including by redemption,
repurchase, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness (other
than Indebtedness Incurred or refinanced under any revolving credit facility or
line of credit unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and not
replaced), in each case included in the calculations of any financial ratio or
test, (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) subsequent to the end of the
applicable Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which
the calculation of any such ratio is made, then such financial ratio or test
shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such Incurrence or refinancing of
Indebtedness, in each case to the extent required, as if the same had occurred
on the last day of the applicable Test Period (except in the case of the
Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, in which case such Incurrence or
refinancing of Indebtedness will be given effect, as if the same had occurred on
the first day of the applicable Test Period);  provided  that the foregoing
shall not apply to any calculation of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio pursuant to  Section 9.12 .  
 (e)     If
any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma
effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in
effect on date of the event for which the calculation of the Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio is made had been the applicable rate for the entire period
(taking into account any Hedging Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness)
and including for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio pursuant to  Section 9.12  prior to the first anniversary of the
Closing Date. Interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to
accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the
Company to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation
in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of making the computation referred to
above, interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility shall be
computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the
applicable period. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at
an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency
interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if
none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as the Company may designate. 
 -89-  

Section 2    
 Amount and Terms of Credit .  
 2.01.    
 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the
representations and warranties herein set forth, each Lender agrees, severally
and not jointly, to make (i) under the U.S. Subfacility, U.S. Revolving Loans to
the U.S. Borrowers, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving
Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding
that will not result in the Availability Conditions not being met; (ii) under
the Canadian Subfacility, Canadian Revolving Loans to the Canadian Borrowers, at
any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in the
Availability Conditions not being met; or (iii) under the Dutch Subfacility,
Dutch Revolving Loans to the Dutch Borrowers, at any time and from time to time
during the Revolving Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at
any time outstanding that will not result in the Availability Conditions not
being met. Revolving Loans will be available under each Subfacility in Dollars
and any Alternative Currency. Within the limits set forth above and subject to
the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrowers may
borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans under each applicable
Subfacility. All U.S. Borrowers shall be jointly and severally liable as
borrowers for all Borrowings under the U.S. Subfacility of each U.S. Borrower
regardless of which U.S. Borrower received the proceeds thereof. All Canadian
Borrowers shall be jointly and severally liable as borrowers for all Borrowings
under the Canadian Subfacility of each Canadian Borrower regardless of which
Canadian Borrower received the proceeds thereof. All Dutch Borrowers shall be
jointly and severally liable as borrowers for all Borrowings under the Dutch
Subfacility of each Dutch Borrower regardless of which Dutch Borrower received
the proceeds thereof.  
 2.02.    
 Loans .  
 (a)     Each
(i) U.S. Revolving Loan (other than U.S. Swingline Loans) shall be made as part
of a Borrowing consisting of U.S. Revolving Loans made by the U.S. Revolving
Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Percentage under the U.S Subfacility
of the applicable U.S. Revolving Commitments, (ii) Canadian Revolving Loan
(other than Canadian Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a Borrowing
consisting of Canadian Revolving Loans made by the Canadian Revolving Lenders in
accordance with their Pro Rata Percentage under the Canadian Subfacility of the
Canadian Revolving Commitments, and (iii) Dutch Revolving Loan (other than Dutch
Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Dutch
Revolving Loans made by the Dutch Revolving Lenders in accordance with their Pro
Rata Percentage under the Dutch Subfacility of the Dutch Revolving Commitments;
 provided  that the failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall not in
itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being
understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any
other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender). Except
for Loans deemed made pursuant to  Section 2.02(f) , Loans (other than
Swingline Loans, Canadian Prime Loans and Base Rate Loans) comprising any
Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple
of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum or (ii) equal
to the remaining available balance of the applicable Revolving Commitments. Any
Loan to a Dutch Borrower shall at all times be provided by a Lender that is a
Non-Public Lender. 
 (b)    
Subject to  Section 3.01 , (i) each Borrowing of U.S. Revolving Loans shall
be made to U.S. Borrowers only and shall be made as either U.S. Base Rate Loans
or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (ii) each Borrowing of Canadian Revolving Loans
shall be made to Canadian Borrowers only and shall be made as either B/A
Equivalent Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans or
Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (iii) each Borrowing of Dutch Revolving Loans shall be
made to Dutch Borrowers only and shall be made as either European Base Rate
Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (iv) each Borrowing of Loans denominated in
Dollars shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate
Loans, (v) each Borrowing of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be
comprised entirely of Canadian Prime Loans, B/A Equivalent Loans or Eurocurrency
Rate Loans, (vi) each Borrowing of Loans denominated in Euro, Pounds Sterling
and Swiss Francs shall be comprised entirely of European Base Rate Loans or
Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (vii) each Borrowing of Loans denominated in other
Alternative Currencies shall be comprised entirely of B/A Equivalent Loans,
European Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, in each case as the
Relevant Borrower may request pursuant to  Section 2.03 . Each applicable
Lender may at its option make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch
or Affiliate of such Lender to fund on such Lender s behalf;  provided  that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the
Borrowers to repay such Loan to each applicable Lender in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement or cause the Borrowers to pay additional amounts
pursuant to  Section 3.01 . Borrowings of more than one Type may be
outstanding at the same time;  provided ,  further , that the
Borrowers shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, would
result in more than fifteen Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or ten
Borrowings of B/A Equivalent Loans outstanding hereunder at any one time (which
number of Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and/or B/A Equivalent Loans may
be increased or adjusted by agreement between the Company and the Administrative
Agent in connection with any Revolving Commitment Increase or Extended Revolving
Loans/Extended Revolving Commitments). For purposes of the foregoing, Borrowings
having different Interest Periods or Contract Periods, regardless of whether
they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings.  
 -90-  

(c)    
Except with respect to Loans made pursuant to  Section 2.02(f) , each
Lender shall make each Loan (other than Swingline Loans) to be made by it
hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available
funds as the Administrative Agent may designate not later than 2:00 p.m., Local
Time, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly credit the amounts so received
to an account as directed by the Relevant Borrower in the applicable Notice of
Borrowing maintained with the Administrative Agent or, if a Borrowing shall not
occur on such date because any condition precedent herein specified shall not
have been met or waived, return the amounts so received to the respective
Lenders.  
 (d)    
Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior
to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the
Administrative Agent such Lender s portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative
Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the
Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with paragraph
(c) above, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to the Relevant Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available then, to the extent
that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the
Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Relevant Borrower severally agree to
repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made
available to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the
Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of a Borrower, as applicable, the
interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing and
(ii) in the case of such Lender, for the first such day, the Federal Funds Rate
(for Dollars), the Bank of Canada Overnight Rate (for Canadian Dollars) or a
rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation (for other Alternative Currencies), and for each
day thereafter, the U.S. Base Rate (for Borrowings under the U.S. Subfacility
denominated in Dollars), the Canadian Base Rate (for Borrowings under the
Canadian Subfacility denominated in Dollars), the Canadian Prime Rate (for
Canadian Dollars) or the European Base Rate (for other Alternative Currencies).
 
 -91-  

(e)    
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be
entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the
Interest Period or Contract Period requested with respect thereto would end
after the Maturity Date.  
 (f)     If an
Issuing Bank shall not have received from the Relevant Borrower the payment
required to be made by  Section 2.13(e)  within the time specified in such
Section, such Issuing Bank will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the
LC Disbursement and the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each
applicable Revolving Lender of such LC Disbursement and its Pro Rata Percentage
thereof under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities. Each such Revolving
Lender shall pay by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the
Administrative Agent on such date (or, if such Revolving Lender shall have
received such notice later than 12:00 (noon), Local Time, on any day, not later
than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on the immediately following Business Day), an
amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities of such LC Disbursement (it being understood that
the Dollar Equivalent such amount shall be deemed to constitute a Base Rate Loan
(for LC Disbursements denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency (other
than Canadian Dollars)) or a Canadian Prime Loan (for LC Disbursements
denominated in Canadian Dollars) of such Lender, and such payment shall be
deemed to have reduced the applicable LC Exposure), and the Administrative Agent
will promptly pay to such Issuing Bank amounts so received by it from the
applicable Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the
applicable Issuing Bank any amounts received by it from the applicable Borrower
pursuant to  Section 2.13(e)  prior to the time that any Revolving Lender
makes any payment pursuant to this paragraph (f); any such amounts received by
the Administrative Agent thereafter will be promptly remitted by the
Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made such payments
and to the applicable Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear. If any
Revolving Lender shall not have made its Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of such LC Disbursement available to the
Administrative Agent as provided above, such Lender and the Relevant Borrower,
as applicable, severally agree to pay interest on such amount, for each day from
and including the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with
this paragraph (f) to but excluding the date such amount is paid, to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank at (i) in
the case of the Relevant Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate
applicable to Revolving Loans pursuant to  Section 2.06(a) , and (ii) in
the case of such Lender, for the first such day, the Federal Funds Rate (for
Dollars), the Bank of Canada Overnight Rate (for Canadian Dollars) or a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules
on interbank compensation (for other Alternative Currencies), and for each day
thereafter, the U.S. Base Rate (for LC Disbursements under the U.S. Subfacility
denominated in Dollars), the Canadian Base Rate (for LC Disbursements under the
Canadian Subfacility denominated in Dollars), the Canadian Prime Rate (for
Canadian Dollars) or the European Base Rate (for other Alternative Currencies).
 
 2.03.    
 Borrowing Procedure . To request a Revolving Borrowing under the U.S.
Subfacility, Canadian Subfacility or Dutch Subfacility, the Relevant Borrower
shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telecopy or electronic
transmission (i) in the case of a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, not
later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time (or with respect to the Dutch Subfacility,
11:00 a.m., Local Time), three Business Days before the date of the proposed
Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans (other than
Swingline Loans), not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the Business Day of
the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of a Borrowing of B/A Equivalent
Loans, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, three Business Days before the
date of the proposed Borrowing, (iv) in the case of a Borrowing of Canadian Base
Rate Loans (other than Canadian Swingline Loans), not later than 12:00 p.m.,
Local Time, on the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing, (v) in the case of a
Borrowing of Canadian Prime Loans (other than Canadian Swingline Loans and Dutch
Swingline Loans), not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the Business Day of
the proposed Borrowing or (vi) in the case of a Borrowing of European Base Rate
Loans (other than Dutch Swingline Loans), not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on the day of the proposed Borrowing. Each
such written Notice of Borrowing shall specify the following information in
compliance with  Section 2.02 :  
 -92-  

(a)     the aggregate amount of such
Borrowing;  
 
(b)     the date of such Borrowing, which
shall be a Business Day;  
 
(c)     whether such Borrowing is to be a
Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, a
Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans, a Borrowing of Canadian Prime Loans, a
Borrowing of B/A Equivalent Loans or a Borrowing of European Base Rate Loans;

(d)     in the case of a Borrowing of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans, the initial Interest Period or
Contract Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated
by the definition of the term  Interest Period  or  Contract Period,  as
applicable;  
 
(e)     the location and number of the
account to which funds are to be disbursed;  
 
(f)     the Subfacility under which the
Loans are to be borrowed;  
 
(g)     the currency of the Borrowing; and

(h)     that the conditions set forth in
 Section 5  or  Section 6 , as applicable, are satisfied or waived as
of the date of the notice.  
 If no election as to the Type of
Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Borrowing of
U.S. Base Rate Loans for U.S. Borrowers, of Canadian Prime Loans or Canadian
Base Rate Loans, as applicable, for the Canadian Borrowers, and of European Base
Rate Loans for Dutch Borrowers. If no Interest Period or Contract Period is
specified with respect to any requested Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or
B/A Equivalent Loans, then the Relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have
selected an Interest Period or Contract Period of one month s duration. If no
currency is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be made in Dollars for
U.S. Borrowers, Canadian Dollars for the Canadian Borrowers and Euro for Dutch
Borrowers. Promptly following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing in accordance
with this  Section 2.03 , the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender
of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as
part of the requested Borrowing.  
 2.04.    
 Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans .  
 (a)     Each
U.S. Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i)
to the Administrative Agent for the account of each U.S. Revolving Lender, the
then unpaid principal amount of each U.S. Revolving Loan of such U.S. Revolving
Lender and (ii) to each U.S. Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount
of each applicable Swingline Loan, in each case, on the Maturity Date. Each
Canadian Borrower jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to pay
(i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Canadian Revolving
Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Canadian Revolving Loan of such
Canadian Revolving Lender and (ii) to the Canadian Swingline Lender the then
unpaid principal amount of each applicable Canadian Swingline Loan, in each
case, on the Maturity Date. Each Dutch Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby
unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account
of each Dutch Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Dutch
Revolving Loan of such Dutch Revolving Lender, and (ii) to the Dutch Swingline
Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each applicable Dutch Swingline Loan,
in each case, on the Maturity Date.  
 -93-  

(b)     Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or
accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting
from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of
principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under
this Agreement. The Company shall be entitled to review records of such accounts
with prior reasonable notice during normal business hours.  
 (c)     The
Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the
amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof, the currency thereof and
the Interest Period or Contract Period applicable thereto; (ii) the amount of
any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
Borrowers to each Lender hereunder; and (iii) the amount of any sum received by
the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each
Lender s share thereof. The Company shall be entitled to review records of such
accounts with prior reasonable notice during normal business hours.  
 (d)     The
entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) above
shall be  prima facie  evidence of the existence and amounts of the
obligations therein recorded absent manifest error;  provided  that the
failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or
any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the
Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with their terms.  
 (e)     Any
Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In
such event, the Relevant Borrowers shall promptly prepare, execute and deliver
to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by
such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) substantially in the
form of  Exhibit B-1 ,  Exhibit B-2 ,  Exhibit B-3,   Exhibit
B-4 ,  Exhibit   B-5  or  Exhibit B-6  as applicable.  
 2.05.    
 Fees .  
 (a)    
 Unused Line Fee . With respect to each Subfacility, the Borrowers
thereunder shall, jointly and severally, pay to the applicable Administrative
Agent, for the account of the Lenders (other than any Defaulting Lender) under
such Subfacility, a fee in Dollars equal to the then applicable Unused Line Fee
Rate multiplied by the average daily amount by which the Revolving Commitments
(other than Revolving Commitments of a Defaulting Lender) under such Subfacility
exceed such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility of the
sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans (other than
Swingline Loans) then outstanding under such Subfacility and (ii) the aggregate
Stated Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit available to be drawn under such
Subfacility during any fiscal quarter (such fee, the   Unused Line Fee  ).
Such fee shall accrue commencing on the first day following the Closing Date
until the last day of the Revolving Availability Period, and will be payable in
arrears on each Adjustment Date and on the Maturity Date, commencing April 1,
2016. The Unused Line Fee shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days
and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed.  
 (b)    
 Administrative Agent Fees . The Borrowers, jointly and severally, agree to
pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees payable in the
amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the
Administrative Agent.  
 (c)      LC
and Fronting Fees . The Borrowers, jointly and severally, agree to pay (i) to
the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Revolving Lender a
participation fee (the   LC Participation Fee  ) in the applicable
currencies of such Revolving Lender s LC Exposure, which fee shall accrue at a
rate equal to the Applicable Margin from time to time used to determine the
interest rate on Eurocurrency Rate Loans pursuant to  Section 2.06 , on the
average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to
unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing
Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving
Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC
Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee (  Fronting Fee  ) in
the applicable currencies of such Issuing Bank s LC Exposure, which shall accrue
at the rate of 0.125% per annum (or such other amount as the Issuing Bank and
the Relevant Borrower may agree) on the outstanding daily amount of the LC
Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC
Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but
excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and
the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as each Issuing
Bank s standard and reasonable fees with respect to the issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings
thereunder as agreed among the Relevant Borrower and such Issuing Bank from time
to time. LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees accrued through and including
the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be
payable on each Adjustment Date and on the Maturity Date, commencing with April
1, 2016;  provided  that all such fees shall be payable on the date on
which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the
date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand
(including documentation reasonably supporting such request). Any other fees
payable to the Issuing Banks pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable on
demand (together with backup documentation supporting such reimbursement
request). All LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be computed on the
basis of a year of 360 days (or 365 days, in the case of such fees payable in
respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars outstanding under
the Canadian Subfacility) and shall be payable for the actual number of days
elapsed.  
 -94-  

(d)    
Subject to  Section 2.10(a) , all fees shall be paid on the dates due, in
immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if
and as appropriate, among the applicable Lenders (other than Defaulting
Lenders), except that the Fronting Fees shall be paid directly to each Issuing
Bank. Once paid, none of the fees shall be refundable under any circumstances.
 
 2.06.    
 Interest on Loans .  
 (a)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, including each U.S. Swingline Loan, shall
bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the U.S. Base Rate  plus  the
Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.  
 (b)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall bear interest at a rate per annum
equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such
Borrowing  plus  the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.  
 (c)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans, including each Canadian Swingline Loan
denominated in Dollars, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the
Canadian Base Rate  plus  the Applicable Margin in effect from time to
time.  
 (d)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of Canadian Prime Loans, including each Swingline Loan denominated in
Canadian Dollars shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian
Prime Rate  plus  the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.  
 (e)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of B/A Equivalent Loans shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal
to the Canadian B/A Rate for the Contract Period in effect for such Borrowing
 plus  the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.  
 -95-  

(f)    
Subject to the provisions of  Section 2.06(g) , the Loans comprising each
Borrowing of European Base Rate Loans, including each Dutch Swingline Loan
denominated in Dollars, Sterling, Swiss Francs or Euros, shall bear interest at
a rate per annum equal to the European Base Rate  plus  the Applicable
Margin in effect from time to time.  
 (g)    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default under  Section 10.01 
or  Section 10.05  shall have occurred and is continuing and any principal
of or interest on any Loan or any fees or other amount payable by the Borrowers
hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or
otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before
judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of,
or interest on, any Loan, 2.00%  plus  the rate otherwise applicable to
such Loan or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00% plus the rate
applicable to U.S. Base Rate Loans.  
 (h)    
Accrued interest on (x) each Base Rate Loan and Canadian Prime Loan shall be
payable in arrears on each Adjustment Date and on the Maturity Date commencing
with April 1, 2016 and (y) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and B/A Equivalent Loan
shall be payable on the last day of each Interest Period or Contract Period, as
applicable, and on the Maturity Date;  provided  that, if any Interest
Period or Contract Period, as applicable, exceeds three months, accrued interest
shall be payable on the respective dates that fall every three months after the
beginning of such Interest Period or Contract Period, and, in the case of
Revolving Loans, shall be payable on the last day of the Revolving Availability
Period;  provided  that (i) interest accrued pursuant to clause (g) of this
Section 2.06 shall be payable on demand and, absent demand, on each Adjustment
Date and upon termination of the Revolving Commitments, (ii) in the event of any
repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Base Rate Loan
or Canadian Prime Loan prior to the end of the Revolving Availability Period),
accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on
the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any
conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent Loan prior to the end
of the current Interest Period or Contract Period, as applicable, therefor,
accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such
conversion.  
 (i)     All
interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360
days, except that interest computed by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate,
Canadian Base Rate, European Base Rate Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling or
Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling shall be computed on the
basis of a year of 365 days, and in each case shall be payable for the actual
number of days elapsed.  
 (j)     For
purposes of the  Interest Act  (Canada), (i) whenever any interest or fee
under this Agreement is calculated using a rate based on a year of 360 days or
any other period of time that is less than a calendar year, the rate determined
pursuant to such calculation, when expressed as an annual rate, is equivalent to
(x) the applicable rate based on a year of 360 days or any other period, (y)
multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which the period
for which such interest is payable (or compounded) ends and (z) divided by 360,
or such other period of time that is less than the calendar year, (ii) the
principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest
calculation under this Agreement and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated in
this Agreement are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or
yields.  
 (k)    
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any
other Credit Document, solely to the extent that a court of competent
jurisdiction finally determines that the calculation or determination of
interest or any fee payable by the Canadian Borrowers in respect of the
Obligations of the Canadian Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents shall be governed by or subject to the Requirements of Law of
any jurisdiction of Canada or the federal Requirements of Law of Canada, in no
event shall the aggregate  interest  (as defined in Section 347 of the Criminal Code, R.S.C. 1985, c. C-46, as the same shall be
amended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time) payable by the Canadian
Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or
any other Credit Document exceed the effective annual rate of interest on the
 credit advanced  (as defined in that section) under this Agreement or such
other Credit Document lawfully permitted under that section and, if any payment,
collection or demand pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document in
respect of  interest  (as defined in that section) is determined to be contrary
to the provisions of that section, such payment, collection or demand shall be
deemed to have been made by mutual mistake of the Administrative Agent, the
applicable Lenders and the Canadian Credit Parties and the amount of such
payment or collection shall be refunded by the Administrative Agent and such
Lenders to the Canadian Borrowers. For the purposes of this Agreement and each
other Credit Document to which any Canadian Borrowers are a party, the effective
annual rate of interest payable by the Canadian Borrowers shall be determined in
accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles over the
term of the Loans on the basis of annual compounding for the lawfully permitted
rate of interest and, in the event of dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the
Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by and for the account of the Canadian
Borrowers will be conclusive for the purpose of such determination in the
absence of evidence to the contrary.  
 -96-  

2.07.    
 Termination and Reduction of Commitments .  
 (a)    
Except as otherwise provided in  Section 2.19 , the Revolving Commitments,
the Swingline Commitment, and the LC Commitment shall automatically terminate on
the Maturity Date.  
 (b)     The
Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments
under any Subfacility;  provided  that (i) any such reduction shall be in
an amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple, (ii) the
Commitments under any Subfacility shall not be terminated or reduced if, after
giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans under such Subfacility
in accordance with  Section 2.09 , the Revolving Exposures under such
Subfacility would exceed the Commitments under such Subfacility and (iii) the
North American Minimum Requirement shall be met.  
 (c)     In
the event that the Dutch Parent Borrower consolidates, amalgamates, merges with
or into or winds up into, or sells, assigns, transfers, leases, conveys or
otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in
one or more related transactions, to any Person other than in accordance with
clauses (i) through (v) of Section 9.11(b) (such transactions, the   Dutch
Parent Borrower Disposition  ), all of the Revolving Commitments under the
Dutch Subfacility shall be terminated.  
 (d)     The
Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or
reduce any Class of Commitments under any Subfacility under paragraph (b) or (c)
of this  Section 2.07  at least two Business Days prior to the effective
date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the
effective date thereof; it being understood that in the case of a Dutch Parent
Borrower Disposition, the effective date of the termination of Revolving
Commitments under the Dutch Subfacility shall be on or prior to the date the
Dutch Parent Borrower Disposition is consummated. Promptly following receipt of
any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents
thereof. Any effectuated termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be
permanent. Each termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be made among
the Lenders based on each Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities within any Class of the Commitments;
 provided  that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the Company may
allocate any termination or reduction of Commitments among Classes of
Commitments at its direction, (2) the Company may allocate any termination or
reduction of Commitments among Revolving Commitments and Extended Revolving
Commitments at its direction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to the
Commitments with respect of any Class of Extended Revolving Commitments without
any termination or reduction of the remaining Commitments with respect to the
Existing Revolving Loan Commitments from which such Extended Revolving Commitments were converted or extended) and (3) in
connection with the establishment on any date of any Extended Revolving
Commitments pursuant to  Section 2.19 , the Existing Revolving Loan
Commitments of any one or more Lenders providing any such Extended Revolving
Commitments on such date shall be reduced in an amount equal to the amount of
Existing Revolving Loan Commitments so extended on such date (or, if agreed by
the Company and the Lenders providing such Extended Revolving Commitments, by
any greater amount so long as (A) a proportionate reduction of the Existing
Revolving Loan Commitments has been offered to each Lender to whom the
applicable Extension Request has been made (which may be conditioned upon such
Lender becoming an Extending Lender), and (B) the Company prepays the Existing
Revolving Loans of such Class of Existing Revolving Loan Commitments owed to
such Lenders providing such Extended Revolving Commitments to the extent
necessary to ensure that, after giving pro forma effect to such repayment or
reduction, the Existing Revolving Loans of such Class are held by the Lenders of
such Class on a pro rata basis in accordance with their Existing Revolving Loan
Commitments of such Class after giving pro forma effect to such reduction)
(provided that (x) after giving pro forma effect to any such reduction and to
the repayment of any Loans made on such date, the aggregate amount of the
revolving credit exposure of any such Lender does not exceed the Existing
Revolving Loan Commitment thereof (such revolving credit exposure and Existing
Revolving Loan Commitment being determined in each case, for the avoidance of
doubt, exclusive of such Lender s Extended Revolving Commitment and any exposure
in respect thereof) and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, any such repayment of
Loans contemplated by the preceding clause shall be made in compliance with the
requirements of  Section 2.10(a)  with respect to the ratable allocation of
payments hereunder, with such allocation being determined after giving pro forma
effect to any conversion or exchange pursuant to  Section 2.19  of Existing
Revolving Loan Commitments and Existing Revolving Loans into Extended Revolving
Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans respectively, and prior to any
reduction being made to the Commitment of any other Lender).  
 -97-  

2.08.    
 Interest Elections .  
 (a)     Each
Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable
Notice of Borrowing and, in the case of a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans
or B/A Equivalent Loans, shall have an initial Interest Period or Contract
Period as specified in such Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Relevant
Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing, with respect to the applicable
Subfacility, as applicable, to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing
and, in the case of a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent
Loans, may elect Interest Periods or Contract Periods, as applicable, therefor,
all as provided in this  Section 2.08 . The Relevant Borrower may elect
different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing,
in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders
holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such
portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, the Borrowers shall not be entitled to request any conversion or
continuation that, if made, would result in more than fifteen Borrowings of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans or ten Borrowings of B/A Equivalent Loans, outstanding
hereunder at any one time (which number of Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans
and/or B/A Equivalent Loans may be increased or adjusted by agreement between
the Company and the Administrative Agent in connection with any Revolving
Commitment Increase or Extended Revolving Loans/Extended Revolving Commitments).
This  Section 2.08  shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be
converted or continued.  
 (b)     To
make an election pursuant to this  Section 2.08 , the Relevant Borrower
shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by electronic
transmission by the time that a Notice of Borrowing would be required under
 Section 2.03  if such Borrower was requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the
Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such
election. Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be substantially in
the form of  Exhibit A-2 , unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative
Agent and the relevant Borrower. Whenever a Canadian Borrower desires to convert
or continue any Canadian Prime Loans as B/A Equivalent Loans,
such Canadian Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent a Notice of
Conversion/Continuation, no later than 1:00 p.m. (Local Time) at least three
Business Days before the requested conversion or continuation date. Promptly
after receiving any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall notify each
Lender thereof. Each Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall specify the amount
of Canadian Prime Loans to be converted or continued, the conversion or
continuation date (which shall be a Business Day), and the duration of the
Contract Period (which shall be deemed to be one month if not specified).    
 -98-  

(c)     Each
written Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall specify the following
information in compliance with  Section 2.02 :  
 
(i)     the Borrowing to which such Notice
of Conversion/Continuation applies and, if different options are being elected
with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated
to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified
pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting
Borrowing);  
 
(ii)     the effective date of the election
made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation, which shall be a
Business Day;  
 
(iii)     whether the resulting Borrowing
is to be a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate
Loans, a Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans, a Borrowing of European Base
Rate Loans, a Borrowing of Canadian Prime Loans or a Borrowing of B/A Equivalent
Loans;  
 
(iv)     the currency of the resulting
Borrowing; and  
 
(v)     if the resulting Borrowing is a
Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans, the Interest
Period or Contract Period, as applicable, to be applicable thereto after giving
effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition
of the term  Interest Period  or  Contract Period,  as applicable.  
 If any such Notice of
Conversion/Continuation requests a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A
Equivalent Loans but does not specify an Interest Period or Contract Period,
then the Relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period
or Contract Period of one month s duration. No Borrowing may be converted into
or continued as a Borrowing denominated in a different currency, but instead
must be prepaid in the original currency of such Borrowing and reborrowed in the
other currency.  
 (d)    
Promptly following receipt of a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the
Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such
Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing.  
 (e)     If a
Notice of Conversion/Continuation with respect to a Borrowing of Eurocurrency
Rate Loans denominated in Dollars is not timely delivered prior to the end of
the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as
provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be
converted to a Borrowing of the applicable Base Rate Loans. If a Notice of
Conversion/Continuation with respect to a Borrowing of B/A Equivalent Loans is
not timely delivered prior to the end of the Contract Period applicable thereto,
then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such
Contract Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Borrowing of Canadian
Prime Loans. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the
request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, after the occurrence and during the
continuance of such Event of Default (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be
converted to or continued as a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A
Equivalent Loans and (ii) unless repaid, each Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate
Loans and B/A Equivalent Loans shall be converted to a Borrowing of the
applicable Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Loans, respectively, at the end of
the Interest Period or Contract Period applicable thereto.  
 -99-  

2.09.    
 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans .  
 (a)    
 Optional Prepayments . Any Borrower shall have the right, at any time and
from time to time to prepay, without premium or penalty, any Borrowing under any
Subfacility, in whole or in part, subject to the requirements of this  Section
2.09 ;  provided  that each partial prepayment shall be in an amount
that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple.  
 (b)    
 Mandatory Prepayments .  
 (i)     In the
event of the termination of all the Revolving Commitments under any Subfacility,
the Borrowers shall, on the date of such termination, repay or prepay all the
outstanding Revolving Borrowings and all outstanding Swingline Loans and Cash
Collateralize or backstop on terms reasonably satisfactory to each applicable
Issuing Bank the LC Exposure in accordance with  Section 2.13(j) , in each
case, in respect of such Subfacility. In the event of a Dutch Parent Borrower
Disposition (i) all Loans (including Swingline Loans) outstanding under the
Dutch Subfacility immediately prior to the date of such Dutch Parent Borrower
Disposition shall be prepaid and (ii) the Dutch LC Exposure under the Dutch
Subfacility shall be Cash Collateralized or backstopped on terms reasonably
satisfactory to each applicable Dutch Issuing Bank in accordance with  Section
2.13(j) .  
 (ii)     In the
event of any partial reduction of the Revolving Commitments under any
Subfacility, then (A) at or prior to the effective date of such reduction, the
Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Revolving Lenders of the
Revolving Exposures under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities after
giving effect thereto and (B) except as permitted by Section 2.17 or Section
2.18, if the Revolving Exposures under such Subfacility or Subfacilities exceed
the applicable Line Cap then in effect, after giving effect to such reduction,
then the Borrowers shall, on the date of such reduction,  first , repay or
prepay Swingline Loans,  second , repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings and
 third , replace or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in
accordance with the procedures set forth in  Section 2.13(j) , in each
case, under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities, in an amount sufficient
to eliminate such excess. 
 (iii)     Except
as permitted by Section 2.17 or Section 2.18, on each date required pursuant to
 Section 1.06(a) , the Borrowers shall apply an amount equal to such excess
to prepay the Loans and any interest accrued thereon,  first , repay or
prepay Swingline Loans,  second , repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings, and
 third , replace or Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in
accordance with the procedures set forth in  Section 2.13(j) , in each
case, under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities, in an amount required
pursuant to  Section 1.06(a)  to eliminate such excess.  
 (iv)    
[Reserved].  
 (v)     In
the event that the aggregate LC Exposure under any Subfacility exceeds the LC
Commitment then in effect under such Subfacility, the applicable Borrowers
shall, without notice or demand, immediately replace or Cash Collateralize
Letters of Credit outstanding under such Subfacility in accordance with the
procedures set forth in  Section 2.13(j) , in an amount sufficient to
eliminate such excess.  
 -100-  

(vi)     At
all times after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion
Period, on each Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall apply all same day
funds credited to the Dominion Accounts as follows:  first , to fees and
reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent then due and payable pursuant
to the Credit Documents;  second , to interest then due and payable on the
Borrowers  Swingline Loans;  third , to the principal balance of the
Swingline Loan outstanding until the same has been prepaid in full;
 fourth , to interest then due and payable on the Revolving Loans and other
amounts due and payable pursuant to  Sections 3.02  and  4.01 ;
 fifth , to the principal balance of the Revolving Loans until the same
have been prepaid in full;  sixth , to Cash Collateralize all LC Exposure
plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon (to be held and applied in
accordance with Section 2.13(j) hereof);  seventh , returned to the
Relevant Borrower or to such party as otherwise required by applicable
Requirements of Law.  
 (c)    
 Application of Prepayments .  
 (i)     Prior to
any optional or mandatory prepayment of Borrowings hereunder, the Relevant
Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in
the notice of such prepayment pursuant to this paragraph (i) of  Section
2.09(c) .  
 (ii)     With
regard to mandatory prepayments, amounts to be applied pursuant to this
 Section 2.09  to the prepayment of Revolving Loans under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities shall be applied, as applicable, first to reduce
outstanding Base Rate Loans and Canadian Prime Loans, if and as applicable, and
any amounts remaining after each such application shall be applied to prepay
Eurocurrency Rate Loans and B/A Equivalent Loans, if and as applicable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the amount of any prepayment of Loans required
to be prepaid under  Section 2.09(b)  shall be in excess of the amount of
the Base Rate Loans or the Canadian Prime Loans, as applicable, at the time
outstanding, only the portion of the amount of such prepayment that is equal to
the amount of such outstanding Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Loans shall be
immediately prepaid and, at the election of the Relevant Borrower, the balance
of such required prepayment shall be either (A) deposited in the LC Collateral
Account and applied to the prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A
Equivalent Loans, as applicable, on the last day of the then next-expiring
Interest Period or Contract Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent
Loans, as applicable (with all interest accruing thereon for the account of the
Relevant Borrower or (B) prepaid immediately, together with any amounts owing to
the Lenders under  Section 2.10 ). Notwithstanding any such deposit in the
LC Collateral Account, interest shall continue to accrue on such Loans until
prepayment.  
 (d)    
 Notice of Prepayment . The Relevant Borrower shall notify the
Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the
applicable Swingline Lender) by telecopy or electronic transmission of any
prepayment of any Subfacility pursuant to  Section 2.9(a) , (i) in the case
of prepayment of a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, not later than 12:00
p.m., Local Time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the
case of prepayment of a Borrowing of B/A Equivalent Loans, not later than 12:00
p.m., Local Time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in
the case of prepayment of a Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans, not later
than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment, (iv) in the case of
prepayment of a Borrowing of European Base Rate Loans (other than Dutch
Swingline Loans), not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of
prepayment, (v) in the case of prepayment of a Borrowing of Canadian Prime
Loans, not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment, (vi) in
the case of prepayment of a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, not later than
12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment, (vii) in the case of
prepayment of a U.S. Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on
the date of prepayment, (viii) in the case of prepayment of a Canadian Swingline
Loan, not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment and (ix)
in the case of prepayment of a Dutch Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment.
Each such notice shall specify (x) the prepayment date and (y) the principal
amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and the Subfacility or
Subfacilities under which such prepayment is being made;  provided  that
such Borrower reimburses each Lender pursuant to  Section 3.02  for any
funding losses within ten Business Days after receiving written demand therefor.
Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating
solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of
the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an
amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the
same Type as provided in  Section 2.02 , except as necessary to apply fully
the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing
shall be applied to the Loans of any Lender included in the prepaid Borrowing
under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities on the basis of such Lender's
Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of such
Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent
required by  Section 2.06 .  
 -101-  

2.10.    
 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs .  
 (a)     Each
Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under
any other Credit Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement
of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under  Sections 3.01 ,
 3.02  and  4.01  or otherwise) at or before the time expressly
required hereunder or under such other Credit Document for such payment (or, if
no such time is expressly required, prior to (x) 2:00 p.m., Local Time), with
respect to payments denominated in Dollars, (y) 2:00 p.m., Local Time, with
respect to payments denominated in Canadian Dollars and (z) 2:00 p.m., Local
Time, with respect to payments denominated in other Alternative Currencies, in
each case, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff
or counterclaim. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by
the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans
denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Revolving Lenders to which such payment
is owed, at the Payment Office in such Alternative Currency and in immediately
available funds not later than the Local Times specified by the Administrative
Agent on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, any Borrower is
prohibited by any Requirement of Law from making any required payment hereunder
in such Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars
in the Dollar Equivalent of the payment amount. Any amounts received after the
required time on any date may, in the reasonable discretion of the
Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding
Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments
shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, except payments
to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or a Swingline Lender as expressly
provided herein and except that payments pursuant to  Sections 3.01 ,
 3.02 ,  4.01  and  12.01  shall be made to the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to
other Credit Documents shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the benefit
of the Persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any
such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the
appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under
any Credit Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date
for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the
case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the
period of such extension.  
 (b)     If at
any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative
Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements,
interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied in the manner
as provided in  Section 2.09(c)  or  10.11  hereof, as applicable,
ratably among the parties entitled thereto.  
 (c)    
Except as otherwise set forth herein, if any Lender (a  Benefited Lender ) shall
at any time receive any payment of all or part of the Loans of any Class and/or
the participations in letter of credit obligations or swingline loans held by it, or receive
any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by
set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in
 Section 10.05 , or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such
payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of
such other Lender s Loans of such Class or participations in letter of credit
obligations or swingline loans, as applicable, such Benefited Lender shall (i)
notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (ii) purchase for cash at face
value from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each
such other Lender s Loans of such Class or participations in letter of credit
obligations or swingline loans, as applicable, or shall provide such other
Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as
shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or
benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably in accordance with the aggregate
principal of their respective Loans of the applicable Class or participations in
letter of credit obligations or swingline loans, as applicable;  provided  that, (A) if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter
recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the
purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but
without interest and (B) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed
to apply to (x) any payment made by the Company, any Borrower or any other
Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (y) any payment obtained by a Lender
as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its
Loans, Commitments or participations in LC Obligations or Swingline Loans to any
assignee or participant or (z) any disproportionate payment obtained by a Lender
of any Class as a result of the extension by Lenders of the maturity date or
expiration date of some but not all Loans or Commitments of that Class or any
increase in the Applicable Margin (or other pricing term, including any fee,
discount or premium) in respect of Loans or Commitments of Lenders that have
consented to any such extension to the extent such transaction is permitted
hereunder. Each Credit Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent
it may effectively do so under applicable Requirements of Law, that any Lender
acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise
against such Credit Party rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to
such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such
Credit Party in the amount of such participation.  
 -102-  

2.11.    
 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following
provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:  
 (a)     fees shall
cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting
Lender pursuant to  Section 2.05(a) ;  
 (b)     such
Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in
 Section 12.10(e) ;  
 (c)     if any
Swingline Loans are outstanding, or any LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender
becomes a Defaulting Lender, then (i) all or any part of such LC Exposure of
such Defaulting Lender and such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of any Swingline Exposure outstanding at
such time will, subject to the limitation in the proviso below, automatically be
reallocated (effective on the day such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender) among
the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata
Percentages under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities;  provided 
that (A) each Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure may not in any event
exceed the Revolving Commitment of such Non-Defaulting Lender as in effect at
the time of such reallocation, (B) neither such reallocation nor any payment by
a Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant thereto will constitute a waiver or release of
any claim the Company, any Borrower, any Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank,
any Swingline Lender or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender
or cause such Defaulting Lender to be a Non-Defaulting Lender and (C) the
conditions to Credit Extensions forth in Section 6 (other than Section 6.01) shall be satisfied
at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrowers shall have otherwise
notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to
have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time),
(ii) to the extent that all or any portion (the  unreallocated portion ) of the
Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure cannot, or can only
partially, be so reallocated to Non-Defaulting Lenders, whether by reason of the
first proviso in  Section 2.11(c)(i)  above or otherwise, the Borrowers
shall within two Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x)
first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities of outstanding Swingline Exposure (after giving pro
forma effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) and (y)
second, Cash Collateralize such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving
pro forma effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above), in
accordance with the procedures set forth in  Section 2.13(j)  for so long
as such LC Exposure is outstanding, (iii) if the Borrowers Cash Collateralize
any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to the requirements
of this Section 2.11(c), the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to
such Defaulting Lender pursuant to  Section 2.05(c)  with respect to such
Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC
Exposure is Cash Collateralized, (iv) if the LC Exposure of the Non-Defaulting
Lenders is reallocated pursuant to the requirements of this  Section
2.11(c) , then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to  Section
2.05(c)  shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Lenders 
Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities and the
Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to the Defaulting Lender
pursuant to  Section 2.05(c)  with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC
Exposure during the period that such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is
reallocated, or (v) if any Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither Cash
Collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to the requirements of this  Section
2.11(c) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing
Bank or any Lender hereunder, all fees payable under  Section 2.05(c)  with
respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the
applicable Issuing Bank until such LC Exposure is Cash Collateralized and/or
reallocated;  
 -103-  

(d)     (i) no
Issuing Bank will be required to issue any new Letter of Credit or amend any
outstanding Letter of Credit to increase the face amount thereof, alter the
drawing terms thereunder or extend the expiry date thereof, unless such Issuing
Bank is reasonably satisfied that any exposure that would result from the
exposure to such Defaulting Lender is eliminated or fully covered by the
Revolving Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders or by Cash Collateralization
or a combination thereof in accordance with the requirements of  Section
2.11(c)  above or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such
Issuing Bank; and  
 (e)     no
Swingline Lender will be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless the
Swingline Lender is reasonably satisfied that any exposure that would result
from the exposure to such Defaulting Lender is eliminated or fully covered by
the Revolving Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders or a combination thereof
in accordance with the requirements of  Section 2.11(c)  above.  
 (f)     The
Company, Administrative Agent and applicable Issuing Bank may agree in writing
that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender. At such time, Pro Rata
Percentages under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities shall be
reallocated without exclusion of such Lender s Commitments and Loans, and all
outstanding Loans, LC Obligations and other exposures under the Commitments
shall be reallocated among Lenders and settled by the Administrative Agent (with
appropriate payments by the reinstated Lender) in accordance with the readjusted
Pro Rata Percentages under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities and any
amount that has been deposited in accordance with Section 2.13(j) to Cash
Collateralize any LC Exposure shall be automatically released and returned to
the Company or the Relevant Borrower. Unless expressly agreed in writing by the
Company, the Administrative Agent and applicable Issuing Bank, no reinstatement
of a Defaulting Lender shall constitute a waiver or release of claims against
such Lender. The failure of any Lender to fund a Loan, to make a payment in
respect of LC Obligations or otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations, and no Lender
shall be responsible for default by another Lender. Subject to  Section
12.22 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any
claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that
Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a
Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased
exposure following such reallocation.  
 -104-  

(g)     Any
payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to  Section 10  or otherwise
received by the Administrative Agent for that Defaulting Lender pursuant to
 Section 12.10(c)  and  (d) ), shall be applied at such time or times
as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:  first , to
the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative
Agent hereunder;  second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any
amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank and any Swingline
Lender hereunder;  third , as the Company may request (so long as no
Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of
which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required
by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent;  fourth , if
so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a
non-interest bearing Deposit Account and released pro rata in order to (x)
satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with
respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize, in accordance
with Section 2.13(j), the Issuing Banks  potential future fronting exposure with
respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit
issued under this Agreement;  fifth , to the payment of any amounts owing
to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders as a result of any
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any
Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result
of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
 sixth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment
of any amounts owing to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
pursuant to any Bank Product with such Defaulting Lender as certified by a
Responsible Officer of the Company to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to
the Defaulting Lender) prior to such date of payment;  seventh , so long as
no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to
the Company or any other Credit Party as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company or any other Credit Party against
that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; and  eighth , to that Defaulting Lender
or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;  provided 
that, if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or a
payment of any unreimbursed LC Disbursements, such payment shall be applied
solely to pay the relevant Loans of, and unreimbursed LC Disbursements owed to,
the relevant Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied
in the manner set forth in this  Section 2.11(g) . Any payments,
prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are
applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash
Collateral pursuant to  Section 2.13(j)  shall be deemed paid to and
redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents
hereto.  
 2.12.    
 Swingline Loans .  
 (a)    
 Swingline Commitment . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, (X) the U.S. Swingline Lender shall make U.S. Swingline Loans in Dollars
to a U.S. Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period,
in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in
(i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans under the U.S.
Subfacility exceeding $30,000,000, (ii) the U.S. Revolving Exposures exceeding
the U.S. Line Cap or (iii) the Revolving Exposures exceeding the Line Cap, (Y)
the Canadian Swingline Lender shall make Canadian Swingline Loans in Dollars or
Canadian Dollars to a Canadian Borrower from time to time during the Revolving
Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding
that will not result in (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans under the Canadian Subfacility
exceeding the Dollar Equivalent of $3,000,000, (ii) the Canadian Revolving
Exposures exceeding the Canadian Line Cap or (iii) the Revolving Exposures
exceeding the Line Cap, and (Z) the Dutch Swingline Lender shall make Dutch
Swingline Loans in Euro, Pounds Sterling, Dollars or Swiss Francs to a Dutch
Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i)
the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline
Loans under the Dutch Subfacility exceeding the Dollar Equivalent of
$10,000,000, (ii) the Dutch Revolving Exposures exceeding the Dutch Line Cap or
(iii) the Revolving Exposures exceeding the Line Cap;  provided  that no
Swingline Lender shall be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an
outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, each Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow
Swingline Loans.  
 -105-  

(b)    
 Swingline Loans . To request a Swingline Loan, an applicable Borrower
shall notify the applicable Administrative Agent of such request by telephonic
(followed immediately by an electronic request) or electronic transmission, not
later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time (in the case of U.S. Swingline Loans and
Canadian Swingline Loans) and 11:00 a.m., Local Time (in the case of Dutch
Swingline Loans), on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan under the relevant
Subfacility. Each such notice shall be revocable (prior to the release of the
requested funds) and specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day)
and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will
promptly advise the applicable Swingline Lender of any such notice received from
a Borrower. The applicable Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan
available to the Relevant Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit
account of such Borrower with the applicable Swingline Lender (or, in the case
of a U.S. Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of a U.S. LC
Disbursement as provided in  Section 2.13(e) , by remittance to the U.S.
Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., Local Time, on the requested date of such Swingline
Loan. No Borrower shall request a Swingline Loan if at the time of and
immediately after giving effect to such request a Default has occurred and is
continuing. 
 (c)    
 Prepayment . Each Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time
to time to repay, without premium or penalty, any Swingline Loan, in whole or in
part, upon giving notice thereof pursuant to  Section 2.09(d) .  
 (d)    
 Participations . The U.S. Swingline Lender, Canadian Swingline Lender or
Dutch Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent
at any time (but, in any event shall weekly, or such other time as determined by
the Administrative Agent) not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time on any Business
Day require the U.S. Revolving Lenders, Canadian Revolving Lenders, or Dutch
Revolving Lenders, as applicable, to acquire participations on such Business Day
in all or a portion of the U.S. Swingline Loans, Canadian Swingline Loans or
Dutch Swingline Loans, as applicable, outstanding, which request may be made
regardless of whether the conditions set forth in  Section 6  have been
satisfied. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in
which such Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such
notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to such Revolving
Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each
Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of
notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of
the applicable Swingline Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each
Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire
participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever,
including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or
termination of the Revolving Commitments or whether an Overadvance exists or is
created thereby, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset,
abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever ( provided  that such payment shall not cause such
Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment). Each
Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire
transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in  Section 2.02(f)  with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and  Section
2.02  shall apply,  mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the
Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the
applicable Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving
Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Relevant Borrower of any
participation in a Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and
thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the
Administrative Agent and not to any Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a
Swingline Lender from a Borrower (or other party on behalf of a Borrower) in
respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the
proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the
Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent
shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable
Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph
and to the applicable Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear. The
purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall
not relieve any Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. If and to the
extent any Revolving Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the
Administrative Agent, such Revolving Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative
Agent, forthwith on demand, such amount, together with interest thereon, for
each day from the date such amount is made available to such Borrower until the
date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of a
Borrower, as applicable, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans
comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, for the first
such day, the Federal Funds Rate (for Dollars), the Bank of Canada Overnight
Rate (for Canadian Dollars) or a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (for other
Alternative Currencies), and for each day thereafter, the U.S. Base Rate (for
Swingline Loans under the U.S. Subfacility denominated in Dollars), the Canadian
Base Rate (for Swingline Loans under the Canadian Subfacility denominated in
Dollars), Canadian Prime Rate (for Swingline Loans denominated in Canadian
Dollars) or the European Base Rate (for other Alternative Currencies).  
 -106-  

(e)     If
the Maturity Date shall have occurred at a time when Extended Revolving
Commitments are in effect, then on the Maturity Date all then outstanding
Swingline Loans shall be repaid in full on such date (and there shall be no
adjustment to the participations in such Swingline Loans as a result of the
occurrence of such Maturity Date);  provided  that, if on the occurrence of
the Maturity Date (after giving effect to any repayments of Revolving Loans and
any reallocation of Letter of Credit participations as contemplated in
 Section 2.13(o) ), there shall exist sufficient unutilized Extended
Revolving Commitments so that the respective outstanding Swingline Loans could
be incurred pursuant to the Extended Revolving Commitments which will remain in
effect after the occurrence of the Maturity Date, then there shall be an
automatic adjustment on such date of the participations in such Swingline Loans
and same shall be deemed to have been incurred solely pursuant to the Extended
Revolving Commitments and such Swingline Loans shall not be so required to be
repaid in full on the Maturity Date.  
 2.13.    
 Letters of Credit .  
 (a)    
 General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) any
U.S. Borrower may request the issuance of U.S. Letters of Credit in Dollars or
in one or more Alternative Currencies for its account or for the account of any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a form reasonably acceptable to the U.S.
Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving
Availability Period ( provided  that the Relevant Borrower shall be a
co-applicant with respect to each U.S. Letter of Credit issued for the account
of or in favor of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Borrower), (ii) any
Canadian Borrower may request the issuance of Canadian Letters of Credit in
Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for its account or the account
of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Canadian Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving
Availability Period ( provided  that the Relevant Borrower shall be a
co-applicant with respect to each Canadian Letter of Credit issued for the
account of or in favor of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Borrower) and
(iii) any Dutch Borrower may request the issuance of Dutch Letters of Credit in
Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for its account or the account
of any of its Restricted Subsidiary in a form reasonably acceptable to the Dutch
Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving
Availability Period ( provided  that the Relevant Borrower shall be a
co-applicant with respect to each Dutch Letter of Credit issued for the account
of or in favor of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Borrower). In the event
of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other
agreement submitted by the Relevant Borrower to, or entered into by the Relevant
Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Existing Letters of
Credit listed on Part A of  Schedule 1.01B  shall be deemed issued under
the Canadian Subfacility. The Existing Letters of Credit listed on Part B of  Schedule 1.01B  shall be deemed issued under the Dutch Subfacility. The
Existing Letters of Credit listed on Part C of  Schedule 1.01B  shall be
deemed issued under the U.S. Subfacility.  
 -107-  

(b)    
 Request for Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions .
To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment, renewal or
extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, the Relevant Borrower shall hand
deliver or telecopy or transmit by electronic communication a LC Request to the
applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m.,
Local Time, on the second Business Day preceding the requested date of issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension (or such later date and time as is reasonably
acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank). A request for an initial issuance of
a Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to
the applicable Issuing Bank: (i) the proposed issuance date of the requested
Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (ii) the amount and currency
thereof; (iii) the expiry date thereof; (iv) the name and address of the
beneficiary thereof; (v) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in
case of any drawing thereunder; (vi) the full text of any certificate to be
presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (vii) such
other matters as the applicable Issuing Bank may reasonably require. A request
for an amendment, renewal or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit shall
specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing
Bank (w) the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, (x) the
proposed date of amendment, renewal or extension thereof (which shall be a
Business Day), (y) the nature of the proposed amendment, renewal or extension
and (z) such other matters as the applicable Issuing Bank may reasonably
require. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Relevant Borrower also
shall submit a letter of credit application substantially on such Issuing Bank s
standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of
Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Relevant Borrower
shall be deemed to represent and warrant (solely in the case of (w) and (x))
that, after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) (A)
(i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit, (ii) the U.S. LC Exposure
shall not exceed the U.S. LC Sublimit, (iii) the Canadian LC Exposure shall not
exceed the Canadian LC Sublimit and (iv) the Dutch LC Exposure shall not exceed
the Dutch LC Sublimit and (B) (i) the total Revolving Exposures shall not exceed
the Line Cap, (ii) the total U.S. Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the U.S.
Line Cap, (iii) the total Canadian Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the
Canadian Line Cap and (iv) the total Dutch Revolving Exposures shall not exceed
the Dutch Line Cap. Unless the Administrative Agent and applicable Issuing Bank
shall otherwise agree, no Letter of Credit shall be denominated in a currency
other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency. 
 (c)    
 Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the
earlier of (i) the close of business on the date which is one year after the
date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or such other longer period of
time as the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank may agree)
(other than with respect to foreign guarantees which may expire on a date later
than one year from the date of issuance) and (ii) unless Cash Collateralized or
otherwise credit supported in accordance with  Section 2.13(j) , the Letter
of Credit Expiration Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Letter of Credit
may, upon the request of the Relevant Borrower, include a provision whereby such
Letter of Credit shall be renewed automatically for additional consecutive
periods of twelve (12) months (or such longer period of time as may be agreed by
the applicable Issuing Bank) or less (but not beyond the date that is after the
Letter of Credit Expiration Date unless such Letter of Credit is Cash
Collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably acceptable to
the applicable Issuing Bank;  provided  that no Lender shall be required to
fund participations in any Letter of Credit after the Maturity Date) unless the
applicable Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof at least thirty (30)
days prior to the then-applicable expiration date that such Letter of Credit
will not be renewed.  
 -108-  

(d)    
 Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to
a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action
on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the applicable
Issuing Bank hereby grants to each applicable Revolving Lender, and each such
Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such
Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate
amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit; provided that any
participation of any Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency other
than those specifically listed in the definition of the term  Alternative
Currency  shall be made in Dollars. In consideration and in furtherance of the
foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to
pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank,
such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the applicable
Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Relevant Borrower on the date due as
provided in paragraph (e) of this  Section 2.13 , or of any reimbursement
payment required to be refunded to the Relevant Borrower or for any reason (the
  Unreimbursed Amount  ). Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its
obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of
Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any
Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or
termination of the Revolving Commitments or whether or not an Overadvance exists
or is created thereby, and that each such payment shall be made without any
offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.  
 (e)    
 Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in
respect of a Letter of Credit, the Relevant Borrower under the applicable
Subfacility shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the applicable
Issuing Bank an amount equal to such LC Disbursement within one Business Day
after the Relevant Borrower s receipt of notice of such LC Disbursement from the
applicable Issuing Bank;  provided  that, whether or not the Relevant
Borrower submits a Notice of Borrowing, such Borrower shall be deemed to have
requested (except to the extent such Borrower makes payment to reimburse such LC
Disbursement when due or otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent and
relevant Issuing Bank that it intends to make a payment to reimburse such LC
Disbursement) a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Loans of the
applicable currency in an amount necessary to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If
such Borrower fails to make such payment by the date due in accordance with the
preceding sentence, the applicable Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative
Agent and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of the applicable LC Disbursement, the
payment then due from such Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Pro
Rata Percentage under such Subfacility or Subfacilities. Promptly following
receipt of such notice, each such Revolving Lender shall pay to the
Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Percentage of the unreimbursed LC Disbursement
in the same manner as provided in  Section 2.02(f)  with respect to Loans
made by such Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the
applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from such Revolving
Lenders; provided that any such payment by a Revolving Lender of its Pro Rata
Percentage of the unreimbursed LC Disbursement with respect to any Letter of
Credit issued in an Alternative Currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of the
term  Alternative Currency  shall me made in Dollars. In the case of a Letter of
Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the relevant Borrower shall
reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank in such Alternative Currency, unless (A)
the such Issuing Bank (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that
it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such
requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the applicable Borrower shall have
notified the applicable Issuing Bank promptly following receipt of the notice of
drawing that such Borrower will reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank in
Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a
Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable Issuing
Bank shall notify the applicable Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount
of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. Promptly following
receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from any Borrower pursuant to
this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent that Revolving
Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse any Issuing
Bank, distribute such payment to such Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank as
their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to
this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than
the funding of Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Loans or a Swingline Loan as
contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the
Relevant Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. In the
event that (A) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be
reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the third sentence in this  Section
2.13(e)  and (B) the Dollar amount paid by the applicable Borrower shall not
be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal
banking procedures a sum denominated in such Alternative Currency equal to the
drawing, then such Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to
indemnify the applicable Issuing Bank for the loss resulting from its inability
on that date to purchase the Alternative Currency in the full amount of the
drawing.  
 -109-  

(f)    
 Obligations Absolute .  
 (i)     Subject to
the limitations set forth below, the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse LC
Disbursements as provided in clause (e) of this  Section 2.13  shall be
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances
whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any
Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any
draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or
inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of
Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not strictly
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) the existence of any claim,
setoff, defense or other right which any Borrower may have at any time against a
beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, (v) any adverse change in the relevant
exchange rates or in the availability of an Alternative Currency to the Company
or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally or (vi) any
other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the
foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this  Section 2.13 ,
constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff
against, the obligations of the Borrowers hereunder;  provided  that the
Borrowers shall have no obligation to reimburse any Issuing Bank to the extent
that such payment was made in error due to the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Issuing Bank (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgement or another independent tribunal
having jurisdiction). Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any
Issuing Bank, nor any of their Affiliates, shall have any liability or
responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of
any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder
(irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding
sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission
or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any
Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder),
any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from
causes beyond the control of any Issuing Bank;  provided  that the
foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of
any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of
which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable
Requirement of Law) suffered by the Borrowers that are caused by such Issuing
Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other
documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The
parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or
willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction or another independent tribunal having jurisdiction),
each Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such
determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the
generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented
which appear on their face to be in strict compliance with the terms of a Letter
of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make
payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation,
regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and
make payment upon such documents, if such documents are not in strict compliance
with the terms of such Letter of Credit.  
 -110-  

(ii)     No
Issuing Bank assumes any responsibility for any failure or delay in performance
or any breach by any Borrower or other Person of any obligations under any LC
Document. No Issuing Bank makes to the Lenders any express or implied warranty,
representation or guarantee with respect to the Collateral, such documents or
any Credit Party. No Issuing Bank shall be responsible to any Lender for any
recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in,
or for the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of
any LC Document; the validity, genuineness, enforceability, collectability,
value or sufficiency of any Collateral or the perfection of any Lien therein; or
the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business,
creditworthiness or legal status of any Credit Party.  
 (g)    
 Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its
receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for
payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the
Administrative Agent and the Relevant Borrower by electronic transmission of
such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC
Disbursement thereunder;  provided  that any failure to give or delay in
giving such notice shall not relieve any Borrower of its obligation to reimburse
such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders under the applicable Subfacility
with respect to any such LC Disbursement (other than with respect to the timing
of such reimbursement obligation set forth in  Section 2.13(e) ).  
 (h)    
 Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement,
then, unless the Relevant Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full
on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear
interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made
to but excluding the date that the Relevant Borrower reimburses such LC
Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans or
Canadian Prime Loans, as applicable;  provided  that, if such Borrower
fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due and payable pursuant to
paragraph (e) of this  Section 2.13 , then  Section 2.06(e)  shall
apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of
the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date
of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this  Section
2.13  to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender
to the extent of such payment.  
 (i)    
 Resignation or Removal of the Issuing Bank . Any Issuing Bank may resign
as Issuing Bank hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days  prior written
notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Company. Any Issuing
Bank may be replaced at any time by agreement between the Company and the
Administrative Agent;  provided  that so long as no Event of Default under
 Section 10.01  or  Section 10.05  is then continuing, such successor
Issuing Bank shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. One or more Lenders may be appointed as additional
Issuing Banks in accordance with clause (k) below. The Administrative Agent
shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of such Issuing Bank or any
such additional Issuing Bank. At the time any such resignation or replacement
shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the
account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to  Section 2.05(c) . From
and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement or addition,
as applicable, (i) the successor or additional Issuing Bank shall have all the
rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to
Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term
 Issuing Bank  shall be deemed to refer to such successor or such addition or to
any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or such additional Issuing Bank
and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the
resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing
Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and
obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of
Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be
required to issue additional Letters of Credit. If at any time there is more
than one Issuing Bank hereunder, the Company may, in its discretion, select
which Issuing Bank is to issue any particular Letter of Credit.  
 -111-  

(j)      Cash Collateralization .  
 (i)     If any Event of Default shall occur
and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives written notice
from the Administrative Agent (acting at the request of the Required Lenders)
demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the
Borrowers shall deposit in the LC Collateral Account, in the name of the
Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, an amount in
cash equal to 103.00% of the LC Exposure as of such date. The Administrative
Agent shall promptly release and return any such Cash Collateral to the Company
(in no event later than two (2) Business Days) once all Events of Default are
cured or waived.  
 (ii)     To the extent the Fronting
Exposure associated with any Defaulting Lender cannot be reallocated pursuant to
 Section 2.11 , the Borrowers shall, on demand by an Issuing Bank or the
Administrative Agent from time to time, Cash Collateralize such Fronting
Exposure;  provided  that any amount deposited to Cash Collateralize any
Fronting Exposure associated with any Defaulting Lender shall be automatically
released and returned to the Company or the Relevant Borrower at the time the
Company, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank agree in
writing that such Defaulting Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender.  
 (iii)      Section 2.09  and
 Section 2.11  set forth certain additional circumstances under which Cash
Collateral may be, or is required to be, delivered under this Agreement.  
 (iv)     Each deposit of Cash Collateral
pursuant to this Agreement shall be held by the Administrative Agent in the LC
Collateral Account as collateral for the payment and performance of the
obligations of the Relevant Borrowers under this Agreement. The Administrative
Agent shall have a first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens)
and exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal,
over the LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment
of such deposits of Cash Collateral, which investments shall be made only in
Investment Cash Equivalents and at the direction of the Company and at the
Company s risk and expense, such deposits of Cash Collateral shall not bear
interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in
such account. Monies in such account shall be applied by the Administrative
Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements for which they have
not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the
satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers for the LC
Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but
subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing
greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other
Obligations of the Borrowers. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly (and in no event later
than the next Business Day) release and return any Cash Collateral to the
Company or the Relevant Borrower once the event or circumstance giving rise to
the requirement of any Credit Party to deposit such Cash Collateral is no longer
continuing. 
 -112-  

(k)      Additional Issuing Banks .
The Company may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the
Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed
or conditioned) and such Lender, designate one or more additional Lenders to act
as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Lender designated as
an issuing bank pursuant to this clause (k) shall be deemed (in addition to
being a Lender) to be the Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit issued
or to be issued by such Lender, and all references herein and in the other
Credit Documents to the term  Issuing Bank  shall, with respect to such Letters
of Credit, be deemed to refer to such Lender in its capacity as Issuing Bank, as
the context shall require.  
 (l)     No Issuing Bank shall be under an
obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:  
 (i)     any order, judgment or decree of
any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or
restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any
Requirement of Law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with
jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing
Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of
Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such
Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such
Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the
Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost
or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such Issuing
Bank in good faith deems material to it; or  
 (ii) the issuance of such Letter of
  Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank.  
 (m)     No Issuing Bank shall be under an
obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (i) such Issuing Bank would have no
obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under
the terms hereof or (ii) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not
accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.  
 (n)      LC Collateral Account .  
 (i)     The Administrative Agent is hereby
authorized to establish and maintain at the Notice Office, in the name of the
Administrative Agent and pursuant to a dominion and control agreement, a
restricted deposit account designated  The SunOpta Inc. LC Collateral Account. 
Each Credit Party shall deposit into the LC Collateral Account from time to time
the Cash Collateral required to be deposited under  Section 2.13(j) 
hereof.  
 (ii)     The balance from time to time in
such LC Collateral Account shall constitute part of the Collateral and shall not
constitute payment of the Obligations until applied as hereinafter provided.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, all amounts held in
the LC Collateral Account shall constitute collateral security first for the
liabilities in respect of Letters of Credit outstanding from time to time and,
with respect to amounts deposited in connection with the events described in
clause (i) of such  Section 2.13(j) only,  second for the other Obligations
hereunder until such time as all Letters of Credit shall have been terminated
and all of the liabilities in respect of Letters of Credit have been paid in
full. All funds in  The SunOpta Inc. LC Collateral Account  may be invested in
accordance with the provisions of  Section 2.13(j) .  
 -113-  

(o)    
 Extended Commitments . If the Maturity Date shall have occurred at a time
when Extended Revolving Commitments are in effect, then (i) such Letters of
Credit shall automatically be deemed to have been issued (including for purposes
of the obligations of the Lenders to purchase participations therein and to make
payments in respect thereof pursuant to  Sections 2.13(d)  and  (e) )
under (and ratably participated in by Lenders) the Extended Revolving
Commitments, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal
amount of the unutilized Extended Revolving Commitments thereunder at such time
(it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be
so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to the
immediately preceding clause (i), the Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize any
such Letter of Credit on such terms as may be agreed between the Relevant
Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank. Except to the extent of reallocations
of participations pursuant to the prior sentence, the occurrence of the Maturity
Date with respect to Existing Revolving Loans shall have no effect upon (and
shall not diminish) the percentage participations of the Lenders of Extended
Revolving Loans in any Letter of Credit issued before the Maturity Date.  
 2.14.    
 Settlement Amongst Lenders .  
 (a)     The
amount of each Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under one or more Subfacilites of
outstanding Revolving Loans (including outstanding Swingline Loans) under such
Subfacility or Subfacilities shall be computed weekly (or more frequently in the
Administrative Agent s discretion) and shall be adjusted upward or downward
based on all Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) and repayments of
Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) under such Subfacility or
Subfacilities received by the Administrative Agent as of 12:00 p.m., Local Time,
on the first Business Day (such date, the   Settlement Date  ) following
the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent.  
 (b)     The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the Lenders promptly after a
Settlement Date a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans
(including Swingline Loans) for the period and the amount of repayments received
for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Administrative
Agent shall transfer to each Lender its applicable Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of repayments, and (ii) each Lender
shall transfer to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the
Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Lender, such amounts as are
necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount
of Revolving Loans made by each Lender with respect to Revolving Loans to the
Borrowers (including Swingline Loans) shall be equal to such Lender s applicable
Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities of
Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) outstanding under such Subfacility
or Subfacilities as of such Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires
transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the Lenders and is received
prior to 1:00 p.m., Local Time, on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made
in immediately available funds no later than 3:00 p.m., Local Time, that day;
and, if received after 1:00 p.m., Local Time, then no later than 11:00 a.m.,
Local Time, on the next Business Day. The obligation of each Lender to transfer
such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by
the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any Lender shall not have so made
its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest
thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such
Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, for
the first such day, the Federal Funds Rate (for Dollars) or the Bank of Canada
Overnight Rate (for Canadian Dollars) or a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (for
other Alternative Currencies), and for each day thereafter, the U.S. Base Rate
(for amounts due under the U.S. Subfacility denominated in Dollars), the
Canadian Base Rate (for amounts due under the Canadian Subfacility denominated
in Dollars), the Canadian Prime Rate (for Canadian Dollars) or the European Base
Rate (for other Alternative Currencies)  
 -114-  

2.15.    
 Revolving Commitment Increase .  
 (a)    
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, after the Closing Date,
the Company shall have the right to request, by written notice to the
Administrative Agent, an increase in the Revolving Commitments under any
Subfacility or Revolving Commitments under a first-in last-out facility (an
  Incremental FILO Facility  ) (each, a   Revolving Commitment
Increase  ) in an aggregate amount such that, after giving effect to any such
Revolving Commitment Increase, the aggregate principal amount of all then
outstanding Revolving Commitments does not exceed $450,000,000;  provided 
that (i) any Revolving Commitment Increase shall be on the same terms (including
the Maturity Date under the applicable Subfacility) and pursuant to the
documentation applicable to the applicable Subfacility, except as set forth
under the second sentence of  Section 2.15(d)  and except with respect to
any commitment, arrangement, upfront or similar fees that may be agreed to among
the Company and the Increase Loan Lenders and except in the case of an
Incremental FILO Facility, which shall have terms as may be agreed among the
Company and the Increase Loan Lenders (which terms (other than advance rates,
revolving or term nature of the facility, pricing, interest rate margins,
discounts, premiums, rate floors, and fees) shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent (it being understood to the extent that any financial
maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any Incremental FILO Facility
or the covenant set forth in  Section 9.12  is made more restrictive on the
Company, no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to the extent that such financial maintenance covenant is also added, or
such covenant is made more restrictive, for the benefit of the Lenders, and
payments on any such Incremental FILO Facility pursuant to  Section 10.11 
shall be subordinated to payment of all other Obligations other than Secured
Bank Product Obligations that are not Secured Reserved Hedges)), (ii) any
Revolving Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000 or, if
less than $25,000,000 is available, the amount left available, (iii) the North
American Minimum Requirement shall be met at all times, and (iv) the aggregate
amount of Incremental FILO Facilities shall not exceed $35,000,000.  
 (b)     Each
notice submitted pursuant to this  Section 2.15  (a   Revolving
Commitment Increase Notice  ) requesting a Revolving Commitment Increase
shall specify (i) the amount of the increase in the Revolving Commitments being
requested and (ii) the Subfacility or Subfacilities under which such Revolving
Commitments are being requested to be increased or if such Revolving Commitment
Increase will take the form of an Incremental FILO Facility. Upon receipt of a
Revolving Commitment Increase Notice, the Administrative Agent may (at the
direction of the Company) promptly notify the applicable Revolving Lenders and
each such Revolving Lender may (subject to the Company s consent, which consent
the Company may exercise in its sole discretion (it is understood that the
Company shall not be obligated to notify any existing Revolving Lender of any
request for a Revolving Credit Increase or consent to any existing Revolving
Lender s participation in any such Revolving Commitment Increase) have the right
to elect to have its Revolving Commitment increased by its Pro Rata Percentage
under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities (it being understood and
agreed that (x) a Lender may elect to have its Revolving Commitment increased in
excess of its Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or
Subfacilities in its discretion if any other Lender declines to participate in
the Revolving Commitment Increase and (y) the Company may elect to offer, or
consent to, an increase in the Revolving Commitments of any Lender on a basis
that is less than its Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or
Subfacilities of such Revolving Commitment Increase) of the requested increase
in Revolving Commitments;  provided  that (i) each Lender may elect or
decline, in its sole discretion, to have its Revolving Commitment increased in
connection with any requested Revolving Commitment Increase, it being understood
that no Lender shall be obligated to increase its Revolving Commitment unless
it, in its sole discretion, so agrees and, if a Lender fails to respond to any
Revolving Commitment Increase Notice within five (5) Business Days after such
Lender s receipt of such request, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined
to participate in such Revolving Commitment Increase; (ii) if any Lender
declines to participate in any Revolving Commitment Increase or the Company does
not consent to or request the participation of a Revolving Lender in any such
Revolving Commitment) and, as a result, commitments from additional financial
institutions are required in connection with the Revolving Commitment Increase,
any Person or Persons providing such commitment (such additional financial
institutions   Additional Lenders  ) shall be subject to the written
consent of the Administrative Agent, the applicable Swingline Lenders and the
applicable Issuing Banks (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) if such consent would be required under  Section 12.04  for an assignment of the commitments to such Additional
Lender; (iii) in no event shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to participate
in such Revolving Commitment Increase; and (iv) no Issuing Bank or Swingline
Lender shall be required to act in such capacity under the Revolving Commitment
Increase without its prior written consent. In the event that any Lender or
other Person agrees to participate in any Revolving Commitment Increase (each an
  Increase Loan Lender  ), such Revolving Commitment Increase shall become
effective on such date as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Increase Loan
Lenders and the Company, which date shall be as soon as practicable after the
date of receipt of the Revolving Commitment Increase Notice (such date, the
  Increase Date    provided  that the establishment of such
Revolving Commitment Increase shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of
the following conditions: (1) no Event of Default would exist after giving
effect thereto; (2) the Revolving Commitment Increase shall be effected pursuant
to one or more joinder agreements executed and delivered by the Company, the
Administrative Agent, and the Increase Loan Lenders, each of which shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, the Administrative Agent, and the
Increase Loan Lenders; (3) the Borrowers shall execute and deliver or cause to
be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by
the Lenders and Additional Lenders providing such Revolving Commitment
Increases, customary closing certificates, legal opinions, good standing
certificates, resolutions and organizational documents of the type and form
delivered on the Closing Date; (4) the representations and warranties contained
in  Section 7  shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in
all respects to the extent that any representation or warranty is qualified by
materiality) as of the Increase Date (except to the extent such representations
and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such
representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material
respects on and as of such earlier date); and (5) the Borrowers shall have paid
to the Administrative Agent and the Increase Loan Lenders all fees and expenses
required to be paid in connection with any such Revolving Commitment Increase to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders providing such Revolving Commitment
Increase shall have been paid to the extent due and owing and, with respect to
expenses, to the extent invoices have been received no later than three Business
Days prior to the proposed Increase Date.  
 -115-  

(c)     On
the Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in this
 Section 2.15 , (i) the Administrative Agent shall effect a settlement of
all outstanding Revolving Loans among the Lenders that will reflect the
adjustments to the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders as a result of the
Revolving Commitment Increase, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Lenders and Credit Parties of the occurrence of the Revolving Commitment
Increase to be effected on the Increase Date, (iii)  Schedule 2.01  shall
be deemed modified to reflect the revised Revolving Commitments of the affected
Lenders and (iv) Notes will be issued, at the expense of the Borrowers, to any
Lender participating in the Revolving Commitment Increase and requesting a Note.
 
 (d)    
Except as described in  Section 2.15 , the terms and provisions of the
Revolving Commitment Increase (other than an Incremental FILO Facility) shall be
identical to the Revolving Loans and the Revolving Commitments and, for purposes
of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, all Revolving Loans made under
the Revolving Commitment Increase shall be deemed to be Revolving Loans. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the pricing applicable to the
Revolving Commitment Increase (x) not in the form of a first-in last-out
facility shall be on terms as agreed with the Increase Loan Lenders but the
Applicable Margins and the Unused Line Fee Rate under the then existing
Revolving Commitment Increase shall be increased to be consistent with that for
such Revolving Commitment Increase and (y) in the form of a first-in last-out
facility shall be on terms as agreed with the Increase Loan Lenders thereunder but shall not include any
 most favored nation  pricing provisions, (ii) the Revolving Commitment Increase
(other than an Incremental FILO Facility) shall share ratably in any mandatory
prepayments of the Revolving Loans, (iii) after giving effect to such Revolving
Commitment Increases, Revolving Commitments shall be reduced or increased (as
applicable) based on each Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable
Subfacility or Subfacilities and (iv) other than as set forth in the second
parenthetical in clause (i) of Section 2.15(a) with respect to any Incremental
FILO Facility, the Revolving Commitment Increase shall rank equal in right of
payment and security with and shall benefit from the same guarantees as the
existing Revolving Loans. The Incremental FILO Facility may have a separate
borrowing base against assets of a type included in the Borrowing Base or may be
Incurred in amounts that have no relationship to a borrowing base or the assets
included in the Borrowing Base; provided, that, to the extent the Incremental
FILO Facility is a revolving facility and there are at any time after the
effectiveness of such facility, commitments thereunder to be borrowed against,
any Borrowing under this Agreement shall be required to be made first under the
Incremental FILO Facility until there is no longer any borrowing availability
thereunder (including to the extent that the amount of any borrowing
availability is capped by the size of a borrowing base) prior to being permitted
be made under the Revolving Commitments. Each joinder agreement and any
amendment to any Credit Document requested by the Administrative Agent in
connection with the establishment of the Revolving Commitment Increase may,
without the consent of any of the Lenders, effect such amendments to this
Agreement (an   Incremental Revolving Commitment Agreement  ) and the other
Credit Documents as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate, in the opinion
of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to effect the provisions of this  Section 2.15 .  
 -116-  

2.16.    
 Borrower Representative . Each Borrower hereby designates the Company as
its representative and agent for all purposes under the Credit Documents,
including requests for Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit, designation of
interest rates, delivery or receipt of communications, preparation and delivery
of Borrowing Base and financial reports, receipt and payment of Obligations,
requests for waivers, amendments or other accommodations, actions under the
Credit Documents (including in respect of compliance with covenants), and all
other dealings with the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender.
The Company hereby accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and the
Lenders shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying
upon, any notice or communication (including any Notice of Borrowing) delivered
by the Company on behalf of any Borrower. The Administrative Agent and the
Lenders may give any notice or communication with a Borrower hereunder to the
Company on behalf of such Borrower. Each of the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have the right, in its discretion, to deal
exclusively with the Company for any or all purposes under the Credit Documents.
Each Borrower agrees that any notice, election, communication, representation,
agreement or undertaking made on its behalf by the Lead Borrower shall be
binding upon and enforceable against it.  
 2.17.    
 Overadvances . If (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate U.S.
Revolving Exposure outstanding exceeds the U.S. Line Cap, (ii) the Dollar
Equivalent of the aggregate Canadian Revolving Exposure outstanding exceeds the
Canadian Line Cap, (iii) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Dutch Revolving
Exposure outstanding exceeds the Dutch Line Cap or (iv) the Dollar Equivalent of
the aggregate Revolving Exposure outstanding exceeds the Line Cap (each of the
foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), an   Overadvance  ), in each
case, at any time, the excess amount shall be payable by the applicable
Borrowers in accordance with  Section 2.09(b)(iii) , but all such Revolving
Exposure shall nevertheless constitute Obligations secured by the Collateral and
entitled to all benefits of the Credit Documents. The Administrative Agent may
require Lenders to honor requests for Overadvance Loans and to forbear from
requiring the Borrowers to cure an Overadvance, (a) when no other Event of
Default is known to the Administrative Agent, as long as (i) the Overadvance
does not continue for more than 30 consecutive days (and no Overadvance may
exist for at least five consecutive days thereafter before further Overadvance
Loans are required) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Overadvances and Protective Advances is not known by the Administrative Agent to
exceed 10% of the Line Cap or (b) when the Administrative Agent discovers an
Overadvance not previously known by it to exist, so long as from the date of
such discovery, the Overadvance (i) does not increase by more than $3,500,000,
and (ii) does not continue for more than 30 consecutive days. In no event shall
Overadvance Loans be required that would cause (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the
aggregate outstanding U.S. Revolving Exposure to exceed the aggregate U.S.
Revolving Commitments, (ii) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding
Canadian Revolving Exposure to exceed the aggregate Canadian Revolving
Commitments, (iii) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding Dutch
Revolving Exposure to exceed the aggregate Dutch Revolving Commitments or (iv)
the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Exposure to exceed
the aggregate Revolving Commitments. The making of any Overadvance shall not
create nor constitute a Default or Event of Default; it being understood that
the making or continuance of an Overadvance shall not constitute a waiver by the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders of the then existing Event of Default. In no
event shall any Borrower or other Credit Party be permitted to require any
Overadvance Loan to be made. Required Lenders may at any time revoke the
Administrative Agent s authority to make further Overadvance Loans by written
notice to the Administrative Agent. Absent such revocation, the Administrative
Agent s determination that funding of an Overadvance Loan is appropriate shall
be conclusive.  
 -117-  

2.18.    
 Protective Advances . The Administrative Agent shall be authorized, in its
discretion, following notice to and consultation with the Company, at any time,
to make U.S. Base Rate Loans to the U.S. Borrowers (each such loan, a   U.S.
Protective Advance  ), Canadian Prime Loans (through its Canada branch or
Canadian lending office) to the Canadian Borrowers (each such Loan, a
  Canadian Protective Advance  ) and European Base Rate Loans (through its
London branch or U.K. lending office) to the Dutch Borrowers (each such Loan, a
  Dutch Protective Advance   and, together with the U.S. Protective
Advances and Canadian Protective Advances,   Protective Advances  ) (a) (i)
in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount of all Overadvance
Loans, not to exceed 10% of the Line Cap, (ii) in an aggregate amount, together
with the aggregate amount of Overadvance Loans under the U.S. Subfacility, not
to exceed 10% of the Line Cap for the U.S. Subfacility, (iii) in an aggregate
amount, together with the aggregate amount of Overadvance Loans under the
Canadian Subfacility, not to exceed 10% of the Line Cap for the Canadian
Subfacility and (iv) in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount
of Overadvance Loans under the Dutch Subfacility, not to exceed 10% of the Line
Cap for the Dutch Subfacility, if the Administrative Agent deems such Protective
Advances necessary or desirable to preserve and protect the Collateral, or to
enhance the collectability or repayment of the Obligations under such
Subfacility; or (b) to pay any other amounts chargeable to Credit Parties under
any Credit Documents, including costs, fees and expenses;  provided  that
(i) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of outstanding Protective
Advances  plus  the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding amount of
Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (ii)
the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of outstanding U.S. Protective
Advances  plus  the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding amount of U.S.
Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate U.S. Revolving Commitments,
(iii) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of outstanding Canadian
Protective Advances  plus  the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding amount
of Canadian Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Canadian Revolving
Commitments and (iv) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of
outstanding Dutch Protective Advances  plus  the Dollar Equivalent of the
outstanding amount of Dutch Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate
Dutch Revolving Commitments. Each applicable Lender shall participate in each
Protective Advance in accordance with its Pro Rata Percentage under the
applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities. Required Lenders may at any time revoke
the Administrative Agent s authority to make further Protective Advances under
clause (a) by written notice to the Administrative Agent. Absent such
revocation, the Administrative Agent s determination that funding of a
Protective Advance is appropriate shall be conclusive. The Administrative Agent
may use the proceeds of such Protective Advances to (a) protect, insure,
maintain or realize upon any Collateral; or (b) defend or maintain the validity
or priority of the Collateral Agent s Liens on any Collateral, including any payment of a judgment,
insurance premium, warehouse charge, finishing or processing charge, or landlord
claim, or any discharge of a Lien.  
 -118-  

2.19.    
 Extensions of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments .  
 (a)     The
Company may at any time and from time to time request that all or a portion of
the Revolving Commitments of any Class (including in respect of any Subfacility,
and, in each case, including any previously extended Revolving Commitments),
existing at the time of such request (each, an   Existing Revolving
Commitment   and any related Revolving Loans under any such Class (including
in respect of any Subfacility),   Existing Revolving Loans   each Existing
Revolving Commitment and related Existing Revolving Loans together being
referred to as an  Existing Revolving Class ) be converted or exchanged to
extend the termination date thereof and the scheduled maturity date(s) of any
payment of principal with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of
Existing Revolving Loans related to such Existing Revolving Commitments (any
such Existing Revolving Commitments which have been so extended,   Extended
Revolving Commitments   and any related Revolving Loans,   Extended
Revolving Loans  ) and to provide for other terms consistent with this
 Section 2.19 . Prior to entering into any Extension Amendment with respect
to any Extended Revolving Commitments, the Company shall provide a notice to the
Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the
Lenders of the applicable Class (including in respect of any Subfacility) of
Existing Revolving Commitments, with such request offered equally to all Lenders
of such Class (including in respect of any Subfacility)) (a   Extension
Request  ) setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Revolving
Commitments to be established thereunder, which terms shall be similar to those
applicable to the Existing Revolving Commitments from which they are to be
extended (the  Specified Existing  Revolving Commitment Class  ) except
that (w) all or any of the final maturity and/or termination dates of such
Extended Revolving Commitments may be delayed to later dates than the final
maturity and/or termination dates of the Existing Revolving Commitments of the
Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class, (x)(A) the interest rates,
interest margins, rate floors, upfront fees, funding discounts, original issue
discounts and prepayment terms and premiums with respect to the Extended
Revolving Commitments may be different than those for the Existing Revolving
Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class and/or (B)
additional fees and/or premiums may be payable to the Lenders providing such
Extended Revolving Commitments in addition to or in lieu of any of the items
contemplated by the preceding clause (A) and (y)(1) the Unused Line Fee Rate
with respect to the Extended Revolving Commitments may be different than those
for the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class and (2) the Extension
Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply to any period
after the Latest Maturity Date;  provided  that, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this  Section 2.19  or otherwise, (I) the borrowing and
repayment (other than in connection with a permanent repayment and termination
of commitments) of the Extended Revolving Loans under any Extended Revolving
Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with any borrowings and repayments
of the Existing Revolving Loans of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment
Class (the mechanics for which may be implemented through the applicable
Extension Amendment and may include technical changes related to the borrowing
and repayment procedures of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class)
and (II) subject to the applicable limitations set forth in  Section 2.07 ,
permanent repayments of Extended Revolving Loans (and corresponding permanent
reduction in the related Extended Revolving Commitments) shall be permitted as
may be agreed between the Company and the Lenders thereof. No Lender shall have
any obligation to agree to have any of its Revolving Loans or Revolving
Commitments of any Existing Revolving Class converted or exchanged into Extended
Revolving Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments pursuant to any Extension
Request. Any Extended Revolving Commitments of any Extension Series shall
constitute a separate Class of Revolving Commitments from Existing Revolving
Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class and from any
other Existing Revolving Commitments (together with any other Extended Revolving
Commitments so established on such date).  

(b)     The
Company shall provide the applicable Extension Request to the Administrative
Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as the
Administrative Agent may determine in its reasonable discretion) prior to the
date on which Lenders under the Existing Revolving Class are requested to
respond, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by,
or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably, to
accomplish the purpose of this  Section 2.19 . Any Lender (an   Extending
Lender  ) wishing to have all or a portion of its Revolving Commitments (or
any earlier Extended Revolving Commitments) of an Existing Revolving Class
subject to such Extension Request converted or exchanged into Extended Revolving
Commitments shall notify the Administrative Agent (an   Extension
Election  ) on or prior to the date specified in such Extension Request of
the amount of its Revolving Commitments (and/or any earlier Extended Revolving
Commitments) which it has elected to convert or exchange into Extended Revolving
Commitments (subject to any minimum denomination requirements imposed by the
Administrative Agent). Any Lender that does not respond to the Extension Request
on or prior to the date specified therein shall be deemed to have rejected such
Extension Request. Each Lender under the Class of Existing Revolving Loans being
extended shall have the opportunity to participate in such extension on the same
terms as each other Lender under such Class of Existing Revolving Loans. In the
event that the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments (and any earlier
extended Extended Revolving Commitments) subject to Extension Elections exceeds
the amount of Extended Revolving Commitments requested pursuant to the Extension
Request, Revolving Commitments or earlier extended Extended Revolving
Commitments, as applicable, subject to Extension Elections shall be converted to
or exchanged to Extended Revolving Commitments on a pro rata basis (subject to
such rounding requirements as may be established by the Administrative Agent)
based on the amount of Revolving Commitments and earlier extended Extended
Revolving Commitments included in each such Extension Election or as may be
otherwise agreed to in the applicable Extension Amendment. Notwithstanding the
conversion of any Existing Revolving Commitment into an Extended Revolving
Commitment, unless expressly agreed by the holders of each affected Existing
Revolving Commitment of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class, such
Extended Revolving Commitment shall not be treated more favorably than all
Existing Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment
Class for purposes of the obligations of a Lender in respect of Swingline Loans
and Letters of Credit, except that the applicable Extension Amendment may
provide that the last day for making Swingline Loans and/or the last day for
issuing Letters of Credit may be extended and the related obligations to make
Swingline Loans and issue Letters of Credit may be continued (pursuant to
mechanics to be specified in the applicable Extension Amendment) so long as the
Swingline Lender and/or each Issuing Bank shall have consented to such
extensions (it being understood that no consent of any other Lender shall be
required in connection with any such extension).  
 (c)    
Extended Revolving Commitments shall be established pursuant to an amendment (an
  Extension Amendment  ) to this Agreement (notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth in  Section   12.10 , shall not require the consent
of any Lender other than the Extending Lenders with respect to the Extended
Revolving Commitments established thereby), executed by the Credit Parties, the
Administrative Agent and the Extending Lenders. In connection with any Extension
Amendment, the Company shall deliver an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the
applicable Extending Lenders (i) as to the enforceability of such Extension
Amendment, this Agreement as amended thereby, and such of the other Credit
Documents (if any) as may be amended thereby and covering customary matters and
(ii) to the effect that such Extension Amendment, included the Extended
Revolving Loans and Extended Revolving Commitments provided for therein, does
not breach or result in a default under this Agreement.  
 (d)    
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (i) on any
date on which any Class of Existing Revolving Commitments is converted or
exchanged to extend the related scheduled maturity or termination date(s) in
accordance with paragraph (a) above (an   Extension Date  ), the aggregate principal amount of such Existing Revolving
Commitments shall be deemed reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate
principal amount of Extended Revolving Commitments so converted or exchanged by
such Lender on such date (or by any greater amount as may be agreed by the
Company and such Lender), and such Extended Revolving Commitments shall be
established as a separate Class of Revolving commitments from the Specified
Existing Revolving Commitment Class and from any other Existing Revolving
Commitments (together with any other Extended Revolving Commitments so
established on such date) and (ii) if, on any Extension Date, any Existing
Revolving Loans of any Extending Lender are outstanding under the Specified
Existing Revolving Commitment Class, such Existing Revolving Loans (and any
related participations) shall be deemed to be converted or exchanged to Extended
Revolving Loans (and related participations) of the applicable Class in the same
proportion as such Extending Lender s Specified Existing Revolving Commitments
to Extended Revolving Commitments of such Class.  
 -120-  

(e)     In
the event that the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that
the allocation of the Extended Revolving Commitments of a given Class to a given
Lender was incorrectly determined as a result of manifest administrative error
in the receipt and processing of an Extension Election timely submitted by such
Lender in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable Extension
Amendment, then the Administrative Agent, the Company and such affected Lender
may (and hereby are authorized to), in their sole discretion and without the
consent of any other Lender, enter into an amendment to this Agreement and the
other Credit Documents (each, a   Corrective Extension Amendment  ) within
15 days following the effective date of such Extension Amendment, as the case
may be, which Corrective Extension Amendment shall (i) provide for the
conversion or exchange and extension of Existing Revolving Commitments (and
related Revolving Exposure), as the case may be, in such amount as is required
to cause such Lender to hold Extended Revolving Commitments (and related
Revolving Exposure) of the applicable Extension Series into which such other
commitments were initially converted or exchanged, as the case may be, in the
amount such Lender would have held had such administrative error not occurred
and had such Lender received the minimum allocation of the applicable Loans or
Commitments to which it was entitled under the terms of such Extension
Amendment, in the absence of such error, and (ii) be subject to the satisfaction
of such conditions as the Administrative Agent, the Company and such Lender may
agree.  
 (f)     No
conversion or exchange of Loans or Commitments pursuant to any Extension
Amendment in accordance with this  Section 2.19  shall constitute a
voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement.
 
 2.20.    
 Adjustment of Revolver Commitments .  
 (a)     The
Company may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, request that the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders increase or decrease any Subfacility (a
  Revolver Commitment Adjustment  ), which request shall be granted by each
Lender electing to participate in such Revolver Commitment Adjustment (subject
to the last sentence of this clause (a)) provided that each of the following
conditions are satisfied: (i) no more than four Revolver Commitment Adjustments
may be made in any fiscal year, (ii) the written request for a Revolver
Commitment Adjustment must be received by the Administrative Agent at least five
(5) Business Days (or such shorter period of time as may be reasonably agreed to
by the Administrative Agent) prior to the requested date (which shall be a
Business Day) of the effectiveness of such Revolver Commitment Adjustment (such
date of effectiveness, the   Commitment Adjustment Date  ), (iii) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date
of such request or both immediately before and after giving effect thereto as of
the Commitment Adjustment Date, (iv) any increase in any Subfacility shall
result in a Dollar-for-Dollar decrease in one or more other Subfacilities
pursuant to this  Section 2.20 , and any decrease in the any Subfacility
pursuant to this  Section 2.20  shall result in a Dollar-for-Dollar
increase in one or more other Subfacilities, (v) the North American Minimum Requirement shall
be met at such time, (vi) no Revolver Commitment Adjustment shall be permitted
if, after giving effect thereto, an Overadvance would exist as determined
according to the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered pursuant to clause (ii),
and (viii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the
Company dated as of the Commitment Adjustment Date certifying the satisfaction
of all such conditions (including calculations thereof in reasonable detail) and
otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent. Any such Revolver Commitment Adjustment shall be in an amount equal to
$5,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall concurrently
increase or reduce, as applicable, the aggregate Revolving Commitments available
for use under each Subfacility on a basis allocated by the Administrative Agent
following discussion with each Lender as to their desire to participate in such
Revolver Commitment Adjustment (which allocation may vary from each such
Lender s Pro Rata Percentage under the applicable Subfacility or Subfacilities
of the amount to be reallocated). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) each Lender
may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to have its Revolving Commitment
reallocated in connection with any requested Revolver Commitment Adjustment, it
being understood that no Lender shall be obligated to reallocate its Revolving
Commitment unless it, in its sole discretion, so agrees and, if a Lender fails
to respond to any request for a Revolver Commitment Adjustment within five (5)
Business Days after such Lender s receipt of such request, such Lender shall be
deemed to have declined to participate in such Revolver Commitment Adjustment
and (ii) in no event shall a Lender s aggregate Commitment be reduced without
its explicit consent.  
 -121-  

(b)     The
Administrative Agent shall promptly inform the Lenders of any request for a
Revolver Commitment Adjustment made by the Company. If the conditions set forth
in clause (a) above are not satisfied on the applicable Commitment Adjustment
Date (or, to the extent such conditions relate to an earlier date, such earlier
date), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company in writing that the
requested Revolver Commitment Adjustment will not be effectuated;
 provided ,  however , that the Administrative Agent shall in all
cases be entitled to rely (without liability) on the certificate delivered by
the Company pursuant to clause (a)(viii) immediately above in making its
determination as to the satisfaction of such conditions. On each Commitment
Adjustment Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders and the
Company, on or before 2:00 p.m. (Local Time), by e-mail, of the occurrence of
the Revolver Commitment Adjustment to be effected on such Commitment Adjustment
Date, the amount of Revolving Loans held by each Lender as a result thereof, the
amount of the Revolving Commitment of each Lender available for use under each
Subfacility and the percentage of each Revolving Loan that each participant must
purchase a participation interest in as a result thereof.  
 2.21.    
 Subsidiary Borrowers .  
 (a)     The
Company may at any time, upon not less than 5 Business Days  notice from the
Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be reasonably
agreed by the Administrative Agent), designate any one or more Domestic
Subsidiaries, Canadian Subsidiaries or Dutch Subsidiaries of the Company that
have assets of the type eligible for inclusion in the applicable Borrowing Base
(an   Applicant Borrower  ) as a U.S. Borrower, Canadian Borrower or Dutch
Borrower, respectively, to receive Loans hereunder by delivering to the
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each
Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of
 Exhibit K  or such other form as may be agreed by the Company and the
Administrative Agent (acting reasonably) (a   Borrower Designation Request and
Assumption Agreement  ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior
to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities
provided for herein the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received
such supporting resolutions, constitutional documents, incumbency certificates,
opinions of counsel, other documents required to be delivered pursuant to the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, valuations and other documents,
instruments or information (including any  know-your-customer  information
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the
Administrative Agent)), in each case similar in scope and substance to the same type of
documents delivered on the Closing Date, as may be required by the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, and Notes signed by such new
Borrowers to the extent any Lenders so require. If the Administrative Agent
agrees that an Applicant Borrower shall have satisfied all of the requirements
of this  Section 2.21  and, therefore, be entitled to receive Loans
hereunder, then promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions,
incumbency certificates, other documents required to be delivered pursuant to
the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, opinions of counsel and other
documents, instruments or information, the Administrative Agent shall send a
notice in substantially the form of  Exhibit K  (a   Borrower Designation
Notice  ) to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon
which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a U.S. Borrower, if the Applicant
Borrower is a Domestic Subsidiary, a Canadian Borrower, if the Applicant
Borrower is a Canadian Subsidiary, or a Dutch Borrower, if the Applicant
Borrower is a Dutch Subsidiary, for purposes hereof, whereupon each of the
Lenders agrees to permit such Applicant Borrower to become a Borrower for all
purposes of this Agreement (including to receive Loans hereunder, on the terms
and conditions set forth herein);  provided  that no Notice of Borrowing
may be submitted by or on behalf of such Applicant Borrower until one Business
Day after such effective date.  
 -122-  

(b)     The
Company may from time to time, upon not less than 5 Business Days  notice from
the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be
reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent), terminate any Domestic
Subsidiary's, Canadian Subsidiary s or Dutch Subsidiary s status as a Borrower;
 provided  that there are no outstanding Revolving Loans or LC Obligations
payable by such Borrower or other amounts payable by such Borrower on account of
any Credit Extensions made to it, as of the effective date of such termination
(unless such Loans and other Obligations have been assumed by another Borrower).
Following the termination of any Subsidiary s status as a Borrower hereunder,
such Subsidiary shall, subject to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
remain a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall remain subject to the terms of this
Agreement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such
termination of a Borrower s status. 
 2.22.    
 Reserves .  
 (a)     The
Administrative Agent may at any time and from time to time in the exercise of
its Permitted Discretion establish and increase or decrease Reserves;
 provided  that, as a condition to the establishment of any new category of
Reserves, or any increase in Reserves resulting from a change in the manner of
determination thereof, any Required Reserve Notice shall have been given to the
Company. The amount of any Reserve established or modified by the Administrative
Agent shall have a reasonable relationship to circumstances, conditions, events
or contingencies that are the basis for such Reserve, as reasonably determined,
without duplication, by the Administrative Agent;  provided  that
circumstances, conditions, events or contingencies existing or arising prior to
the Closing Date and, in each case, disclosed in writing in any Field
Examination or Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection
herewith or otherwise known to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing
Date shall not be the basis for any establishment of any Reserves after the
Closing Date, unless (x) such circumstances, conditions, events or contingencies
shall have changed in a material respect since the Closing Date or (y) the
Administrative Agent has identified, or been made aware of, such circumstances,
conditions, events or contingencies prior to the Closing Date and advised the
Company that a future Reserve may be taken therefor.  
 (b)     Upon
delivery of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall be available to discuss
the proposed Reserve or increase, and the Company may take such action as may be
required so that the event, condition or matter that is the basis for such
Reserve or increase no longer exists, in a manner and to the extent reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its Permitted
Discretion. In no event shall such notice and opportunity limit the right of the
Administrative Agent to establish or change such Reserve, unless the Administrative
Agent shall have determined in its Permitted Discretion that the event,
condition or other matter that is the basis for such new Reserve or such change
no longer exists or has otherwise been adequately addressed by the Credit
Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Reserves shall not
duplicate eligibility criteria contained in the definition of the term  Eligible
Accounts ,  Eligible Equipment ,  Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate ,  Eligible
InTransit Inventory ,  Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit Backed Account  or
 Eligible Inventory  and vice versa, or reserves or criteria deducted in
computing the Cost or Fair Market Value or the Outstanding Balance or the Net
Orderly Liquidation Value of any Eligible Account, Eligible Equipment, Eligible
Fee-Owned Real Estate, Eligible In-Transit Inventory, Eligible Insured and
Letter of Credit Backed Account or Eligible Inventory, as the case may be, and
vice versa.  
 -123-  

Section 3    
 Yield Protection, Illegality and Replacement of Lenders .  
 3.01.    
 Increased Costs, Illegality, etc .  
 (a)     In
the event that (x) in the case of clause (i) below, the Administrative Agent, or
(y), in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) below, any Lender, shall have
determined (which determination shall, absent demonstrable error, be final and
conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto:  
 
(i)     on any Rate Determination Date that, by reason of
any changes arising after the Closing Date affecting the interbank Eurodollar
market or Canadian interbank market, adequate and fair means do not exist for
ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in the
definition of the term  Eurocurrency Rate  or  Canadian B/A Rate   
 
(ii)     at any time, that such Lender shall incur increased
costs or reductions in the amounts received or receivable hereunder with respect
to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent Loan because of any change since
the Closing Date in any Requirements of Law (whether or not having the force of
a law) or in the official interpretation or administration thereof and including
the introduction of any new Requirements of Law, official guideline or request,
such as, but not limited to: (A) any Tax imposed on any Lender (except
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes indemnifiable under  Section 4.01  or any
Excluded Taxes) or (B) a change in official reserve requirements, but, in all
events, excluding reserves required under Regulation D to the extent included in
the computation of the Eurocurrency Rate or Canadian B/A Rate, as applicable; or

(iii)     at any time, that the making or continuance of any
Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent Loans has been made (x) unlawful by any
Requirement of Law, (y) impossible by compliance by any Lender, in good faith
with any governmental request (whether or not having force of a Requirement of
Law) or (z) impracticable as a result of a contingency occurring after the
Closing Date which materially and adversely affects the London interbank market
for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or the Canadian interbank market;  
 then, and in any such event, such Lender (or the Administrative
Agent, in the case of clause (i) above) shall promptly give notice in writing to
the Company and, except in the case of clause (i) above, to the Administrative
Agent of such determination (which notice to the Administrative Agent shall
promptly transmit to each of the other Lenders). Thereafter (x) in the case of
clause (i) above, Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans shall no
longer be available until such time as the circumstances giving rise to such
notice by the Administrative Agent no longer exist, and any Notice of Borrowing
or Notice of Conversion/Continuation given by the Relevant Borrower with respect
to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans which have not yet been
incurred (including by way of conversion) shall be deemed rescinded by the
applicable Borrowers, (y) in the case of clause (ii) above, each Borrower,
jointly and severally, agrees to pay, as applicable, to such Lender,
upon such Lender s written request therefor, such additional amounts (in the
form of an increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest or
otherwise as such Lender in its sole discretion shall determine) as shall be
required to compensate such Lender for such increased costs or reductions in
amounts received or receivable hereunder (a written notice setting forth the
additional amounts owed to such Lender, showing in reasonable detail the basis
for the calculation thereof, shall be submitted to the Company by such Lender
and shall, absent demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all
the parties hereto), (z) in the case of clause (iii) above, the Borrowers shall
take one of the actions specified in  Section 3.01(b)  as promptly as
possible and, in any event, within the time period required by a Requirement of
Law.  
 -124-  

(b)     At
any time that any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent Loan is affected by
the circumstances described in  Section 3.01(a)(ii) , the Relevant Borrower
may, and in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a B/A Equivalent Loan
affected by the circumstances described in  Section 3.01(a)(iii) , the
Relevant Borrower shall either (x) if the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A
Equivalent Loan is then being made initially or pursuant to a conversion, cancel
such Borrowing by giving the Administrative Agent written notice on the same
date that the Relevant Borrower was notified by the affected Lender or the
Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 3.01(a)(ii)  or  (iii)  or
(y) if the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loan or B/A Equivalent Loan is then
outstanding, upon at least three Business Days  written notice to the
Administrative Agent, require the affected Lender to convert such Eurocurrency
Rate Loan into the applicable Base Rate Loan, or such B/A Equivalent Loan into a
Canadian Prime Loan at the end of the applicable Interest Period or Contract
Period, or such earlier date as may be required by applicable Requirement of
Law,  provided  that if more than one Lender is affected at any time, then
all affected Lenders must be treated the same pursuant to this  Section
3.01(b) .  
 (c)     If
any Lender determines that after the Closing Date the introduction of or any
change in any applicable Requirement of Law, guideline, directive or request
(whether or not having the force of a law) concerning capital adequacy or
liquidity, or any change in interpretation or administration thereof by the NAIC
or any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, will have the
effect of increasing the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to
be maintained by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender based on
the existence of such Lender s Commitments hereunder or its obligations
hereunder, then, each Borrower, jointly and severally, agrees to pay to such
Lender, upon its written demand therefor, such additional amounts as shall be
required to compensate such Lender or such other corporation for the increased
cost to such Lender or such other corporation or the reduction in the rate of
return to such Lender or such other corporation as a result of such increase of
capital or liquidity. In determining such additional amounts, each Lender will
act reasonably and in good faith and will use averaging and attribution methods
which are reasonable,  provided  that such Lender s determination of
compensation owing under this  Section 3.01(c)  shall, absent demonstrable
error, be final and conclusive and binding on all the parties hereto. Each
Lender, upon determining that any additional amounts will be payable pursuant to
this  Section 3.01(c) , will give prompt written notice thereof to the
Company, which notice shall show in reasonable detail the basis for calculation
of such additional amounts.  
 (d)    
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y)
all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any
successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in
each case pursuant to Basel III ((x) and (y) collectively referred to as
  Dodd-Frank and Basel III  ), shall be deemed to be a change after the
Closing Date in a Requirement of Law or government rule, regulation or order,
regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented (including for
purposes of this  Section 3.01 );  provided ,  however , that no
Lender or Issuing Bank shall be entitled to seek compensation under this
 Section 3.01  based on the occurrence of a change in a Requirement of Law arising
solely from Dodd-Frank and Basel III, unless such Lender or Issuing Bank is
generally seeking compensation from other borrowers in the asset-based lending
market with respect to its similarly affected commitments, loans and/or
participations under agreements with such borrowers having provisions similar to
this  Section 3.01 .  
 -125-  

(e)    
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Borrower shall
not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section
(i) for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days
prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies
the Borrower of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation
under this  Section 3.01 ;  provided ,  however , that, if the
introduction or change referred to in  Section 3.01(a)(ii)  or
 3.01(c)  giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive,
then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the
period of retroactive effect thereof; or (ii) such Lender or Issuing Banks is
not charging such costs or reduced return to its borrowers generally with
respect to which it has the right to charge such costs.  
 3.02.    
 Compensation . Each Borrower, jointly and severally, agrees to compensate
each Revolving Lender, upon its written request (which request shall set forth
in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such compensation and the
calculation of the amount of such compensation), for all losses, expenses and
liabilities (including, without limitation, any loss, expense or liability
incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds
required by such Lender to fund its Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent
Loans but excluding loss of the Applicable Margin or other anticipated profits)
which such Lender may sustain: (i) if for any reason (other than a default by
such Lender or the Administrative Agent) a Borrowing of, or conversion from or
into, Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans does not occur on a date
specified therefor in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation
(whether or not withdrawn by the applicable Borrower or deemed withdrawn
pursuant to  Section 3.01(a) ); (ii) if any prepayment or repayment
(including any termination or reduction of Commitments made pursuant to
 Section 2.07  or as a result of an acceleration of the Loans pursuant to
 Section 10 ) or conversion of any of its Eurocurrency Rate Loans or B/A
Equivalent Loans occurs on a date which is not the last day of an Interest
Period or Contract Period with respect thereto (including as a result of the
notice of prepayment, termination or reduction, as applicable, being revoked by
the Relevant Borrower); (iii) if any prepayment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loans
or B/A Equivalent Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of
termination or reduction given by the Company (including as a result of such
notice of termination or reduction being revoked by the Relevant Borrower); (iv)
if any Borrower shall fail to make a payment of any Loan or drawing under any
Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in Canadian Dollars on
its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency or (v) as
a consequence of (x) any other default by any Borrower to repay its Eurocurrency
Rate Loans or B/A Equivalent Loans when required by the terms of this Agreement
or any Note held by such Lender or (y) any election made pursuant to  Section
3.01(b) .  
 3.03.    
 Change of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that on the occurrence of
any event giving rise to the operation of  Section 3.01(a)(ii)  or
 (iii) ,  Section 3.01(c)  or  Section 4.01  with respect to such
Lender, it will, if requested by the Company, use reasonable efforts (subject to
overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending
office for any Loans affected by such event;  provided  that such
designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer
no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, with the object of avoiding the
consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of such Section. Nothing
in this  Section 3.03  shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of
the Borrowers or the right of any Lender provided in  Sections 3.01  and
 4.01 .  
 3.04.    
 Replacement of Lenders . (x) If any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
(y) upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to the operation of  Section
3.01(a)(ii)  or  (iii) ,  Section 3.01(c)  or  Section 
 4.01  with respect to such Lender or (z) in the case of a refusal by a
Lender to consent to certain proposed changes, waivers, discharges or terminations with respect to
this Agreement which have been approved by the Required Lenders as (and to the
extent) provided in  Section 12.10(b) , the Company shall have the right,
if no Event of Default then exists (or, in the case of preceding clause (z),
will exist immediately after giving effect to such replacement), to replace such
Lender (the   Replaced Lender  ) with one or more other Eligible Assignees,
none of whom shall constitute a Defaulting Lender at the time of such
replacement (collectively, the   Replacement Lender  ) and each of whom
shall be required to be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (to
the extent the Administrative Agent s consent would be required for an
assignment to such Replacement Lender pursuant to  Section 12.04 );  provided  that (i) at the time of any replacement pursuant to this  Section 3.04 , the Replacement Lender shall enter into one or more
Assignment and Assumption Agreements pursuant to  Section 12.04(b ) (and
with all fees payable pursuant to  Section 12.04(c)  to be paid by the
Replacement Lender and/or the Replaced Lender (as may be agreed to at such time
by and among the Company, the Replacement Lender and the Replaced Lender))
pursuant to which the Replacement Lender shall acquire all of the Commitments
and outstanding Loans of, the Replaced Lender and, in connection therewith,
shall pay to (x) the Replaced Lender in respect thereof an amount equal to the
sum of (I) an amount equal to the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all
outstanding Loans of the respective Replaced Lender and (II) an amount equal to
all accrued, but theretofore unpaid, fees owing to the Replaced Lender pursuant
to  Section 2.05  and (ii) all obligations of each Borrower due and owing
to the Replaced Lender at such time (other than those specifically described in
clause (i) above in respect of which the assignment purchase price has been, or
is concurrently being, paid) shall be paid in full to such Replaced Lender
concurrently with such replacement. Upon receipt by the Replaced Lender of all
amounts required to be paid to it pursuant to this  Section 3.04 , the
Administrative Agent shall be entitled (but not obligated) and authorized to
execute an Assignment and Assumption Agreement on behalf of such Replaced
Lender, and any such Assignment and Assumption Agreement so executed by the
Administrative Agent and the Replacement Lender shall be effective for purposes
of this  Section 3.04  and  Section 12.04 . Upon the execution of the
respective Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the payment of amounts referred
to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, recordation of the assignment on the register
pursuant to  Section 12.04(e)  and, if so requested by the Replacement
Lender, delivery to the Replacement Lender of the appropriate Note or Notes
executed by the applicable Borrower, (x) the Replacement Lender shall become a
Lender hereunder and the Replaced Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender
hereunder, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this
Agreement (including, without limitation,  Sections 3.01 ,  3.02 ,  4.01 ,  11.07  and  12.01 ), which shall survive as to such
Replaced Lender. In connection with any replacement of Lenders pursuant to, and
as contemplated by, this  Section 3.04 , each Borrower hereby irrevocably
authorizes the Company to take all necessary action, in the name of such
Borrower, as described above in this  Section 3.04  in order to effect the
replacement of the respective Lender or Lenders in accordance with the preceding
provisions of this  Section 3.04 .  
 -126-  

Section 4    
 Taxes .  
 4.01.      Net
Payments .  
 (a)     All
payments made by or on account of any Credit Party under any Credit Document
shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any
Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any Taxes are
required by applicable Requirements of Law to be withheld or deducted by any
applicable withholding agent from such payments, (i) to the extent such
deduction or withholding is on account of an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the
sum payable shall be increased by the applicable Credit Party as necessary so
that after all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or
withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 4.01) have
been made, the Lender (or the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent
receives the payment for its own account) receives an amount equal to the sum it
would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the
applicable withholding agent will make such deductions or withholdings, and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the
full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority. In
addition, the Credit Parties shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. As
soon as practicable after the payment of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
described in this Section  4.01  by the Credit Parties, the Credit Parties
will furnish to the Administrative Agent certified copies of tax receipts
evidencing such payment by the applicable Credit Party or other evidence of such
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent . The Credit Parties
jointly and severally agree, to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative
Agent and each Lender, and reimburse the Administrative Agent and each Lender,
within 10 days of written request therefor, for the amount of any Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender
or required to be withheld or deducted in respect of any payment to the
Administrative Agent or such Lender under any Credit Document, and any Other
Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on or
attributable to amounts payable under this  Section 4.01 ), and any
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to
the amount of such payment or liability prepared in good faith and delivered by
such Administrative Agent or Lender (or by the Administrative Agent on behalf of
a Lender) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  
 -127-  

(b)     Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax
with respect to payments made under any Credit Document shall deliver to the
applicable Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times
reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly
completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or
the Administrative Agent, certifying as to any entitlement of such Lender to an
exemption from, or a reduced rate of, withholding Tax. In addition, each Lender
shall deliver to the applicable Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the
time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent,
such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or
reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable
the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether such Lender is
subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender
shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such
documentation (including any specific documents required below in  Section
4.01(c) ) expired, obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, deliver promptly to
the applicable Borrowers and the Administrative Agent updated or other
appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent) or promptly notify the Borrowers
and the Administrative Agent in writing of its inability to do so.  
 (c)    
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (I) solely with respect to the
U.S. Subfacility: (x) each Lender that is not a United States person (as such
term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the U.S.
Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which it
becomes a party to this Agreement, (i) two accurate and complete original signed
copies of (A) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor
form) claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the
United States is a party or (B) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or
successor form); (ii) in the case of a Lender claiming exemption from U.S.
federal withholding Tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect
to payments of  portfolio interest,  a certificate substantially in the form of
 Exhibit C  (any such certificate, a   U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate  ) and two accurate and complete original signed copies of
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form); (iii) to
the extent a Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Lender
is a partnership or a participating Lender), two accurate and complete original
signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or successor form) of the
Lender, accompanied by Form W-8ECI, Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E, U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate, Form W-9, Form W-8IMY, and/or any other required
information (or successor or other applicable form) from each beneficial owner that would be
required under this  Section 4.01(c)  if such beneficial owner were a
Lender ( provided  that, if the Lender is a partnership for U.S. federal
income Tax purposes (and not a participating Lender), and one or more direct or
indirect partners are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, the U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate may be provided by such Lender on behalf of such direct
or indirect partner(s)); or (iv) two accurate and complete original signed
copies of any other form prescribed by applicable U.S. federal income tax law
(including the Treasury Regulations) as a basis for claiming a complete
exemption from, or a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding Tax on any payments
to such Lender under the Credit Documents; and (y) each Lender that is a United
States person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, shall deliver to
the U.S. Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date
on which it becomes a party to this Agreement, two accurate and complete
original signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any successor
form, certifying that such Lender is exempt from United States backup
withholding and (II) each Lender to the Canadian Borrowers and Dutch Borrowers
shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the
date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement two accurate and complete
original signed copies of either (x) Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any
successor form, certifying that such Lender is exempt from United States federal
backup withholding or (y) an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8
certifying such Lender s non-U.S. status. A Lender shall deliver to the Company
and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the
Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by
applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section
1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for
the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lender s
obligations under FATCA and to determine, if necessary, the amount to deduct and
withhold from payments made to such Lender under any Credit Document. Solely for
purposes of the preceding sentence,   FATCA   shall include any amendment
made to FATCA after the Closing Date.  
 -128-  

(d)    
Notwithstanding any other provision of this  Section 4.01 , a Lender shall
not be required to deliver any documentation that such Lender is not legally
eligible to deliver.  
 (e)     Each
Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Credit
Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by
such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 4.01(b)  or
 4.01(c) .  
 (f)     If
the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Credit Parties or with
respect to which a Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to
 Section 4.01(a) , it shall pay to the relevant Credit Party an amount
equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or
additional amounts paid, by such Credit Party under  Section 4.01(a)  with
respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net
of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest
(other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with
respect to such refund);  provided  that the relevant Credit Party, upon
the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the
amount paid over to such Credit Party (plus any penalties, interest or other
charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative
Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is
required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Nothing in this
 Section 4.01(f)  shall be construed to obligate the Administrative Agent
or any Lender to disclose its Tax returns or any other information regarding its
Tax affairs or computations to any Person or otherwise to arrange its Tax
affairs in any manner other than as it determines in its sole discretion.  
 -129-  

(g)     For
the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this  Section 4.01 , the term
 Lender  shall include any Issuing Bank and any Swingline Lender.  
 4.02.    
 VAT .  
 (a)     All
amounts expressed to be payable under a Credit Document by any Party to a
Finance Party which (in whole or in part) constitute the consideration for any
supply for VAT purposes are deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is
chargeable on that supply, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (b) below, if
VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party to any
Party under a Credit Document and such Finance Party is required to account to
the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Party must pay to such Finance
Party (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for
such supply) an amount equal to the amount of the VAT (and such Finance Party
must promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to that Party). In this
 Section 4.02 , the following expressions shall have the following
meanings: (i)   Finance Party   shall mean any Agent, any Lender or any
other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of
any Credit Party under any Credit Document; (ii)   Party   shall mean any
party to this Agreement and (iii)   VAT   shall mean (a) any tax imposed in
compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system
of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) and (b) any other tax of a similar
nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution
for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or
imposed elsewhere.  
 (b)     If
VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party (the
  Supplier  ) to any other Finance Party (the   Recipient  ) under a
Credit Document, and any Party other than the Recipient (the   Relevant
Party  ) is required by the terms of any Credit Document to pay an amount
equal to the consideration for that supply to the Supplier (rather than being
required to reimburse or indemnify the Recipient in respect of that
consideration):  

(i)  
     
       (where the Supplier is the person required to account to
      the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must also pay
      to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an additional
      amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this
      paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to the Relevant Party an amount equal
      to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax
      authority which the Recipient reasonably determines relates to the VAT
      chargeable on that supply; and   

(ii)  
     
       (where the Recipient is the person required to account to
      the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must promptly,
      following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount equal
      to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the
      Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to credit or
      repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that
  VAT.    
 (c)     Where
a Credit Document requires any Party to reimburse or indemnify a Finance Party
for any cost or expense, that Party shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case
may be) such Finance Party for the full amount of such cost or expense,
including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such
Finance Party reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment
in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority.  
 (d)     Any
reference in this Section 4.02 to any Party shall, at any time when such Party
is treated as a member of a group for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate
and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who is
treated at that time as making the supply, or (as appropriate) receiving the
supply, under the grouping rules (provided for in article 11 of Council Directive 2006/112/EC as amended (or as implemented by any
relevant member state of the European Union)).  

 -130-  

(e)     In
relation to any supply made by a Finance Party to any Party under a Credit
Document, if reasonably requested by such Finance Party, that Party must
promptly provide such Finance Party with details of that Party's VAT
registration and such other information as is reasonably requested in connection
with such Finance Party's VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply.
 
 Section 5    
 Conditions Precedent to Credit Events on the Closing Date . The
Administrative Agents, Swingline Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall
not be required to fund any Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, or arrange for
the issuance of any Letters of Credit on the Closing Date, until the following
conditions are satisfied or waived.  
 5.01.    
 Closing Date; Credit Documents . On or prior to the Closing Date, each
Credit Party, the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks
and each of the Lenders on the date hereof shall have signed a counterpart of
this Agreement (whether the same or different counterparts) and shall have
delivered (by electronic transmission or otherwise) the same to the
Administrative Agent or, in the case of the Lenders, shall have given to the
Administrative Agent telephonic (confirmed in writing), written or telex notice
(actually received) at such office that the same has been signed and mailed to
it.  
 5.02.    
 Officer s Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent
shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed on behalf
of the Company (and not in any individual capacity) by a Responsible Officer of
the Company, certifying on behalf of the Company that (i) no Default or Event of
Default exists and (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in
 Section 7  are true and correct in all material respects (without
duplication of any materiality standard set forth in any such representation or
warranty) on and as of the Closing Date (except for those representations and
warranties that relate to an earlier date, in which event, such representations
and warranties shall have been true in all material respects (without
duplication of any materiality standard set forth in any such representation or
warranty) as of such earlier date).  
 5.03.    
 Opinions of Counsel . On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall
have received from (i) Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP, U.S. counsel to the
Credit Parties, (ii) Wildeboer Dellelce LLP, special Canadian counsel to the
Credit Parties and (iii) NautaDutilh, special Dutch counsel to the Credit
Parties, in each case, an opinion addressed to the Administrative Agents, the
Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto on the Closing Date and
dated the Closing Date in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.  
 5.04.    
 Corporate Documents; Proceedings, etc .  
 (a)     On
the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate
from each Credit Party, dated the Closing Date, signed by a Responsible Officer
of such Credit Party, and to the extent applicable attested to by the secretary
or any assistant secretary of such Credit Party, in each case, on behalf of such
Credit Party (and not in any individual capacity), in customary form, together
with copies of the certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws (or
equivalent organizational documents), as applicable, of such Credit Party and
the resolutions of such Credit Party referred to in such certificate, and each
of the foregoing shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.  
 (b)     On
the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received good-standing
certificates (or similar instrument, if applicable) and bring-down telegrams or
facsimiles, with respect to entities incorporated or formed under the
Requirements of Law of any jurisdiction for the Credit Parties which the Administrative Agent reasonably may have requested,
certified by proper governmental authorities.  
 -131-  

5.05.    
 Solvency Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall
have received a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the
Company substantially in the form of  Exhibit F .  
 5.06.    
 Borrowing Base Certificate . The Company shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the most recent month
ended at least 20 days prior to the Closing Date, substantially in the form of
 Exhibit D .  
 5.07.    
 Material Adverse Effect . Since January 3, 2015, there shall not have
occurred a Material Adverse Effect.  
 5.08.    
 Fees, etc . On the Closing Date, the Company shall have paid to the Agents
and each Lender all fees, if any, required to be paid to such Person on the
Closing Date and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required
to be reimbursed by the Company to the Administrative Agents and the Joint Lead
Arrangers in connection with the Transactions, in the case of such expenses to
the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 
 5.09.    
 Security Agreements . On the Closing Date, (a) each U.S. Credit Party
shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the U.S. Security Agreement,
(b) each Canadian Credit Party shall have duly authorized, executed and
delivered the Canadian Security Agreement described in clause (i) of the
definition thereof and (c) each Dutch Credit Party shall have duly authorized,
executed and delivered the Dutch Security Agreements (other than the deeds of
pledge over shares listed in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) under the definition of
the term  Dutch Security Agreements  (collectively, the   Dutch Pledges Over
Shares  ), which shall be authorized, executed and delivered in accordance
with  Section 8.11(c) ), covering all of such Credit Party s present and
future Collateral required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and the
applicable Credit Parties shall have delivered:  
 
(i)     in respect of each Credit Party, proper financing
statements (Form UCC-1 or the equivalent) authorized for filing under the UCC,
PPSA and RDPRM, and documentation required to register the Dutch Security
Agreement described in clause (iv) of the definition thereof with the tax
authorities in the Netherlands, filings with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, the Canadian Intellectual
Property Office, any documents required for registration of the security
interests in intellectual property granted by the relevant Dutch Security
Agreement with any appropriate intellectual property registers in the
Netherlands and consent letters with respect to each relevant bank in respect of
any security interests in bank account receivables granted by any Dutch Security
Agreement, in each case, as may be reasonably necessary to perfect the security
interests to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(ii)     an executed Perfection Certificate; and  
 
(iii)     (a) certificates, if any (which certificates shall
be accompanied by irrevocable undated stock powers or stock transfer forms, duly
endorsed in blank), representing all Equity Interests (other than (x) the
certificate representing Equity Interests of SunOpta Global Organic Ingredients,
Inc. (and the accompanying irrevocable undated stock power or stock transfer
form), which shall be delivered in accordance with  Section 8.11(e) , and
(y) Excluded Assets), and (b) any promissory notes or other instruments (duly
endorsed, where appropriate) evidencing any Indebtedness for borrowed money
(other than intercompany Indebtedness) in a principal amount in excess of $2,500,000 (individually) owing
to any Credit Party, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b), to the extent
required to be delivered in accordance with the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement.  
 -132-  

5.10.    
 Financial Statements . On or prior to the Closing Date, the Administrative
Agent shall have received (i) the Historical Financial Statements, (ii) the
Borrowers  and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries  most recent annual
projected statement of operations, balance sheet and statement of cash flows,
for the period through December 31, 2020 and (iii) quarterly balance sheet
projections for the period ending December 31, 2016 (the information delivered
under clauses (ii) and (iii), the   Projections  ). The Administrative
Agent hereby confirms that it has received all such Historical Financial
Statements and Projections.  
 5.11.    
 Patriot Act . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received
all documentation and other information about the Company and the other Credit
Parties that shall have been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders and that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines is required
by United States regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer 
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation
the Patriot Act and AML Legislation. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders
hereby confirm that they have received all such information. 
 5.12.    
 Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of
insurance for the insurance policies carried by the Credit Parties.  
 5.13.    
 Repayment of Obligations of Existing Credit Agreements . Reasonably
satisfactory arrangements shall have been made for the repayment in full of the
 Obligations  under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreements and for the
release of all the liens and security interests thereunder.  
 5.14.    
 Field Examinations and Appraisals . The Administrative Agent shall have
received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, all Inventory
Appraisals and Field Examinations and Appraisals of all Eligible Equipment and
Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate, each dated no earlier than three months prior to
the Closing Date. The Administrative Agent hereby confirms that it has received
all of such Appraisals and Field Examinations and is satisfied therewith.  
 5.15.    
 Mortgaged Properties . With respect to each Real Property located in the
United States of America owned as of the Closing Date and listed on  Schedule
5.15 , the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a completed
 life-of-loan  Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard
determination (to the extent a Mortgaged Property is located in a Special Flood
Hazard Area, together with a notice about Special Flood Hazard Area status and
flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Company and the applicable Credit
Party relating thereto) and (ii) a copy of, or a certificate as to coverage
under, and a declaration page relating to, the insurance policies required by
 Section 8.03  hereof and the applicable provisions of the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement, each of which shall (A) be endorsed or otherwise amended
to include a  standard  or  New York  lender s loss payable or mortgagee
endorsement (as applicable), (B) name the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the
Secured Creditors, as additional insured and loss payee/mortgagee, (C) identify
the address of each property located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, the
applicable flood zone designation and the flood insurance coverage and
deductible relating thereto and (D) be otherwise in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the U.S. Administrative Agent.  
 5.16.    
 Intercreditor Agreement . On or prior to the Closing Date, the
Intercreditor Agreement shall have been entered into by the Administrative
Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent for the First Lien Claimholders and Bank of Montreal, a Canadian chartered
bank, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Second Lien Claimholders.  
 -133-  

5.17.    
   Minimum Total Excess Availability . The Total Excess Availability as of
the Closing Date shall be no less than 15.0% of the Line Cap.  
 Section 6    
 Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events . The obligation of each Lender
and each Issuing Bank to make any Credit Extension shall be subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver) of each of the conditions precedent set forth below:
 
 6.01.    
 Notice of Borrowing . The Administrative Agent shall have received a
Notice of Borrowing as required by  Section 2.03  (or such notice shall
have been deemed given in accordance with  Section 2.03 ) if Loans are
being requested (other than pursuant to  Section 2.02(f) ) or, in the case
of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the
Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice
requesting the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of such Letter of
Credit as required by  Section 2.13(b)  or, in the case of the Borrowing of
a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have
received a notice requesting such Swingline Loan as required by  Section
2.12(b) .  
 6.02.    
 Availability . The Availability Conditions on the proposed date of such
Credit Extension shall be satisfied.  
 6.03.    
 No Default . No Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of, or
result from, such funding or issuance, or, in the case of a Borrowing of Loans
under an Incremental FILO Facility, no Event of Default shall exist at the time
of, or result from, such Borrowing only in the case of, and to the extent of, a
deemed Borrowing of Loans under an Incremental FILO Facility upon the inception
of any Incremental FILO Facility at a time when Loans are then outstanding that
have been borrowed in reliance on a Borrowing Base including assets of the same
type as the FILO Borrowing Base.  
 6.04.    
 Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and
warranties made by any Credit Party set forth in  Section 7  hereof or in
any other Credit Document shall be true and correct in all material respects
(without duplication of any materiality standard set forth in any such
representation or warranty) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with
the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of such date (without duplication of any materiality
standard set forth in any such representation or warranty).  
 The acceptance of the benefits of
each Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by each
Borrower to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders that all the
conditions specified in this  Section 6  and applicable to such Credit
Event are satisfied as of that time (other than such conditions which are
subject to the discretion of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders). All of
the Notes, certificates, legal opinions and other documents and papers referred
to in  Section 5  and in this  Section 6 , unless otherwise specified,
shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent at the Notice Office for the
account of each of the Lenders.  
 Section 7    
 Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the Agents, the
Lenders and the Issuing Banks to enter into this Agreement and to make the
Credit Extensions hereunder, each Credit Party, as applicable, makes the
following representations and warranties.  
 7.01.    
 Organizational Status . The Company and each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries (i) is a duly organized or incorporated and validly existing
organization in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation (to the
extent such concept exists and is applicable under the Requirements of Law of
the relevant jurisdiction), (ii) has the organizational power and authority to
own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged,
except to the extent that any failure to have such organizational power and
authority would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and
(iii) is, to the extent such concepts exists and is applicable under the
Requirements of Law of the relevant jurisdiction, duly qualified and is
authorized to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the
ownership, leasing or operation of its property or the conduct of its business
requires such qualifications except for failures to be so qualified which,
individually and in the aggregate, have not had, and could not reasonably be
expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.  
 -134-  

7.02.    
 Power and Authority . Each Credit Party has the corporate, partnership,
limited liability company, unlimited liability company or similar organizational
power and authority, as the case may be, to execute, deliver and perform the
terms and provisions of each of the Credit Documents to which it is party and
has taken all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company,
unlimited liability company or similar organizational action, as the case may
be, to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of each of such
Credit Documents. Each Credit Party has duly executed and delivered each of the
Credit Documents to which it is party, and each of such Credit Documents
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar law generally affecting creditors  rights and by equitable
principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law).
 
 7.03.    
 No Violation . Neither the execution, delivery or performance by any
Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is a party, nor compliance by
it with the terms and provisions thereof, (i) will contravene any provision of
any Requirement of Law, other than any Requirement of Law the violation of which
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii)
will conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien
(except pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the property or assets
of any Credit Party or any of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to
the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, credit agreement or loan
agreement, or any other material agreement, contract or instrument, in each case
to which any Credit Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party or by
which it or any of its property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject
(any such term, covenant, condition or provision, a   Contractual
Requirement  ), the violation of which could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) will violate any provision of the
certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, limited
liability company agreement or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents),
as applicable, of any Credit Party.  
 7.04.    
 Approvals . No order, consent, approval, license, authorization or
validation of, or filing, recording or registration with (except for (x) those
that have otherwise been obtained or made on or prior to the Closing Date (or
with respect to any Person that becomes a Credit Party after the Closing Date,
on or prior to the date such Person becomes a Credit Party) and which remain in
full force and effect on the Closing Date (or with respect to any Person that
becomes a Credit Party after the Closing Date, on or prior to the date such
Person becomes a Credit Party), (y) filings which are necessary to perfect the
security interests and Liens created under the Security Documents to the extent
required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (z) periodic reports
under the Exchange Act), or exemption by, any governmental or public body or
authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to be obtained or made by, or
on behalf of, any Credit Party to authorize, or is required to be obtained or
made by, or on behalf of, any Credit Party in connection with, the execution,
delivery and performance of any Credit Document. 
 -135-  

7.05.    
 Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Projections .  
 (a)     The
Historical Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and
fairly present, in all material respects, the financial positions and results of
operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates and
for the periods indicated. The Projections have been prepared in good faith,
based on assumptions believed as of the Closing Date to be reasonable in light
of the circumstances under which such Projections were prepared; it being
recognized by the Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that such
projections are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, the
projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of
which are beyond the control of Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, that no
assurance can be given that any particular projections will be realized and that
actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections may
differ from the projected results and such differences may be material. Since
the Closing Date, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b)     On
and as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the consummation of the
Transactions (including the incurrence of the Loans made on the Closing Date),
the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent.
 
 7.06.    
 Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened (i) with respect to any Credit
Document or (ii) that either individually or in the aggregate, have had, or
could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.  
 7.07.    
 True and Complete Disclosure . None of the written information or written
factual data (taken as a whole) heretofore or contemporaneously furnished by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective authorized
representatives in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on or
before the Closing Date (including all such information contained in any
confidential information memorandum (and all information incorporated by
reference therein) and in the Credit Documents) for purposes of, or in
connection with, this Agreement, the other Credit Documents or any transaction
contemplated herein or therein contained any untrue statement of material fact
or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make such information and
data (taken as a whole) not materially misleading at such time (after giving
effect to all supplements so furnished prior to the date the representation and
warranty in this  Section 7.07 is being made ) in light of the
circumstances under which such information or data was furnished; it being
understood and agreed that for purposes of this  Section 7.07(a) , such
factual information and data shall not include projections (including the
Projections, financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking
information), pro forma financial information or information of a general
economic or industry specific nature. 
 7.08.      Use of
Proceeds; Margin Regulations .  
 (a)     All
proceeds of the Loans incurred on the Closing Date will be used by the Borrowers
to finance the repayment of the Existing Credit Agreements and to pay
Transaction Costs.  
 (b)     All
proceeds of the Loans will be used for working capital needs and general
corporate purposes, including the financing of capital expenditures, Permitted
Acquisitions, and other permitted Investments, Restricted Payments and any other
purpose not prohibited hereunder.  
 (c)     No
Credit Party is engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in
the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any
Margin Stock. No part of any Credit Event (or the proceeds thereof) will be used
to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Loan nor the use of the proceeds thereof nor the occurrence of any other
Credit Event will violate the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.  
 -136-  

7.09.    
 Tax Returns and Payments . Except where the failure to do so could not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect: (i) the Company and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has
timely filed or caused to be timely filed with the appropriate taxing authority
all Tax returns, statements, forms and reports for Taxes (the   Returns  )
required to be filed by, or with respect to the income, properties or operations
of, the Company and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) the Company
and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have paid all Taxes payable by them
(including in its capacity as a withholding agent), other than those that are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and fully provided for
as a reserve on the financial statements of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. Except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there
is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now pending or, to
the best knowledge of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,
threatened in writing by any authority regarding any Taxes relating to the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.  
 7.10.    
 ERISA .  
 (a)     No
ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Plan is in
compliance in form and operation with its terms and with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable Requirement of Law, except
for such non-compliance that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  
 (b)     There
are no actions, suits or claims pending against or involving a Plan (other than
routine claims for benefits) or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary, threatened, which could reasonably be expected, either
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 7.11.      The
Security Documents .  
 (a)     The
provisions of the Security Documents are effective to create in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors legal, valid and
enforceable security interests and Liens (except to the extent that the
enforceability thereof may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar Requirements of Law generally
affecting creditors  rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law)) in and on all right, title and
interest of the Credit Parties in the Collateral specified therein in which a
security interest or Lien can be created under applicable Requirements of Law,
and (i) in the case of the U.S. Security Agreement and the U.S. Collateral
described therein, upon the timely and proper filing of UCC financing statements
listing each applicable U.S. Credit Party, as a debtor, and the Collateral
Agent, as secured party, in the secretary of state s office (or other similar
governmental entity) in the Location of such Credit Party, the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, has a fully perfected security
interest in and Lien on all right, title and interest in all of the U.S.
Collateral (as described in the U.S. Security Agreement), subject to no other
Liens other than Permitted Liens, to the extent perfection can be accomplished
by filing of financing statements under applicable Requirements of Law in such
Location, (ii) in the case of each Canadian Security Agreement and the Canadian
Collateral described therein, proper filings of PPSA financing statements and
other required filings and registrations required by any Canadian Security
Agreement have been made to create a fully perfected security interest in and
Lien on all right, title and interest in all of the Canadian Collateral, subject
to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens, in each case, to the extent
perfection can be accomplished under applicable Requirements of Law through these actions, (iii) in the case of each Dutch Security
Agreement and the Dutch Collateral described therein, required registrations (in
the case of the Dutch Security Agreement described in clause (iv) of the
definition thereof) have been made, notices have been given or acknowledgements
have been received (in each case, to the extent provided in such Dutch Security
Agreement) to create a fully perfected security interest in and Lien on all
right, title and interest in all of the Dutch Collateral described in such Dutch
Security Agreement, subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens, in
each case, to the extent perfection can be accomplished under applicable
Requirements of Law through these actions, and (iv) upon execution of each
Deposit Account Control Agreement, the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors will have a first priority perfected security interest and
Lien in each Deposit Account subject thereto.  
 -137-  

(b)     Upon
delivery, if any, in accordance with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
each Mortgage will create, as security for the obligations purported to be
secured thereby, a valid and enforceable (except to the extent that the
enforceability thereof may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar Requirements of Law generally
affecting creditors  rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law)) and, upon recordation in the
appropriate recording office, perfected security interest in and mortgage Lien
on the respective Mortgaged Property in favor of the Collateral Agent (or such
other trustee as may be required or desired under local Requirement of Law) for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors, superior and prior to the rights of all
third Persons (except as may exist pursuant to the Permitted Encumbrances
related thereto) and subject to no other Liens (other than Permitted Liens
related thereto).  
 7.12.    
 Title to Real Estate . Each Canadian Credit Party and each U.S. Credit
Party has good and indefeasible title to (or valid leasehold interests in) all
of its Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate and Mortgaged Property, free of Liens
except Permitted Liens or any defects in title which do not constitute Liens or
that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.  
 7.13.    
 Subsidiaries . On and as of the Closing Date, the Company has (i) no
Subsidiary that is a FSHCO or CFC and (ii) no Subsidiaries other than those
Subsidiaries listed on  Schedule 7.13 .  Schedule 7.13  correctly sets
forth, as of the Closing Date, the percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of
the Company in each class of Capital Stock of each of its Subsidiaries and also
identifies the direct owner thereof. There are no Canadian Subsidiaries or Dutch
Subsidiaries that are owned, directly or indirectly, by the U.S. Parent
Borrower.  
 7.14.    
 Compliance with Statutes; Sanctions; Patriot Act; Anti-Corruption Laws .
 
 (a)     Each
of the Company and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of
the Company, each of their respective officers, is in compliance in all material
respects with Anti-Terrorism Laws, Sanctions, the Patriot Act and AML
Legislation. Each of the Company and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in
compliance with all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental
Authorities, in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its
property except where the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b)    
Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer or employee thereof, is a
Person that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is
(i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) a Canadian Blocked
Person, (iii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated nationals, HMT s
Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List or
(iv) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. No part of the proceeds
of any Loans or Letters of Credit hereunder will be used, by any Credit Party or
any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of funding any operations in, financing
any investments or activities in or making any payments in violation of
Sanctions, the Special Economics Measures Act (Canada), Anti-Terrorism Laws, AML
Legislation and any similar Requirements of Law of Canada or the FCPA.  
 -138-  

(c)     The
Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in
all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977 (  FCPA  ), the UK Bribery Act 2010, any Canadian counterpart thereto
applicable to the Company or such Subsidiary, and other similar anti-corruption
legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained policies
and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such
laws.  
 7.15.    
 Investment Company Act . None of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiaries is an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and required to be registered as such.  
 7.16.    
 Environmental Matters .  
 The Company and each Restricted
Subsidiary and their respective operations and facilities are in compliance with
all Environmental Laws and have obtained, maintained and are in compliance with
the requirements of all applicable permits, licenses and other approvals
required to be issued under such Environmental Laws, except where the failure to
comply with Environmental Laws or to obtain, maintain or comply with such
permits, licenses or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened Environmental Claims which would reasonably be expected to
result in liability to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries or with
respect to any Real Property currently or to the knowledge of any Credit Party,
formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiaries, which would in each case be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of any Credit Party, there are no facts,
activities, circumstances, conditions or occurrences that would be reasonably
expected (i) to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against or result in
liability to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) to cause any
Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiaries to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership, lease,
occupancy or transferability of such Real Property by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiaries under any Environmental Law and that in any such case
which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 7.17.    
 Labor Relations . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (a) as of the Closing Date, there are no strikes,
lockouts, slowdowns or other labor disputes pending against the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, threatened
against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) to the knowledge of each
Credit Party, there are no questions concerning union representation with
respect to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries, (c) the hours worked by
and payments made to employees of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiaries
have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other
applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local, or foreign Requirement
of Law dealing with such matters and (d) to the knowledge of each Credit Party,
no wage and hour department investigation has been made of the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiaries.  
 7.18.    
 Intellectual Property . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each other Restricted Subsidiary owns
or has the right to use all Intellectual Property used in, held for use in and
otherwise necessary for the present conduct of their respective businesses. To
the knowledge of each Credit Party, the operation of their respective businesses
by the Company and each other Restricted Subsidiary does not
infringe upon, misappropriate, violate or otherwise conflict with the
Intellectual Property of any third party, except as such would not reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 -139-  

7.19.    
 Centre of Main Interests . The  centre of main interest , as referred to
in the Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency
Proceedings, of each Dutch Credit Party is and has always been located in the
Netherlands. No Dutch Credit Party has any  establishment  (as referred to in
that regulation) in any other jurisdiction other than in Germany.  
 7.20.    
 Borrowing Base Certificate . At the time of delivery of each Borrowing
Base Certificate, assuming that any eligibility criterion that requires the
approval or satisfaction of the Administrative Agent has been approved by or is
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, each Account reflected therein as
eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base is an Eligible Account or Eligible
Insured Letter of Credit Backed Account, the Inventory reflected therein as
eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base constitutes Eligible Inventory
and/or Eligible In-Transit Inventory, the Equipment reflected therein as
eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base constitutes Eligible Equipment and
the Real Property reflected therein as eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing
Base constitute Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate, in each case as of the fiscal
month end (or week end) date for which such Borrowing Base Certificate is
calculated.  
 7.21.    
 Dutch Works Council Act . At the Closing Date and at the time of delivery
of each Borrowing Base Certificate, all requirements under the Dutch Works
Councils Act have been complied with by each Dutch Credit Party and no advice is
required to be sought from any other works council in the group of companies
with which any of the Dutch Credit Parties forms a group in respect of the
Transaction and the transactions contemplated thereby.  
 7.22.    
 Canadian Pension Plans . As of the Closing Date, there are no Canadian
Pension Plans maintained, contributed or administered by any Canadian Credit
Party or in respect of which any Canadian Credit Party has any liability or
obligation.  
 Section 8    
 Affirmative Covenants . The Company and each other Restricted Subsidiary
hereby covenants and agrees that on and after the Closing Date until the Payment
in Full Date:  
 8.01.    
 Information Covenants . The Company will furnish to the Administrative
Agent for further distribution to each Lender:  
 (a)    
 Quarterly Financial Statements . Within 45 days (or such earlier date on
which the Company is required (giving effect to any extensions granted by the
SEC) to make any public filing of such information) after the end of each of the
first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, (i) the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of
such fiscal quarterly accounting period and the related unaudited consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), shareholders  equity
and cash flows for such fiscal quarterly accounting period and for the elapsed
portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of such quarterly accounting
period, in each case setting forth comparative figures for the corresponding
fiscal quarterly accounting period in the prior fiscal year, or in the case of
the balance sheet, setting forth the comparable figures as of the end of the
prior fiscal year, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company (in such
capacity as a Responsible Officer and not in an individual capacity) that they
fairly present, in all material respects and in accordance with GAAP, the
financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the
dates indicated and the results of their operations for the periods indicated,
subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end audit adjustments
and to the absence of footnotes, and (ii) management s
discussion and analysis of the important operational and financial developments
during such quarterly accounting period. 
 -140-  

(b)    
 Annual Financial Statements . Within 90 days (or such earlier date on
which the Company is required (giving effect to any extensions granted by the
SEC) to make any public filing of such information) after the end of each fiscal
year, (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the related
audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss),
shareholders  equity and cash flows for such fiscal year setting forth
comparative figures, or as of the end of, for the preceding fiscal year,
together with an opinion from Deloitte LLP or other independent certified public
accountants of recognized national standing (which opinion (1) may be addressed
to the board of directors and the shareholders of the Company and (2) shall be
without a  going concern  or like qualification nor any qualification as to the
scope of such audit), (ii) the unaudited consolidating balance sheet of each of
(x) the U.S. Parent Borrower and the Domestic Subsidiaries, (y) the Canadian
Parent Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiaries and (z) the Dutch Parent Borrower
and the other Dutch Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the
related unaudited consolidating statements of operations, comprehensive earnings
(loss), shareholders  equity and cash flows by jurisdiction for the United
States, Canada and the Netherlands for such fiscal year setting forth
comparative figures for the preceding fiscal year, or in the case of the balance
sheet, setting forth the comparable figures as of the end of the prior fiscal
year, and (iii) management s discussion and analysis of the important
operational and financial developments during such fiscal year. 
 (c)    
 Perfection Certificate Update . At the time of delivery of the  Section
8.01(b)  annual financials, a certificate from a Responsible Officer
certifying that there have been no changes to Schedules 1(a) and 2(a) of the
Perfection Certificate since the Closing Date or, if later, since the date of
the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 8.01(c), or if
there have been any such changes, a list in reasonable detail of such changes
(but, in each case with respect to this clause, only to the extent that such
changes are required to be reported to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the
terms of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement) and whether the Company and
the other Credit Parties have otherwise taken all actions required to be taken
by them pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement in connection with
any such changes.  
 (d)    
 Annual Budget . Concurrently with the delivery of annual financial
statements pursuant to  Section 8.01(b) , a consolidated annual plan,
prepared in accordance with the Company s normal accounting procedures applied
on a consistent basis, for the next fiscal year, containing quarterly detail,
including projected quarterly borrowing base levels for the fiscal year (it
being understood that such plan has already been delivered under this  Section
8.01(d)  for the 2016 fiscal year).  
 (e)    
 Officer s Certificates . At the time of the delivery of the Section 8.01
Financials, a Compliance Certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Company,
certifying on behalf of the Company that, to such Responsible Officer s
knowledge after due inquiry, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or, if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof, which certificate shall
also set forth (i) the reasonably detailed calculations with respect to the
Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for such period, whether or not a
Financial Covenant Triggering Event shall have occurred and (ii) a list of all
Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company specifying whether each such Subsidiary
is a  Material Subsidiary  or an  Immaterial Subsidiary  for purposes of this
Agreement.  
 -141-  

(f)    
 Notices . Promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Company or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the
occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or
any event of default under the Second Lien Loan Agreement (or the Second Lien
Notes Indenture, if applicable) or any refinancing thereof or other debt
instrument in excess of the Threshold Amount, (ii) any litigation or
governmental investigation or proceeding pending against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (x) which, either individually or in the aggregate, has had, or
could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect or (y) with
respect to any Credit Document, or (iii) any other event, change or circumstance
that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse
Effect.  
 (g)    
 Other Reports and Filings . (i) Promptly upon filing thereof, (x) copies
of any filings (including on Form 10-K, 10-Q or 8-K) or registration statements
with, and reports to, the SEC, the Ontario Securities Commission or any
analogous Governmental Authority in any relevant jurisdiction by the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than amendments to any registration
statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it becomes
effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent for further delivery to the
Lenders), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any
registration statements on Form S-8 and other than any filing filed
confidentiality with the SEC, the Ontario Securities Commission or any analogous
Governmental Authority in any relevant jurisdiction) and (y) copies of all
financial statements, proxy statements, notices and reports that the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall send to the holders of any publicly
issued debt of the Company and/or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in their
capacity as such holders (in each case to the extent not theretofore delivered
to the Administrative Agent for further delivery to the Lenders pursuant to this
Agreement).  
 (h)    
 Financial Statements of Unrestricted Subsidiaries . If following the
Closing Date, any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) is designated
as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, then simultaneously with the delivery of each set
of Section 8.01 Financials, a reconciliation reflecting adjustments necessary to
eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such
consolidated or consolidating financial statements.  
 (i)    
 Monthly Financial Statements . At any time when Total Excess Availability
is less than the greater of (i) 17.5% of the Line Cap and (ii) $35,000,000, upon
the written request of the Administrative Agent, within 10 calendar days after
the end of each fiscal month, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal month and
the related unaudited consolidated statement of operations, for such fiscal
month and, with respect to the consolidated statement of operations only, the
elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of such fiscal month
, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company that they fairly present, in
all material respects and in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition of
the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the
results of their operations for the periods indicated, subject to changes
resulting from audit and normal year-end audit adjustments and to the absence of
footnotes;  provided  that the requirements to deliver monthly financial
statements pursuant to this clause (k) shall terminate upon the date that Total
Excess Availability shall have been at least equal to the greater of (x) 17.5%
of the Line Cap and (y) $35,000,000 over a period of 30 consecutive calendar
days.  
 (j)    
 Pension Plan Notices . The Company shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent upon request (i) a complete copy of the most recent annual report (on
Internal Revenue Service Form 5500 series, including, to the extent required,
the related financial and actuarial statements and opinions and other supporting
statements, certifications, schedules and information) filed with the Internal Revenue Service or other Governmental
Authority of each Plan that is maintained or sponsored by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) copies of the annual actuarial report (including
applicable schedules) with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan as filed with
any applicable Governmental Authority, (iii) copies of annual financial
statements or reports in respect of Canadian Pension Plan funds delivered to the
appropriate Canadian pension authorities, and (iv) all documents relating to
collective pension schemes and agreements relating to individual pensions, such
as pension regulations, letters of pension, agreements with pension agencies
(including business sector and company pension funds and insurers), notices or
letters regarding possible exemption from compulsory participation in a pension
scheme, and premium statements during the then-most recent three years.  
 -142-  

(k)    
 Other Information . Subject to the limitation set forth in  Section
12.14 , from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or
otherwise) with respect to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
(including in relation to any Canadian Pension Plans) as the Administrative
Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request,
including a listing of each Credit Party s trade payables, specifying the trade
creditor and balance due, and a detailed trade payable aging;  provided 
that neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary will be required to
disclose any information or documents (i) that constitutes non-financial trade
secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which
disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective
representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law
or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar
privilege or constitutes attorney work product.  
 (l)    
Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to
have been delivered if such information, or one or more annual or quarterly
reports containing such information (including, in the case of certifications
required pursuant to clause (a) and (b) above, the certifications accompanying
any such report pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002),
shall have been posted by the Administrative Agent on an IntraLinks or similar
site to which the Lenders have been granted access or after written notice from
the Company or shall be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange
Commission at  http://www.sec.gov  within the time periods set forth in
this  Section 8.01 . Information required to be delivered pursuant to this
Section may also be delivered by electronic communications permitted by
 Section 12.03 .  
 8.02.    
 Books, Records and Inspections .  
 (a)     The
Company and any Restricted Subsidiary will keep proper books of record and
accounts in which full, true and correct entries are made in conformity with
GAAP (or applicable local standards) in all material respects.  
 (b)     The
Company will permit the Administrative Agent, subject to reasonable advance
notice to, and reasonable coordination with, the Company and during normal
business hours, to visit and inspect the properties of any Borrower, at the
Borrowers  expense to the extent provided in clause (c) below, inspect, audit
and make extracts from any Borrower s corporate, financial or operating records,
and discuss with its officers and employees and, in the presence of the Company,
any Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Company, independent accountants (subject to
such accountants  customary policies and procedures) such Borrower business,
financial condition, assets and results of operations;  provided  that
excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of
Default, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than
once during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default;
 provided ,  further  that neither the Company nor any Restricted
Subsidiary will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, audit,
examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or
other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial
proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the
Administrative Agent (or its representatives or contractors) is prohibited by
applicable Requirement of Law or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject
to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. In
addition to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall be permitted to
conduct one Field Examination and one Appraisal with respect to any Accounts or
Inventory comprising the Borrowing Base during any 12-month period;
 provided ,  further , that (i) if at any time Total Excess
Availability is less than the greater of (x) 17.5% of the Line Cap and (y)
$35,000,000 for a period of 5 consecutive Business Days during such 12-month
period, one additional Field Examination and one additional Appraisal will be
permitted in such 12-month period and (ii) if an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, there shall be no limit on the number of additional Field
Examinations and Appraisals that shall be permitted at the Administrative
Agent s request; it being understood that such Field Examination or Appraisal
once commenced, may be completed at, subject to  Section 12.01 , the
Borrowers  expense notwithstanding the cessation of such Event of Default.
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any duty to any
Borrower to share any results of any Field Examination with any Borrower. The
Company acknowledges that all Field Examinations and Appraisals are conducted by
or for the Administrative Agent and Lenders for their purposes, and the
Borrowers shall not be entitled to rely upon them. 
 -143-  

(c)    
Subject to  Section 12.01(a) , reimburse the Administrative Agent for any
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative
Agent in connection with (i) one examination per fiscal year of any Borrower s
books and records, (ii) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
any examination per fiscal year of any Borrower s books and records (without
duplication of the examination referred to in clause (i) above) and (iii) Field
Examinations and Appraisals of Collateral comprising the Borrowing Base in each
case subject to the limitations on such examinations, audits and Appraisals
permitted under the preceding paragraph and the succeeding paragraph.  
 (d)    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Equipment and Real Property Appraisals will not
be required at any time following the delivery of the original Appraisals to the
Administrative Agent on the Closing Date. The Company may at its option and its
sole cost and expense, no more than three times after the Closing Date, elect to
effect a reappraisal of the Eligible Equipment and Eligible Fee-Owned Real
Estate (a   Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event  ) by delivering written notice
to the Administrative Agent requesting the retention by the Administrative Agent
of appraisers reasonably satisfactory to them to commence Appraisals covering
any Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate and all Eligible Equipment to be included in
the Borrowing Base calculation going forward. All reports of appraisers must be
provided directly to the Administrative Agent who shall be entitled to rely
thereon. Following the completion of any such additional Appraisals, the Company
may choose to have the Borrowing Base calculated based on the updated
information set forth in such Appraisals (and including only the Eligible
Equipment and Eligible Fee-Owned Real Estate so appraised), until such time as a
further additional Appraisal is completed, if ever, on the applicable assets;
 provided  that, the Company may not elect to conduct a Fixed Asset
Reappraisal Event unless, on the date of such election, the Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently completed Test Period to occur on or
prior to such date of election is no less than 1.0 to 1.0, and no Default or
Event of Default exists and is continuing on such date. For the avoidance of
doubt, (i) even if the Company chooses not to cause the Borrowing Base to be
calculated based on such updated Appraisals, only the assets so appraised shall
be included in future Borrowing Base calculations and the Administrative Agent
may establish Reserves with respect to such assets in its Permitted Discretion,
and (ii) following such notice of a Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event, once such
Appraisals have commenced, the Company shall not have the option to discontinue
such Appraisals. The Company acknowledges that all Appraisals are conducted by
or for the Administrative Agent and Lenders for their purposes, and the
Borrowers shall not be entitled to rely upon them. 
 -144-  

8.03.    
 Maintenance of Property; Insurance .  
 (a)     The
Company and each Restricted Subsidiary will, (i) keep all tangible property
necessary to the business of the Company and such Restricted Subsidiary in good
working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation
excepted, except to the extent that the failure to so keep such property in good
working order and condition would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies (as determined in good faith by the Company) insurance on all such
property and the businesses of the Company and such Restricted Subsidiary
against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons
engaged in the same or similar businesses, of such types and in such amounts
(after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonably and customary for
similarly situated Persons who are engaged in the same or similar businesses as
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries) as are customarily carried under
similar circumstances by such other Persons (in the good faith determination of
the Company) and in accordance with industry practice for companies similarly
situated owning similar properties and engaged in similar businesses as the
Company and such Restricted Subsidiary and (iii) furnish to the Administrative
Agent, upon its reasonable request therefor, evidence as to its compliance with
the foregoing clause (ii).  
 (b)     If
the improvements on a Mortgaged Property are at any time located in an area
identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency)
as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been
made available under the Flood Insurance Laws (including as a result of
re-zoning), then the Relevant Borrower shall, or shall cause the applicable
Credit Party to (i) maintain, with a financially sound and reputable insurer,
flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all
applicable Requirements of Law promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws
and (ii) subject to the proviso in clause (f) of the definiton of  Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement , deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such
insurance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and the U.S. Revolving Lenders, including, without limitation, evidence of
annual renewals of such insurance.  
 (c)     The
Company and each Restricted Subsidiary will at all times keep its property
constituting Collateral insured in favor of the Collateral Agent, and all
policies or certificates (or certified copies thereof) with respect to such
insurance (and any other insurance maintained by the Company and/or such
Restricted Subsidiaries) (i) shall be endorsed to the Administrative Agent s
reasonable satisfaction for the benefit of the Collateral Agent (including,
without limitation, by naming the Collateral Agent as additional loss payee or
additional insured, as applicable), (ii) shall, in the case of Canadian
Collateral, include an Insurance Bureau of Canada, Form 3000, mortgagee
endorsement, and (iii) if agreed by the insurer (which agreement the Relevant
Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain), shall state that
such insurance policies shall not be canceled without at least 30 days  prior
written notice thereof (or, with respect to non-payment of premiums, 10 days 
prior written notice) by the respective insurer to the Collateral Agent;
 provided  that the requirements of this Section 8.03(c) shall not apply to
(x) insurance policies covering (1) directors and officers, fiduciary or other
professional liability, (2) employment practices liability, (3) workers 
compensation liability, (4) automobile and aviation liability, (5) health,
medical, dental and life insurance, and (6) such other insurance policies and
programs as the Collateral Agent may approve; and (y) self-insurance programs.
 
 (d)     If
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to maintain insurance in
accordance with this  Section 8.03 , after any applicable grace period, the
Administrative Agent shall have the right (but shall be under no obligation),
after 10 Business Days  notice to the Company, to procure such insurance and the
Credit Parties jointly and severally agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent
for all reasonable costs and expenses of procuring such insurance.  
 -145-  

8.04.    
 Existence; Franchises . The Company and any Restricted Subsidiary will (a)
do all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect the
Company s existence and (b) in the case of the Company and such Restricted
Subsidiaries, its and their rights, franchises, licenses, permits, and
Intellectual Property, in each case under this clause (b), to the extent the
failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
 provided ,  however , that nothing in this  Section 8.04  shall
prevent (i) sales and licenses of assets and other transactions by the Company
or such Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with  Section 9.02  or
 Section 9.11 , (ii) the abandonment or allowing the expiration or lapse by
the Company or such Restricted Subsidiaries of any rights, franchises, licenses,
permits, or Intellectual Property that the Company reasonably determines are no
longer material to the operations of the Company and such Restricted
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (iii) the withdrawal by the Company or such
Restricted Subsidiaries of its qualification as a foreign corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or unlimited liability company, as the
case may be, in any jurisdiction if such withdrawal could not, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  
 8.05.    
 Compliance with Statutes, etc . The Company and any Restricted Subsidiary
will comply with all applicable Requirements of Law, and all applicable
restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities, in respect of the conduct
of its business and the ownership of its property (including applicable
Requirements of Law relating to ERISA, Canadian Employee Benefits Legislation,
OFAC, FCPA, Anti-Terrorism Laws, AML Legislation and Patriot Act), except in
each case such noncompliance as could not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 8.06.    
 Compliance with Environmental Laws . The Company and any Restricted
Subsidiary will comply with all Environmental Laws and permits applicable to, or
required by, the ownership, lease or use of Real Property by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary, and will promptly pay or cause to be paid all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with such compliance, and will keep or cause to
be kept all such Real Property free and clear of any Liens imposed pursuant to
such Environmental Laws (other than Liens imposed on leased Real Property
resulting from the acts or omissions of the owner of such leased Real Property
or of other tenants of such leased Real Property who are not within the control
of the Company), except, in each case, where the failure to do so would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Restricted Subsidiary will generate, use, treat, store, Release or
permit the generation, use, treatment, storage, or Release of Hazardous
Materials at, on or under any Real Property by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary, or transport or permit the transportation of Hazardous Materials to
or from any such Real Property, except in compliance with all Environmental Laws
or where such non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  
 8.07.    
 ERISA . As soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, within ten
(10) Business Days after the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary knows of the
occurrence of any of the following, the Company will deliver to the
Administrative Agent a certificate setting forth a reasonable level of detail as
to such occurrence and the action, if any, that the Company, such Restricted
Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, an ERISA Affiliate is required
or proposes to take, together with any notices required or proposed to be given
or filed by the Company, such Restricted Subsidiary, the Plan administrator or,
to the extent available, such ERISA Affiliate to or with the PBGC or any other
Governmental Authority, or a Plan participant and any notices received by the
Company, such Restricted Subsidiary or, to the extent available, such ERISA
Affiliate from the PBGC or any other Governmental Authority, or a Plan
participant with respect thereto: that (a) an ERISA Event has occurred that is
reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (b) the Company,
any Restricted Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any ERISA
Affiliate adopts, or commences contributions to, any Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, or adopts any
amendment to a Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code which is reasonably
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 -146-  

8.08.    
 Payment of Taxes . Each of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary will
pay and discharge all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or
upon any properties belonging to it, prior to the date on which penalties attach
thereto and all lawful claims which, if unpaid, might become a Lien or charge
upon any properties of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary not otherwise
permitted under  Section 9.01(iv) ;  provided  that neither the
Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to pay any such Tax or
claim which is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if
it has maintained adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with
GAAP, or where the failure to pay such Tax or claim would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 8.09.    
 Use of Proceeds . Each Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans only as
provided in  Section 7.08 . No part of the proceeds of any Loans or Letters
of Credit hereunder will be used, by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
for the purpose of funding any operations in, financing any investments or
activities in or making any payments in violation of Sanctions, the Special
Economics Measures Act (Canada), Anti-Terrorism Laws, AML Legislation and any
similar Requirements of Law of Canada or the FCPA.  
 8.10.    
 Additional Security; Further Assurances; etc .  
 (a)     Each
Borrower and each Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary which is a Domestic
Subsidiary, a Canadian Subsidiary or a Dutch Subsidiary, but excluding any
Excluded Subsidiary, will promptly grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Secured Creditors perfected security interests in such Collateral of such
Borrower and such Restricted Subsidiaries as are not covered by Security
Documents then in effect, in order to comply with the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement.  
 (b)    
Subject to the provisions of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the
other limitations set forth in this Agreement or the applicable Security
Documents, with respect to any Person that is or becomes after the Closing Date
a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is either a Domestic Subsidiary, a
Canadian Subsidiary, or a Dutch Subsidiary, or any such Wholly-Owned Restricted
Subsidiary that ceases to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary, but excluding any
Excluded Subsidiary, the applicable Credit Party that is the parent of such
Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary or such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary,
as applicable, shall within 30 days (other than with respect to Real Property,
which actions shall be required only to the extent, and pursuant to the timing,
required by clause (f) of this  Section 8.10 ) (or such longer period as
the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) of such event, (i) cause such new
Subsidiary (A) to execute a joinder agreement to this Agreement, in the form
attached as  Exhibit E  hereto, to join as a Guarantor hereto and a joinder
agreement to each applicable Security Agreement, substantially in the form
annexed thereto, or, if applicable, each additional Security Document in lieu of
such joinder,  provided  that such additional Security Document shall be
substantially similar in form and substance to such applicable Security
Agreement and (B) to take all actions, if any, reasonably necessary or advisable
in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to cause the Lien created by the
applicable Security Agreement to be duly perfected to the extent required by the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement in accordance with all applicable law,
including the filing of financing statements as required by the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement; and (ii) at the reasonable request of the Administrative
Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion,
addressed to the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent and the other
Lenders, of counsel to the Credit Parties reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent as to such matters set forth in this  Section 8.10(b) 
( provided  that the Administrative Agent agrees that any such opinion that
is similar in scope and substance to the opinion of the applicable counsel to
the Credit Parties delivered on the Closing Date with respect to the Security Documents delivered on the Closing Date
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent).  
 -147-  

(c)    
Subject to the limitation set forth in the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
and the other limitations set forth in this Agreement or the applicable Security
Documents, each of the Credit Parties will, at the expense of the Company, make,
execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Administrative Agent,
promptly, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, at Company s
expense, any document or instrument supplemental to or confirmatory of the
Security Documents required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement that are
deemed by the Administrative Agent reasonably necessary for the continued
validity, perfection (or the equivalent with respect to the Canadian Credit
Parties under applicable law in Canada and with respect to the Dutch Credit
Parties, under applicable law in the Netherlands or England) and priority of the
Liens on the Collateral covered thereby subject to no other Liens except for
Permitted Liens or as otherwise permitted by the applicable Security Document.
 
 (d)     Each
of the Credit Parties agrees that each action required by clauses (a) through
(c) of this  Section 8.10  shall be completed as soon as reasonably
practicable, after such action is required to be taken pursuant to such clauses
or requested to be taken by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or
such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall otherwise reasonably
agree), as the case may be;  provided  that, without limiting (x) any
requirement to take any Additional Account Security Action set forth in the
definition of the term  Eligible Accounts  solely for the purpose of determining
the eligibility of Accounts originated by any Borrower that are owed from
Account Debtors located in any Account Debtor Approved Country (other than the
United States, Canada or the Netherlands) for inclusion in the applicable
Borrowing Base or (y) any requirement to take any Additional Inventory Security
Action set forth in the definition of the term  Eligible Inventory  solely for
the purpose of determining the eligibility of any Inventory owned by a Dutch
Borrower and located in the United Kingdom, France or Germany for inclusion in
the Dutch Borrowing Base, in no event will the Credit Parties be required to
take any action, other than using its commercially reasonable efforts, to obtain
consents from third parties with respect to its compliance with this  Section
8.10 .  
 (e)     (i)
During the continuance of a Cash Dominion Period and (ii) after delivery of a
written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Company, to request
Account Debtor notifications in the relevant Account Debtor Approved Countries,
the Relevant Borrowers shall provide notice to the Account Debtors in such
requested Account Debtor Approved Countries of the Collateral Agent s security
interest in the Accounts owing by such Account Debtors.  
 (f)    
Subject to the limitation set forth in the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
and the other limitations set forth in this Agreement or the applicable Security
Documents, with respect to any Material Real Property acquired by any U.S.
Credit Party or any Canadian Credit Party after the Closing Date (or, in each
such case, with respect to any Person that is or becomes after the Closing Date
a U.S. Credit Party or a Canadian Credit Party, any Material Real Property owned
by such Credit Party as to the date such Person became a Credit Party), within
90 days after such acquisition (or designation or formation as a Credit Party)
(or with respect to any Material Real Property under construction or
improvement, within 90 days after substantial completion thereof) (or such later
date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) such
Credit Party shall (i) grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors security interests in and Mortgages on such Material Real
Property pursuant to documentation substantially in the form of Mortgage
delivered to the Collateral Agent with respect to the Mortgaged Properties set
forth on  Schedule 5.15  as of the Closing Date or in such other form as is
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (each, an   Additional
Mortgage  ), which security interest and mortgage shall constitute valid and
enforceable Liens subject to no other Liens except Permitted Liens, at the time
of recordation thereof, and (ii) record or file, and cause each such Credit Party to record or file, the Additional
Mortgage or instruments related thereto in such manner and in such places as is
required by law to establish, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the
Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Creditors) required to be
granted pursuant to the Additional Mortgages and pay, and cause each such Credit
Party to pay, in full, all recording and similar taxes, fees and other charges
required to be paid in connection with such recording or filing, and deliver to
the Collateral Agent all Related Real Estate Documents in connection with such
additional Mortgaged Properties.  
 -148-  

8.11.    
 Post-Closing Actions . Each of the Credit Parties agrees that it will
complete each of the actions described below as soon as commercially reasonable
and by no later than the date set below with respect to such action or such
later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree:  
 (a)     with
respect to each Real Property listed on  Schedule 5.15 , the relevant
Credit Parties shall cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent each of the
Related Real Estate Documents within 90 days following the Closing Date;  
 (b)     the
Administrative Agent shall have received the appropriate endorsements for the
certificates of insurance delivered pursuant to  Section 5.12  within 30
days following the Closing Date;  
 (c)     within
five (5) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent
shall have received (x) the Dutch Pledges Over Shares, which Dutch Pledges Over
Shares (i) shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Dutch
Credit Party party thereto and (ii) shall be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and (y) an opinion from NautaDutilh,
special Dutch counsel to the Credit Parties, addressed to the Administrative
Agents, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto on such date
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;  
 (d)     within ten
(10) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Company and any applicable
Subsidiaries of the Company shall discharge, or cause to be discharged, each and
every filing, registration or recordation made in any province or territory of
Canada (other than Ontario) that perfects, hypothecates or records a Lien made
or created pursuant to, or in connection with, the Second Lien Loan Agreement
and any loan documents thereunder, and the Company and any applicable
Subsidiaries of the Company shall forthwith thereafter provide to the Collateral
Agent evidence of such discharge reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent
including, without limitation, Lien searches conducted in the applicable
provinces and territories of Canada evidencing the complete discharge of such
Liens; and  
 (e)     within
five (5) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to
the Administrative Agent the certificate representing Equity Interests of
SunOpta Global Organic Ingredients, Inc. (and the accompanying irrevocable
undated stock power or stock transfer form);  
 (f)     within
five (5) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall
have received the Subordinated Intercompany Note duly executed by the Company
and each Restricted Subsidiary, together with undated instruments of transfer
with respect thereto endorsed in blank; and  
 (g)     within
thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have
received (i) a draft of the Quebec Hypothec and RDPRM registration form for the
Collateral Agent s approval, and (ii) evidence that such Quebec Hypothec shall
have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Tradin Organics USA LLC.
Once approved by the Collateral Agent, and subsequent to the execution and
requisite filing/registration of same, the Administrative Agent shall have
received (i) RDPRM and Lien searches and other evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent that such filing/registration are the only Liens against
Tradin Organics USA LLC or the Collateral thereof except Liens permitted by
Section 9.01 hereof, and (ii) an opinion from Miller Thomson LLP, special Quebec
counsel to Tradin Organics USA LLC, addressed to the Administrative Agents, the
Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto on such date in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
 -149-  

8.12.    
 Dutch Works Council Act . Each Dutch Credit Party shall comply with the
requirements of the Dutch Works Council Act in respect of the Transaction and
the transactions contemplated thereby.  
 8.13.    
 Certain Additional Account Security Actions and Additional Inventory Security
Actions . (a) Each applicable Borrower shall endeavor to satisfy the
Additional Account Security Actions with respect to Accounts originated by such
Borrower that are owed from Account Debtors located in the United Kingdom,
France and Germany within thirty (30) calendar days after the Closing Date and
(b) each applicable Dutch Borrower shall endeavor to satisfy the Additional
Inventory Security Actions with respect to Inventory located in the United
Kingdom that is owned by such Dutch Borrower within thirty (30) calendar days
after the Closing Date;  provided  that the failure by any Borrower to take
such Additional Account Security Actions and/or Additional Inventory Security
Actions pursuant to this  Section 8.13  shall not constitute a Default or
an Event of Default and the effect of any such failure shall be limited to the
impact, if any, on the eligibility of such Accounts or Inventory, as applicable,
for inclusion in the applicable Borrowing Base pursuant to the rules set forth
in the definitions of the terms  Eligible Accounts  and  Eligible Inventory .
 
 8.14.    
 Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries . The Company may at any time
after the Closing Date designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary by written
notice to the Administrative Agent;  provided  that (i) immediately before
and after such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such designation, the
Distribution Conditions shall be satisfied on a pro forma basis, (iii) in the
case of any Borrower designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all Loans
outstanding to such Borrower shall be repaid in full or assumed by another
Borrower and all Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower shall
have expired or been terminated or assumed by another Borrower, (iv) in the case
of the designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such
designation shall constitute an Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary
(calculated as an amount equal to the aggregate Fair Market Value of all
outstanding Investments owned by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in
such Subsidiary), and such Investment shall be permitted under  Section
9.05 , (v) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if
it is a  Restricted Subsidiary  for the purpose of (I) the Second Lien Loan
Agreement (or the Second Lien Notes Indenture, if applicable), or (II) any other
Contractual Requirement governing any Indebtedness, in each case of this clause
(II), with a principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, (vi)
immediately after giving effect to the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary
as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Company shall comply with the provisions of
 Section 8.10  with respect to such designated Restricted Subsidiary, (vii)
no Restricted Subsidiary may be a Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
(viii) in the case of the designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary, no recourse whatsoever (whether by contract or by operation of law
or otherwise) may be had to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of
their respective properties or assets for any obligations of such Unrestricted
Subsidiary except as permitted by  Section 9.05  and (ix) the Company shall
have delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a certificate
executed by Responsible Officer, certifying to the best of such officer s
knowledge, compliance with the requirements of the preceding clauses (i) through
(vii), inclusive, and containing the calculations (in reasonable detail) required by
the preceding clause (ii). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (A) the incurrence at the time of
designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing
at such time and (B) a return on any Investment by the Company in Unrestricted
Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair
Market Value at the date of such designation of the Company s Investment in such
Subsidiary.  
 -150-  

8.15.    
 Collateral Monitoring and Reporting .  
 (a)    
 Borrowing Base Certificates . By the 20th calendar day after the end of
each fiscal month of the Company, the Company shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver same
to Lenders) a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the close of business of the
previous month;  provided  that, if a Weekly Reporting Event shall have
occurred and be continuing, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent weekly Borrowing Base Certificates by Wednesday of every week prepared as
of the close of business on Friday of the previous week, which weekly Borrowing
Base Certificates shall be in standard form unless otherwise reasonably agreed
to by the Administrative Agent; it being understood that any Borrowing Base
Certificates delivered on a weekly basis will be limited to updating the
balances of the Accounts as of the most recently ended week. All information
(including calculation of Total Excess Availability) in a Borrowing Base
Certificate shall be certified by the Company. The Administrative Agent may from
time to time adjust any such report to the extent any information or calculation
is inaccurate or does not comply with this Agreement in accordance with the
definitions of  Canadian Borrowing Base ,  Dutch Borrowing Base  and  U.S.
Borrowing Base .  
 (b)      Records and
Schedules of Accounts . 
 (i)     Each
Borrower shall keep accurate and complete records of its Accounts in all
material respects, including all payments and collections thereon, and the
Company shall submit to the Administrative Agent sales, collection,
reconciliation and other reports at the time of delivery of each Borrowing Base
Certificate. The Company shall also provide to the Administrative Agent, at the
time of delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate, a summary aged trial
balance of all Accounts as of the end of the preceding month.  
 (ii)     During
(A) any Cash Dominion Period, whether or not a Default or Event of Default
exists or (B) the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent
shall have the right, in the name of the Administrative Agent, any designee of
the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, to verify the validity, amount or
any other matter relating to any Accounts of the Credit Parties by mail,
telephone or otherwise. The Credit Parties shall cooperate fully with
Administrative Agent in an effort to facilitate and promptly conclude any such
verification process.  
 (c)      Cash
Management . 
 (i)     Within
ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), (A) the U.S. Parent Borrower shall
have opened an account maintained by the U.S. Administrative Agent at BANA in
the United States, under its sole dominion and control (the   U.S. Dominion
Account  ), (B) the Company shall have opened an account maintained by the
Canadian Administrative Agent at BANA in Canada, under its sole dominion and
control (the   Canadian Dominion Account  ), and (C) the Dutch Parent
Borrower shall have opened an account with a depository bank reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the United Kingdom, over which a
perfected first priority security interest and control has been granted to the
Collateral Agent pursuant to an English Control Agreement (the   Dutch
Dominion Account   and, together with the U.S. Dominion Account and the
Canadian Dominion Account, the   Dominion Accounts  ).  
 -151-  

(ii)     Within
ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the U.S. Credit Parties shall have
moved their Deposit Accounts into which the proceeds or products of Collateral
may have been deposited to BANA (the   U.S. Collection Bank  ) in the
United States (and shall have closed any Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded
Accounts) owned by them at any other financial institution and into which the
proceeds or products of Collateral may have been deposited unless reasonably
agreed by the Administrative Agent), and shall have entered into a Deposit
Account Control Agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
with respect to each such Deposit Account (collectively, the   U.S. Collection
Accounts  ). All U.S. Collection Accounts shall thereafter be maintained with
BANA. No U.S. Credit Party shall after the date hereof open or establish any
Deposit Account into which the proceeds or products of Collateral may be
deposited with any financial institution, other than BANA. Each U.S. Credit
Party shall instruct all Account Debtors of the U.S. Credit Parties to remit all
payments to the  P.O. Boxes  or  Lockbox Addresses  of the U.S. Collection Bank
(or to remit such payments to the U.S. Collection Bank by electronic settlement)
with respect to all Accounts of such Account Debtor, which remittances shall be
collected by the U.S. Collection Bank and deposited in a U.S. Collection
Account. Each U.S. Credit Party hereby agrees that all cash that constitutes
proceeds or products of Collateral received by such U.S. Credit Party in any
Deposit Account that is not a U.S. Collection Account will be promptly
transferred into a U.S. Collection Account. There shall be at all times at least
one Collection Account in the U.S. Each Deposit Account Control Agreement
relating to a U.S. Collection Account shall (unless otherwise reasonably agreed
by the Administrative Agent) include provisions that allow, during any Cash
Dominion Period, for all collected amounts held in such U.S. Collection Account
from and after the date requested by the Administrative Agent, to be sent by ACH
or wire transfer or similar electronic transfer no less frequently than once per
Business Day to the U.S. Dominion Account. Subject to the terms of the
respective Security Document and to  Section 10.11 , all amounts received
in the U.S. Dominion Account during the existence of a Cash Dominion Period
shall be applied (and allocated) by the Administrative Agent on a daily basis in
accordance with  Section 2.09(b)(vi) .  
 (iii)     Within
ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Canadian Credit Parties shall
have used commercially reasonable efforts to enter into a Deposit Account
Control Agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with
respect to each Deposit Account (other than Excluded Accounts) owned by them in
the Canada and into which the proceeds or products of Collateral may have been
deposited and existing as of such date;  provided  that to the extent a
Deposit Account Control Agreement has not been obtained on or prior to the date
that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) over any such Deposit Account, the
Canadian Credit Parties shall have moved such Deposit Account to BANA, or
another depositary bank who has entered into such a Deposit Account Control
Agreement (collectively, the   Canadian Collection Accounts  . Each
Canadian Credit Party shall instruct all Account Debtors of the Canadian Credit
Parties to remit all payments to the  P.O. Boxes  or  Lockbox Addresses  of the
depositary banks maintaining Canadian Collection Accounts (or to remit such
payments to the applicable depositary bank by electronic settlement) with
respect to all Accounts of such Account Debtor, which remittances shall be
collected by such depositary banks and deposited in a Canadian Collection
Account. Each Canadian Credit Party hereby agrees that all cash that constitutes
proceeds or products of Collateral received by such Canadian Credit Party in any
Deposit Account that is not a Canadian Collection Account will be promptly (and,
in any event within two Business Days) transferred into a Canadian Collection
Account. There shall be at all times at least one Collection Account in Canada.
Each Deposit Account Control Agreement relating to a Canadian Collection Account
shall (unless otherwise reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent ) include
provisions that allow, during any Cash Dominion Period, for all collected
amounts held in such Canadian Collection Account from and after the date
requested by the Administrative Agent, to be sent by ACH or wire transfer or
similar electronic transfer no less frequently than once per Business Day to the
Canadian Dominion Account. Subject to the terms of the respective Security
Document and to  Section 10.11 , all amounts received in the Canadian Dominion Account during the
existence of a Cash Dominion Period shall be applied (and allocated) by the
Administrative Agent on a daily basis in accordance with  Section
2.09(b)(vi) .  
 -152-  

(iv)     Within
ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Dutch Credit Parties shall have
(A) used commercially reasonable efforts to open an account with a depositary
bank reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in the United Kingdom
and (B) grant a perfected first priority security interest and control over any
such account to the Collateral Agent pursuant to an English Control Agreement
and a fixed charge over any such account governed by English law between the
relevant Dutch Credit Party and the Collateral Agent;  provided  that to
the extent an English Control Agreement has not been obtained on or prior to the
date that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) over any such account, the Dutch
Credit Parties shall have opened such account to BANA, or another depositary
bank who has entered into such a English Control Agreement (the   Dutch
Collection Account  ). Within 120 days after the Closing Date (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Dutch Credit
Parties shall instruct all Account Debtors of the Dutch Credit Parties to remit
all payments to the  P.O. Boxes  or  Lockbox Addresses  of the depositary bank
maintaining the Dutch Collection Account (or to remit such payments to such
depositary bank by electronic settlement) with respect to all Accounts of such
Account Debtor, which remittances shall be collected by such depositary bank and
deposited in the Dutch Collection Account. Each Credit Party hereby agrees that
from and after the date the Dutch Collection Account is opened, all amounts held
in Deposit Accounts owned by the Dutch Credit Parties in the Netherlands and
into which the proceeds and products of Collateral may be deposited (other than
Excluded Accounts) shall be sent by ACH or wire transfer or similar electronic
transfer no less frequently than once per Business Day to the Dutch Collection
Account. The English Control Agreement relating to the Dutch Collection Account
shall (unless otherwise reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) include
provisions that allow, during any Cash Dominion Period, for all collected
amounts held in such Dutch Collection Account from and after the date requested
by the Administrative Agent, to be sent by ACH or wire transfer or similar
electronic transfer no less frequently than once per Business Day to the Dutch
Dominion Account. Subject to the terms of the respective Security Documents and
to  Section 10.11 , all amounts received in the Dutch Dominion Account
during the existence of a Cash Dominion Period shall be applied (and allocated)
by the Administrative Agent on a daily basis in accordance with Section 2.09(c)
..  
 (v)     During the
continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, at the request of the Administrative
Agent, each of the relevant Credit Parties shall provide the Administrative
Agent with an accounting of the contents of the Collection Accounts not
maintained at BANA, which shall identify, to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Administrative Agent, the proceeds from the Collateral which were deposited into
a Collection Account and swept into a Dominion Account.  
 (vi)     The
Credit Parties (other than the Dutch Credit Parties) may close Deposit Accounts
and/or open or acquire new Deposit Accounts, subject to the limitations set
forth above, and the use of commercially reasonable efforts to execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent appropriate Deposit Account Control
Agreements (except with respect to Excluded Accounts) consistent with the
provisions of this  Section 8.15 , within ninety (90) days of the opening
or acquisition thereof (as may be extended by the Administrative Agent acting
reasonably), it being understood that no such new Deposit Account shall qualify
as a U.S. Collection Account or Dutch Collection Account until such Deposit
Account Control Agreement is obtained. So long as no Cash Dominion Period is
continuing, the Credit Parties may direct the manner of disposition of funds in
the Collection Accounts (including transfers to the Excluded Accounts) and any
amounts remaining on deposit in any Dominion Account shall promptly be
transferred by the Administrative Agent or relevant depositary bank to a
Collection Account specified by the Company and may not be used by the Administrative Agent to
prepay the Loans or other Obligations thereafter unless and until a new Cash
Dominion Period shall occur.  
 -153-  

(vii)     The
Dominion Accounts shall at all times be under the sole dominion and control of
the Collateral Agent. Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i)
such Credit Party has no right of withdrawal from the Dominion Accounts, except
as specified in clause (vi) above, (ii) the funds on deposit in the Dominion
Accounts shall at all times continue to be Collateral for all of the
Obligations, and (iii) the funds on deposit in the Dominion Accounts shall be
applied as provided in this Agreement. In the event that, notwithstanding the
provisions of this  Section 8.15 , during the continuation of a Cash
Dominion Period, any Credit Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control
of any proceeds or collections of Collateral (other than amounts constituting
proceeds of Indebtedness (including the Loans)), such proceeds and collections
shall be held in trust by such Credit Party for the Secured Creditors, shall not
be commingled with any of such Credit Party s other funds or deposited in any
account of such Credit Party and shall promptly be deposited into the Dominion
Accounts or dealt with in such other fashion as such Credit Party may be
instructed by the Administrative Agent.  
 (d)    
 Administration of Deposit Accounts .  Schedule 8.15(d)  sets forth,
as of the Closing Date, all Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts)
maintained by the Credit Parties, including all Dominion Accounts. The
applicable Credit Party shall be the sole account holder of each Deposit Account
(other than any Excluded Account) into which the proceeds or products of any
Collateral are, or are intended to be, deposited and shall not allow any other
Person to have a perfected Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any Deposit
Account or any property deposited therein. On each date on which Section 8.01
Financials are required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, each Credit
Party shall notify the Administrative Agent of any opening or closing of a
Deposit Account (other than any Excluded Account) into which the proceeds or
products of any Collateral are, or are intended to be, deposited and, with the
consent of the Administrative Agent, will amend  Schedule 8.15(d)  to
reflect the same.  
 (e)    
 Inventory, Equipment and Real Estate . Each Borrower shall keep accurate
and complete records of its Inventory, Equipment and Real Property, in all
material respects, including costs and daily withdrawals and additions, and
shall submit to the Administrative Agent Inventory, Equipment, Real Property and
reconciliation reports at the time of delivery of each Borrowing Base
Certificate.  
 Section 9    
 Negative Covenants . The Company and any Restricted Subsidiary hereby
covenant and agree that on and after the Closing Date and until the Payment in
Full Date:  
 9.01.    
 Liens . Each of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not,
directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon
or with respect to any property or assets (real or personal, tangible or
intangible) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired;  provided  that the provisions of this  Section
9.01  shall not prevent the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of,
or any filing in respect of, the following (Liens described below are herein
referred to as   Permitted Liens  ):  
 
(i)     Liens created pursuant to the Credit Documents
(including Liens on Secured Bank Product Obligations);  
 
(ii)     pledges, deposits or security by such Person under
workmen s compensation laws, unemployment insurance, employers  health tax, and
other social security Requirements of Law or similar legislation or other
insurance related obligations (including, but not limited to, in respect of
deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments
thereto) or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of
letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers
providing property, casualty or liability insurance, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders,
contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such
Person is a party, or deposits to secure public or statutory or similar
obligations of such Person or deposits of cash or U.S. government bonds to
secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or deposits as
security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in
each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (including Liens to secure
letters of credit issued to assure payment of such obligations);  
 -154-  

(iii)     Liens imposed by Requirement of Law, such as
landlords , carriers , warehousemen s, materialmen s, repairmen s, mechanics 
and similar Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue for a period of more
than 90 days or remain payable without penalty or being contested in good faith
by appropriate actions if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained
on the book of such person in accordance with GAAP or other Liens arising out of
judgments or awards not constituting an Event of Default under  Section
10 ;  
 
(iv)     Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental
charges not yet overdue or not yet payable or subject to penalties for
nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions
diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained
on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP;  
 
(v)     Liens in favor of issuers of performance, surety,
bid, indemnity, warranty, release, appeal or similar bonds or with respect to
other regulatory requirements or letters of credit or bankers acceptances
issued, and completion guarantees provided for, in each case, issued pursuant to
the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its
business or consistent with past practice prior to the Closing Date;  
 
(vi)     Liens securing obligations relating to any
Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to  Section 9.04(ii ) or
( xxv ), so long as after giving effect to the incurrence of any such
Indebtedness, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio of the Company is less
than 5.00:1.00;  provided  that, to the extent such Liens attach to any
Collateral, then the Liens on the Collateral securing such obligations, shall
(x) rank junior to the Liens securing the Obligations and (y) be subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent;  
 
(vii)     Liens securing obligations relating to any
Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred pursuant to clause (v) of  Section
9.04  hereof;  provided  that such Liens extend only to the assets so
purchased, leased or improved and any accessions or extensions thereof;  
 
(viii)     Liens existing on the Closing Date or pursuant to
agreements in existence on the Closing Date and set forth in  Schedule
9.01(viii)  (which may include Liens on (A) after-acquired property that is
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B)
after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms
of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property (it
being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any
property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such
acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof), including Liens
securing any Refinancing Indebtedness secured by such Liens;  
 
(ix)     (a) Liens on property or shares of stock or other
assets of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary;  provided 
that such Liens are not created or incurred in connection with, or in
contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary;  provided ,
 further , that such Liens may not extend to any other property or other
assets owned by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than
(A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien,
(B) after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the
terms of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired
property (it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to
apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for
such acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof); and (b) Liens on
property or other assets at the time the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary
acquired the property or such other assets, including any acquisition by means
of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Company or any of
the Restricted Subsidiaries;  provided  that such Liens are not created or
incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition,
amalgamation, merger or consolidation;  provided ,  further , any
Liens on assets of a type included in the Borrowing Base (other than on
Equipment and Real Property) by the Credit Parties pursuant to this clause
(viii) shall be junior and subordinate to the Collateral Agent s Lien on the
Collateral and shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or another
intercreditor agreement on terms substantially similar to those contained in the
Intercreditor Agreement and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent;  
 -155-  

(x)     Liens to secure any modification, refinancing,
refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancing,
refunding, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any
Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (vii),
(viii), (ix) and this clause (x);  provided  that (a) such new Lien shall
be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien
(plus accessions, additions and improvements on such property (other than (A)
after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property
covered by such Lien, (B) after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing
such Indebtedness, the terms of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge
of after-acquired property (it being understood that such requirement shall not
be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have
applied but for such acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof)),
and (b) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to
any amount greater than the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount or, if
greater, committed amount, of the Indebtedness described under clauses (vii),
(viii), (ix) and this clause (x) at the time the original Lien became a
Permitted Lien under this Agreement and (ii) an amount necessary to pay any fees
and expenses, including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees
and premiums (including tender premiums, and accrued and unpaid interest related
to such modification, refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or
replacement);  
 
(xi)     Liens deemed to exist in connection with
Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under  Section 9.05 ;
 provided  that such Liens do not extend to any assets other than those
that are the subject of such repurchase agreement;  
 
(xii)     any encumbrance or restriction (including put and
call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar
arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;  
 
(xiii)     Liens arising out of conditional sale, title
retention, consignment or similar arrangements with vendors for the sale or
purchase of goods entered into by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in
the ordinary course of business; (xiv) Liens solely on any cash earnest money
deposits made by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection
with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted under this Agreement;
 
 -156-  

(xv)     Liens securing Indebtedness outstanding under the
Second Lien Loan Agreement and the related guarantees thereof (and, if
applicable, the Second Lien Notes Indenture and the Second Lien Notes and the
related guarantees thereof) or any Refinancing Indebtedness in connection
therewith;  provided  that such Indebtedness shall (x) be subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement and (y) rank junior in priority to the Liens securing
the Obligations;  
 
(xvi)    easements, rights-of-way, encroachments, covenants,
conditions, zoning and other restrictions, minor defects or other irregularities
in title, and other similar encumbrances which, either individually or in the
aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case
materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere
in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the businesses of the
Company, taken as a whole;  
 
(xvii)     any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor
under any lease permitted by this Agreement and the Security Documents;  
 
(xviii)     Liens arising from UCC, PPSA or other similar
financing statement filings regarding operating leases or consignments entered
into by the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC, PPSA
or other similar financing statements or similar public filings;  
 
(xix)     licenses and sublicenses granted by the Company or
a Restricted Subsidiary and leases and subleases (by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary as lessor or sublessor) to third parties in the ordinary
course of business not materially interfering with the business of the Company,
taken as a whole;  
 
(xx)     Liens in favor of collecting banks arising by
operation of law under Section 4-210 of the UCC (or equivalent statute) or, with
respect to collecting banks located in the State of New York, under Section
4-208 of the UCC (or equivalent statute);  
 
(xxi)     Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or
rights of pledge (a) relating to the establishment of depository relations with
banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (b) relating to
pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Company or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business of the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries or (c) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered
into with customers of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business;  
 
(xxii)     Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities
arising as a matter of law which secure payment of customs duties in connection
with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(xxiii)     Liens securing financings of insurance premiums,
which such Liens attach solely to the insurance policies financed and the
proceeds thereof; 
 
(xxiv)     Liens on brokerage accounts incurred in the
ordinary course of business securing obligations to settle trades made by the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 
(xxv)     the rights reserved to or vested in municipalities
or governmental or other public authorities or agencies by statutory provisions
or by the terms of leases, licenses, franchises, grants or permits, which affect
any land to terminate any such leases, licenses, franchises, grants or permits or to require annual or other
payments as a condition to the continuance thereof;  
 -157-  

(xxvi)     deposits with public utilities or to any
municipalities or governmental or other public authorities when required by the
utility, municipality, governmental or other public authority in connection with
the supply of services or utilities to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(xxvii)     Liens on assets of non-Credit Parties to solely
secure Indebtedness of non-Credit Parties permitted pursuant to  Section
9.04(xxiv) ;  
 
(xxviii)     Liens in favor of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary subject to the requirement to deliver a Subordinated Intercompany
Note to the extent required by clauses (vii) or (viii) of  Section 9.04 ;

(xxix)     Liens on Investment Cash Equivalents or other
property (other than Investment Cash Equivalents or property constituting
Collateral) arising in connection with the defeasance or discharge of
Indebtedness;  provided  that such defeasance or discharge is not
prohibited by this Agreement;  
 
(xxx)     customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee to
secure fees and other amounts owing to such trustee under an indenture or other
agreement pursuant to which Indebtedness not prohibited by this Agreement is
issued;  
 
(xxxi)     other Liens securing obligations in an aggregate
amount not to exceed, as of the date incurred (and taking into account any other
Liens incurred under this clause (xxxi) and outstanding on such date), the
greater of (A) $20,000,000 and (B) 1.60 % of Consolidated Total Assets, measured
as of the date such Lien is Incurred based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most
recently delivered on or prior to the date such Lien is Incurred;
 provided  that if the Liens incurred under this clause (xxxi) secure
obligations secured by the Collateral (other than Investment Cash Equivalents),
then the Liens on the Collateral securing such obligations shall (x) rank junior
to the Liens securing the Obligations and (y) shall be subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent;  
 
(xxxii)     Liens solely on specific items of inventory or
other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person s accounts payable
or similar trade obligations in respect of bankers  acceptances or documentary
letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate
the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods;  
 
(xxxiii)     Liens on Equipment of the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of business to the
Company s clients;  
 
(xxxiv)     Liens encumbering reasonable customary deposits
and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or
other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for
speculative purposes; 
 
(xxxv)     ground leases in respect of real property on
which facilities owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are
located;  
 -158-  

(xxxvi)     Liens on Capital Stock of an Unrestricted
Subsidiary that secure Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted
Subsidiary; and  
 (xxxvii)
Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in
an Investment permitted under this Agreement to be applied against the purchase
price for such Investment.  
 For purposes of this  Section
9.01 ,      Indebtedness  shall be deemed to include
interest on such Indebtedness. For purposes of determining compliance with this
 Section 9.01 , (a) Permitted Liens need not be incurred solely by
reference to one category of Permitted Liens described above but are permitted
to be incurred in part under any combination thereof and (b) in the event that a
Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more categories of
Permitted Liens described above, the Company shall, in its sole discretion,
classify (or later reclassify) such item of Permitted Liens (or any portion
thereof) in any manner that complies with this  Section 9.01  and will only
be required to include the amount and type of such item of Permitted Liens in
one of the above clauses and such Lien will be treated as having been incurred
pursuant to only one of such clauses.  
 In connection with the granting
of Liens of the type described in this  Section 9.01  by the Company and
any Restricted Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent shall, and shall be
authorized to, take any actions deemed appropriate by it in connection therewith
(including, without limitation, by executing appropriate lien releases or lien
subordination agreements in favor of the holder or holders of such Liens, in
either case solely with respect to the item or items of equipment or other
assets subject to such Liens).  
 9.02.      Asset
Sales . Each of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not
consummate an Asset Sale, except the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary may
dispose any of its assets or property, so long as (w) a new Borrowing Base
Certificate is delivered substantially concurrently with the closing of any
Significant Asset Sale, (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
or would result therefrom, on the date that the definitive documentation with
respect to such Asset Sale is executed, (y) each such sale the Company or such
Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration at the time of
such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (such Fair Market Value
to be determined by the Company at the time the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary contractually agrees to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or
otherwise disposed of and (z) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap
(subject to the next paragraph), at least 75% of the consideration received by
the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, on a per transaction basis, shall be
in the form of Investment Cash Equivalents (taking into account the amount of
Investment Cash Equivalents, the principal amount of any promissory notes and
the Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, in good faith, of any other
consideration) and is paid at the time of the closing of such disposition;
 provided ,  however , that for purposes of this clause (z), the
following shall be deemed to be Investment Cash Equivalents: (A) any liabilities
(as shown on Company s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet
provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto, or, if incurred or increased
subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have
been shown on the Company s or such Restricted Subsidiary s balance sheet or in
the footnotes thereto if such incurrence or increase had taken place on or prior
to the date of such balance sheet, as determined by the Company) of the Company
or such Restricted Subsidiary (other than liabilities that are by their terms
subordinated to the Obligations) that are assumed by the transferee with respect
to the applicable disposition and for which the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors or
indemnified in writing, (B) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets
received by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that
are converted by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary into Investment Cash
Equivalents (to the extent of the Investment Cash Equivalents received in the
conversion) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Asset Sale,
and (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other
Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (y), not to
exceed, as of the date of receipt (and taking into account all other Designated
Non-Cash Consideration received under this clause (y) and then outstanding on
such date), the greater of (A) $25,000,000 and (B) 2.00% of Consolidated Total
Assets measured on the date of receipt of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration
based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most recently delivered on or prior to
the date of the receipt of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration (with the Fair
Market Value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at
the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value). 
 -159-  

The Permitted Asset Swaps
referenced in clause (z) of the preceding paragraph shall only be permitted
under this Agreement, and be exempted from the 75% Investment Cash Equivalents
consideration requirement in such clause (z), only if an updated Borrowing Base
Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent concurrently with the
consummation of such Permitted Asset Swap, which adjusts the most recent
Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
 Section 8.15(a)  as necessary to reflect the impact of any Permitted Asset
Swap of Eligible Fee-Owned Real Property and/or Eligible Equipment that was part
of the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Permitted Asset Swap. For the
avoidance of doubt, no new Eligible Fee-Owned Real Property and/or Eligible
Equipment received in exchange for existing Eligible Fee-Owned Real Property
and/or Eligible Equipment of the Credit Parties will be included in the
Borrowing Base unless and until a Fixed Asset Reappraisal Event occurs pursuant
to  Section 8.02(d) .  
 9.03.      Restricted
Payments and Restricted Junior Debt Payments .  
 (a)     Each
of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not:  
 
(i)     declare or pay any dividend or make any payment
or distribution on account of the Company s or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries  Equity Interests, including any dividend or distribution payable
in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation, other than:  
 
(A)     dividends or distributions by the Company    or any Restricted Subsidiary   payable solely in Equity
Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company    or any Restricted
Subsidiary   
 (B)     dividends, payments or distributions by a
Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, payment or
distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities
issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such
dividend or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class
or series of securities;  
 
(ii)     purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire
or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Company, including in connection
with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation;  
 (as such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i)
through (ii) above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively
referred to as   Restricted Payments    
 
(iii)     make any Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment;
or  
 
(iv)     make any Restricted Investment, with the only
exception under this covenant being clause (xi) of  Section 9.03(b) .  
 -160-  

(b)      Section
9.03(a)  shall not prohibit:  
 
(i)     (a) the redemption, repurchase, defeasance,
retirement or other acquisition of any Equity Interests (  Treasury Capital
Stock  ) or Junior Debt of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, in
exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or
issuance (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of, Equity Interests    of    the Company    or any Restricted
Subsidiary   to the extent contributed to the Company    or such Restricted Subsidiary  (in each case, other than
any Disqualified Stock) (  Refunding Capital Stock  ) and (b) the
declaration and payment of dividends on Treasury Capital Stock out of the
proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or issuance (other than to a
Subsidiary of the Company or to an employee stock ownership plan or any trust
established by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) of Refunding Capital
Stock;  
 
(ii)     the prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase,
exchange or other acquisition or retirement of (1) Junior Debt of the Company,
any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor made by exchange for, or out of the
proceeds of a substantially concurrent sale of, new Indebtedness of the Company,
any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (2) Disqualified Stock of the
Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor made by exchange for, or out
of the proceeds of a substantially concurrent sale of, new Indebtedness of the
Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor that, in each case, is
Incurred in compliance with  Section 9.04 , so long as:  
 
(A)     the principal amount (or accreted value, if
applicable) of such new Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of such new
Disqualified Stock does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value,
if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on, the Junior Debt or the
liquidation preference of, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on, the
Disqualified Stock being so prepaid, defeased, redeemed, repurchased, exchanged,
acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any reasonable premium to be
paid (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and any fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock;  
 
(B)     (x) if the Junior Debt was subordinated to the
Obligations, then such new Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Obligations
at least to the same extent as such Junior Debt so purchased, exchanged,
redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired, (y) if the
Junior Debt was secured by a Lien, then such new Indebtedness shall not be
secured by a Lien on assets senior in priority to the Liens securing such Junior
Debt so purchased, exchanged, redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged,
acquired or retired and (z) if the Junior Debt was unsecured, then such new
Indebtedness shall be unsecured;  
 
(C)     such new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a
final scheduled maturity date or final mandatory redemption date equal to or
later than the final scheduled maturity date of the Junior Debt or Disqualified
Stock being so redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired
(or, if earlier, the date that is 91 days after the maturity date of the
Obligations); and  
 
(D)     such new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a
Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Junior Debt or Disqualified Stock being
so redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or requires no or
nominal payments in cash prior to the date that is 91 days after the maturity
date of the Obligations).  
 -161-  

(iii)     any Restricted Payment to pay for the repurchase,
redemption, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity
Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company held by any future,
present or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant (including
trustees, administrators, executors, powers of attorney, heirs, assignees,
estates and beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) of the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option
plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or
arrangement, or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any principal and interest payable on any notes issued
by the Company in connection with such repurchase, retirement or other
acquisition) including any Equity Interest rolled over or purchased by
management, directors or employees of the Company in connection with the
Transactions; provided   that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments
made under this clause does not exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year following
the Closing Date (with unused amounts in any fiscal year being carried over to
the next succeeding fiscal year);  provided   further  that such
amount in any fiscal year may be increased by an amount not to exceed (A) the
cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock)
of the Company to any future, present or former employee, director, officer,
manager or consultant (including trustees, administrators, executors, powers of
attorney, heirs, assignees, estates and beneficiaries of any of the foregoing)
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that occurs after the Closing Date, to
the extent the cash proceeds from the sale of such Equity Interests have not
otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of this
 Section 9.03 ;  plus    (B)   the cash proceeds of key man
life insurance policies received by the Company or the Restricted Subsidiaries
after the Closing Date;  less    (C) the amount of any Restricted
Payments previously made with the cash proceeds described in clauses (A) and (B)
of this clause (iii); and  provided   further  that (x) cancellation
of Indebtedness owing to the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries from
any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant
(including trustees, administrators, executors, powers of attorney, heirs,
assignees, estates and beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of
the Company and (y) the repurchase of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the
exercise of options, warrants or similar instruments if such Equity Interests
represents all or a portion of the exercise price thereof or payments, in lieu
of the issuance of fractional Equity Interests or withholding to pay other taxes
payable in connection therewith, in the case of each of clauses (x) and (y),
shall not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this
Section 9.03 or any other provision of this Agreement;  
 
(iv)     payments of cash, dividends, distributions,
advances or other Restricted Payments by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary to allow the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional
shares;  
 
(v)     reasonable and customary indemnities to directors,
officers and employees in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(vi)     payments made or expected to be made by the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable
upon the exercise of Equity Interests by any future, present or former employee,
director, officer, manager or consultant and any repurchases of Equity Interests
deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or other convertible,
exchangeable or exercisable instruments if such Equity Interests represent a
portion of the exercise price of such instruments or required withholding or
similar taxes;  
 -162-  

(vii)     the Company or any
Subsidiary may make payments of dividends on Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock issued in accordance with  Section 9.04 ;  
 (viii)    
the payment of any dividend or other distribution or the consummation of any
irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration of the
dividend or other distribution or giving of the redemption or prepayment notice,
as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or
other distribution or redemption payment or prepayment would have complied with
the provisions of  Section 9.03 ;  provided  that it is understood
that the Administrative Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, may establish a
Reserve during such 60-day period in an amount not to exceed the amount of such
declared but unpaid dividend or distribution;  
 (ix)    
any Restricted Payment (including dividends and other payments in respect of
Capital Stock) or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment;  provided  that the
Distribution Conditions are satisfied both before and after giving effect to
such Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayment;  
 (x)    
any Restricted Payment or Restricted Junior Debt Prepayments with the Available
Equity Amount Basket; and  
 (xi)    
other Restricted Payments, Restricted Junior Debt Prepayments and Restricted
Investments in an aggregate amount, as of the date made, taken together with any
other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (xi) (in the case of
Restricted Investments incurred under this clause (xi) and outstanding on such
date (without giving effect to the sale of an Investment to the extent the
proceeds of such sale do not consist of, or have not been subsequently sold or
transferred for, cash or Investment Cash Equivalents)) and Restricted Junior
Debt Prepayments made pursuant to under this clause (xi), following the Closing
Date, not to exceed $20,000,000.  
 9.04.    
 Indebtedness . Each of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary shall
not, directly or indirectly, Incur any Indebtedness or issue any Disqualified
Stock and each Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party shall not issue
Preferred Stock, except:  
 (i)    
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents;
 
 (ii)    
unsecured Indebtedness and secured Indebtedness ranking junior in Lien priority
to the Liens securing the Obligations and any Disqualified Stock and Preferred
Stock (any of the foregoing,   Junior Debt    provided  that (A)
after giving effect to the Incurrence of any such Junior Debt, the Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio of the Company is less than 5.00:1.00, (B) any such
Junior Debt does not mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity
Date;  provided  that, if the amortization schedule of any such Junior Debt
requires annual principal payments exceeding the Amort Cap prior to the date
that is 91 days after the Maturity Date, then the Administrative Agent shall
have the right, in its Permitted Discretion in accordance with  Section
2.22,  to establish Amortization Reserves with respect to amortization
payments in excess of the Amort Cap against the assets included in the Borrowing
Base on the date that is 91 days prior to each due date of such Junior Debt
amortization payments, (C) if such Junior Debt is Incurred or guaranteed by a
non-Credit Party, the aggregate amount such Junior Debt Incurred or guaranteed
by a non-Credit Party pursuant to this  Section 9.04(ii)  shall not exceed,
as of the date of such Incurrence (and taking into account any other
Indebtedness Incurred under this clause (C) and then outstanding), the greater
of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 2.00% of Consolidated Total Assets, measured as of
the date of such Incurrence based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most recently
delivered on or prior to the date of such Incurrence, and (D)
if such Junior Debt is secured by the Collateral, then the Liens on any
Collateral securing such Junior Debt shall be permitted pursuant to  Section
9.01(vi)  or ( xxxi ) (the conditions in clauses (B) through (D) are
herein referred to as the   Junior Debt Conditions    
 -163-  

(iii)     Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Second Lien
Loan Agreement or the Second Lien Notes Indenture (and any guarantees of either
thereof) and any Refinancing Indebtedness thereof (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any refinancing of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Second Lien
Loan Agreement into any exchange notes contemplated thereby);  
 
(iv)     Indebtedness of the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries in existence on the Closing Date and listed on  Schedule
9.04(iv)  (  Existing Indebtedness    
 
(v)     Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease
Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations) and Disqualified Stock Incurred or
issued by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and Preferred Stock issued by
any Restricted Subsidiary, to finance the purchase, restoration, lease or
improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or other assets, including
assets that are used or useful in a Similar Business, within 270 days of such
purchase, restoration, lease or improvement, whether through the direct purchase
of assets or the Capital Stock of any Person owning such assets in an aggregate
principal amount, together with any Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to
refinance any other Indebtedness incurred under this clause (v), not to exceed,
as of the date of such Incurrence (and taking into account any other
Indebtedness Incurred under this clause (v) and then outstanding), the greater
of (A) $35,000,000 and (B) 2.70% of Consolidated Total Assets, measured as of
the date of such Incurrence or issuance based upon the Section 8.01 Financials
most delivered ended on or prior to the date of such Incurrence or issuance;

(vi)     Indebtedness Incurred by the Company or any of
the Restricted Subsidiaries constituting reimbursement obligations with respect
to letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business, bank guarantees,
workers  compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers  acceptances,
warehouse receipts, guarantees, statutory, export or import indemnities,
customs, revenue bonds or similar instruments issued or created, including
letters of credit in respect of workers  compensation claims, health, disability
or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or
self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement type
obligations regarding workers  compensation claims, health, disability or other
employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or
self-insurance;  provided  that upon the drawing of such letters of credit
or the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such obligations are reimbursed within
30 Business Days following such drawing or incurrence;  
 
(vii)     Indebtedness of the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary;  provided  that any such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party is subordinated in right of payment to the
Guarantee by the Company (including pursuant to the Subordinated Intercompany
Note) (for the avoidance of doubt, any such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party shall be deemed to be expressly
subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee by the Company unless the
terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide otherwise);  provided ,
 further , that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or
any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a
Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness
(except to the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge of such
Indebtedness constituting a Permitted Lien (but not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of
such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (vii);  
 -164-  

(viii)     Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary to the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that if a Credit Party
incurs such Indebtedness to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party,
such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations
(including pursuant to the Subordinated Intercompany Note) (for the avoidance of
doubt, any such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a
Credit Party shall not be deemed to be expressly subordinated in right of
payment to the Obligations, unless the terms of such Indebtedness expressly
provide otherwise);  provided ,  further , that any subsequent
transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to the Company or another Restricted
Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness constituting a Permitted Lien (but
not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of
such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (viii);  
 
(ix)     shares of Preferred Stock of a Restricted
Subsidiary issued to the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary;
 provided  that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or
any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a
Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of
Preferred Stock (except to the Company or another of the Restricted
Subsidiaries) or any pledge of such Capital Stock constituting a Permitted Lien
(but not foreclosure thereon) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an issuance
of such shares of Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (ix);  
 
(x)     Hedging Obligations (excluding Hedging Obligations
entered into for speculative purposes) and other Bank Product Debt;  
 
(xi)     the Incurrence by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of Indebtedness, the issuance by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of Disqualified Stock or the issuance by any Restricted Subsidiary of
Preferred Stock which serves to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or
defease any Indebtedness Incurred or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
issued as permitted under clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section 9.04 and
this clause (xi) and clause (xxv) of this  Section 9.04 , or any
Indebtedness Incurred or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock issued to so
extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease such Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock including additional Indebtedness Incurred
to pay premiums (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs,
accrued interest and fees and expenses in connection therewith (the
  Refinancing Indebtedness  ) prior to its respective maturity;
 provided  that such Refinancing Indebtedness (A) has a Weighted Average
Life to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred which is
not less than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being extended, replaced,
refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased (or requires no or nominal payments in
cash prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date), (B) to
the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness extends, replaces, refunds, refinances,
renews or defeases (i) Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the
Revolving Loans, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of
payment to the Revolving Loans at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness
being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased or (ii)
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness must be
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively; and (C) shall not include
(i) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock of a Credit Party; or (ii) Indebtedness or Disqualified
Stock of the Company or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a
Restricted Subsidiary, in either case, that refinances Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary;  
 -165-  

(xii)     (A) any guarantee by a Credit Party of
Indebtedness or other obligations of any other Credit Party so long as the
incurrence of such Indebtedness incurred by such other Credit Party is permitted
under the terms of this Agreement, or (B) any guarantee by a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party of Indebtedness of a Credit Party;  
 
(xiii)     (A) Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness
issued by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to future, present
or former employees, directors, officers, managers and consultants thereof
(including trustees, administrators, executors, powers of attorney, heirs,
assignees, estates and beneficiaries), in each case to finance the purchase or
redemption of Equity Interests of the Company to the extent described in clause
(iii) of  Section 9.03  or (B) Indebtedness representing deferred
compensation to employees of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries
incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(xiv)     Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Company
and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any other Credit
Party not otherwise permitted hereunder in an aggregate principal amount or
liquidation preference which, when aggregated with the principal amount and
liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness then outstanding and Incurred
pursuant to this clause (xiv), does not at any one time outstanding exceed, as
of the date of such Incurrence, the greater of (A) $30,000,000 and (B) 2.40% of
Consolidated Total Assets measured as of the date of such Incurrence or issuance
based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most recently delivered on or prior to
the date of such Incurrence or issuance;  
 
(xv)     Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Company
or the Restricted Subsidiaries providing for indemnification, adjustment of
purchase price, earnouts or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or
assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business,
assets or a Subsidiary, other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any
Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or a Subsidiary for
the purpose of financing such acquisition;  provided ,  however , that
the maximum assumable liability in respect of all such Indebtedness shall at no
time exceed the gross proceeds including non-cash proceeds (the Fair Market
Value of such non-cash proceeds being measured at the time received and without
giving effect to any subsequent changes in value) actually received by the
Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such disposition;

(xvi)     obligations in respect of self-insurance and
performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion
guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with
past practice;  
 
(xvii)     Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank
or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn
against insufficient funds;  provided  that such Indebtedness is
extinguished within ten Business Days of its incurrence;  
 
(xviii)     Indebtedness of the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or
(ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements in each case,
incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(xix)     Indebtedness incurred on behalf of, or
representing guarantees of Indebtedness of, joint ventures of the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary not in excess, at any one time outstanding, of $7,500,000;
 
 -166-  

(xx)     obligations or commitments to public utilities
or to any municipalities or governmental or other public authorities in
connection with the maintenance of or supply of services or utilities to the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 
(xxi)     endorsement of instruments or other payment items
by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for deposit;  
 
(xxii)     to the extent constituting Indebtedness,
customer deposits and advance payments (including progress premiums) received in
the ordinary course of business from customers for goods purchased in the
ordinary course of business;  
 
(xxiii)     Indebtedness incurred by a Restricted
Subsidiary in connection with bankers  acceptances or discounted bills of
exchange for credit management purposes, in each case incurred or undertaken
consistent with past practice or in the ordinary course of business on arm s
length commercial terms;  
 
(xxiv)     the Incurrence of Indebtedness of Restricted
Subsidiaries of the Company that are not Credit Parties in an amount outstanding
under this clause (xxiv) not to exceed, determined as of the date of such
Incurrence and taking into account any other Indebtedness Incurred under this
clause (xxiv) and then outstanding, the greater of (A) $10,000,000 and (B) 0.80%
of Consolidated Total Assets measured as of the date of such Incurrence or
issuance based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most recently delivered on or
prior to the date of such Incurrence or issuance;  
 
(xxv)     Junior Debt subject to compliance with the
Investment and Junior Debt Incurrence Conditions;  
 
(xxvi)     any Indebtedness arising under guarantees
entered into pursuant to Section 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code in respect of a
Dutch Subsidiary and any residual liability with respect to such guarantees
arising under Section 2:404 of the Dutch Civil Code;  
 
(xxvii)     any joint and several liability arising as a
result of (the establishment) of a Dutch fiscal unity ( Nederlandse fiscale
eenheid ) between a Dutch Credit Party and one or more of its subsidiaries or
its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction.  
 For purposes of determining compliance with this  Section
9.04 , (1) in the event that an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of
the categories of permitted Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
described in clauses (i) through (xxvii) of this  Section 9.04 , the
Company, in its sole discretion, may classify (but not reclassify) such item of
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) as
one or more types of Indebtedness described in the above clauses;
 provided  that the Company will be entitled to divide and classify an item
of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described under
this  Section 9.04 .  
 Accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted
value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment
of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, shall not be deemed to be an
Incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
for purposes of this  Section 9.04  or  Section 9.01  hereof. Any
Refinancing Indebtedness and any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under
this Agreement to refinance Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to clauses (ii),
(iii), (iv), (xiv) and (xxv) of this  Section 9.04  shall be deemed to
include additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock Incurred to pay premiums (including reasonable tender
premiums), defeasance costs, fees and expenses in connection with such
refinancing.  
 -167-  

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Credit Party
shall, directly or indirectly, Incur any Indebtedness that is contractually
subordinated or junior in right of payment to any Indebtedness of the such
Credit Party unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of
payment to the Obligations to the extent and in the same manner as such
Indebtedness is subordinated to other Indebtedness of such Credit Party.  
 No Credit Party shall incur any Indebtedness owing directly to
ING Bank N.V. or Deutsche Bank AG, Amsterdam Branch, that is subject to their
respective  General Banking Conditions  ( Algemene Bankvoorwaarden ) or
that is secured by any right of pledge established pursuant to such General
Banking Conditions, except any such Indebtedness that is outstanding (whether
contingent or not) on and as of the Closing Date or arises in respect of
transactions that are outstanding on and as of the Closing Date.  
 9.05.    
 Investments . Each of the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not,
directly or indirectly, make any Investment (other than any Restricted
Investment permitted to be made pursuant to  Section 9.03 ), except that
the following Investments shall be permitted (each, a   Permitted
Investment  ):  
 
(i)     any Investment in the Company or any other Credit
Party;  
 
(ii)     any Investment by any Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Credit Party in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit
Party;  
 
(iii)     any Investment in Investment Cash Equivalents or
Investment Grade Securities;  
 
(iv)     any Investment subject to compliance with the
Investment and Junior Debt Incurrence Conditions on a pro forma basis after
giving effect to such Investment;  
 
(v)     any Investments in Restricted Subsidiaries that are
not Credit Parties in an aggregate amount, measured at the time such Investment
is made (and valued at the Fair Market Value thereof at the time made), that
would not exceed the sum of (I) the greater of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 2.00% of
Consolidated Total Assets, measured as of the date of such Incurrence based upon
the Section 8.01 Financials most recently delivered on or prior to the date of
such Investment  minus  (II) the aggregate amount, measured at the time
such Investment is made, of all Investments (valued at the Fair Market Value of
such Investments at the time such Investments are made) made pursuant the
proviso to Section 9.05(vi);  provided ,  however , that if any
Investment pursuant to this clause (v) is made in any Person that is not a
Credit Party at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person
becomes a Credit Party after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be
deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (i) above and shall cease to have
been made pursuant to this clause (v));  provided ,  further , that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, any Investment in Subsidiaries that are not
Credit Parties shall be permitted without restriction so long as (x) such
Investments are part of a series of transactions that results in all proceeds of
the intercompany Investments being invested substantially contemporaneously in
(or distributed to) any Borrower or any Guarantor or (y) such Investments
constitute intercompany Investments, reorganizations and related activities
related to tax planning and reorganization so long as after giving effect
thereto, the Lien of the Secured Creditors on the Collateral, taken as a whole,
is not impaired in any material respect (it being understood that the
contribution of the Equity Interests of one or more  first-tier  Foreign
Subsidiaries to a newly created  first-tier  Foreign Subsidiary shall be
permitted);  
 -168-  

(vi)     Permitted
Acquisitions;  provided  that the aggregate amount of Permitted Acquisition
Consideration relating to all such Permitted Acquisitions made or provided by a
Credit Party to acquire any Restricted Subsidiary that does not become a Credit
Party or merge, consolidate or amalgamate into a Credit Party or any assets that
shall not, immediately after giving pro forma effect to such Permitted
Acquisition, be owned by a Credit Party, shall not exceed (A) the greater of (x)
$25,000,000 and (y) 2.00% of Consolidated Total Assets, measured as of the date
of such Investment based upon the Section 8.01 Financials most recently
delivered on or prior to the date of such Investment  minus  (B) the
aggregate amount, measured at the time such Investment is made, of all
Investments (valued at the Fair Market Value of such Investments at the time
such Investments are made) made pursuant to Section 9.05(v);  provided ,
 however , that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (vi) is made in
any Person that is not a Credit Party at the date of the making of such
Investment and such Person becomes a Credit Party after such date, such
Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (i)
above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (vi);  
  (vii)    
any Investment in securities or other assets, including earnouts not
constituting Investment Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and
received in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to  Section 9.02 
or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale;  
  (viii)    
any Investment existing on the Closing Date and listed on  Schedule
9.05(viii)  or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Closing
Date or an Investment consisting of any extension, modification or renewal of
any such Investment or binding commitment existing on the Closing Date;
 provided    that the amount of any such Investment may be increased
in such extension, modification or renewal only (i) as required by the terms of
such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Closing Date
(including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original issue
discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or (ii) as otherwise
permitted under this Agreement;  
  (ix)    
Hedging Obligations and Secured Bank Product Obligations permitted under
 Section 9.04(x) ;  
  (x)    
any Investment in a Similar Business, an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a joint
venture having an aggregate Fair Market Value taken together with all other
Investments made pursuant to this clause (x) that are at that time outstanding,
not to exceed, as of the date such Investment is made, $20,000,000 (in each
case, determined on the date such Investment is made, with the Fair Market Value
of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value);  provided ,  however , that if any
Investment pursuant to this clause (x) is made in any Person that is not a
Credit Party at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person
becomes a Credit Party after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be
deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (i) above and shall cease to have
been made pursuant to this clause (x);  
  (xi)    
guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under  Section 9.04 , performance
guarantees and Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice and the creation of Liens on the
assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with  Section
9.01 ;  
  (xii)    
(i) advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, employees not in excess of
$2,000,000 outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate; and (ii) loans and
advances to employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors and
consultants for business-related travel expenses, moving expenses and other similar expenses or payroll
advances, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent
with past practices or to fund such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the
Company;  
 -169-  

(xiii)     payments of Indebtedness of Opta Minerals, Inc.
concurrently with the sale thereof, solely out of the proceeds of such sale and
to the extent required by the sale agreement therefor;  
 
(xiv)     advances, loans or extensions of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice by the Company
or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries;  
 
(xv)     any Investment in any Subsidiary or any joint
venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements or related
activities arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice;  
 
(xvi)     Investments made in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice in connection with obtaining,
maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances made to
distributors in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(xvii)     Investments in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practice consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for
collection of deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers
consistent with past practices;  
 
(xviii)     additional Investments having an aggregate Fair
Market Value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this
clause (xviii) that are at that time outstanding (without giving effect to the
sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale do
not consist of cash or have not been subsequently sold or transferred for cash
or marketable securities), not to exceed, as of the date such Investment is
made, the greater of (A) $15,000,000 and (B) 1.20% of Consolidated Total Assets
measured as of the date of such Investment based upon the Section 8.01
Financials most recently delivered on or prior to the date such Investment is
made, calculated as of the date such Investment is made (in each case determined
as of the date such Investment is made, with the Fair Market Value of each
Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value);  
 
(xix)     Investments received in compromise or resolution
of litigation, arbitration or other disputes;  
 
(xx)     Investments by the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries consisting of deposits, prepayment and other credits to suppliers
or lessors in the ordinary course of business;  
 
(xxi)     any Investment acquired by the Company or any of
the Restricted Subsidiaries (i) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature
of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade
credit in the ordinary course of business, (ii) in exchange for any other
Investment or accounts receivable, endorsements for collection or deposit held
by the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a
result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the
issuer of such other Investment or accounts receivable (including any trade
creditor or customer) or (iii) as a result of a foreclosure by the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or
other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default;  
 -170-  

(xxii)     Investments the
payment for which consists of Equity Interests (exclusive of Disqualified Stock)
of the Company;  
  (xxiii)    
Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies,
material, services, equipment or other assets or purchases of contract rights or
licenses or contributions of Intellectual Property, in each case, in the
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;  
  (xxiv)    
obligations or commitments to public utilities or to any municipalities or
governmental or other public authorities in connection with the maintenance of
or supply of services or utilities to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;
 
  (xxv)    
Investments in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and
lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and similar deposits
entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary
course of business or consistent with past practice;  
  (xxvi)    
Investments consisting of promissory notes issued by the Company or any
Guarantor to future, present or former officers, directors and employees,
members of management, or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase
or redemption of Equity Interests of the Company, to the extent the applicable
Restricted Payment is a permitted by  Section 9.03 ;  
  (xxvii)    
Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in
connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or
in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers
and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other
transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment;  
  (xxviii)    
Investments in joint ventures of the Company or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date having an aggregate Fair Market Value
not to exceed $10,000,000 at any one time outstanding (with the Fair Market
Value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving
effect to subsequent changes in value);  
  (xxix)    
Investments made in connection with crop financing and related activities,
including advances or loans to growers, (i) in the ordinary course of business
or consistent with past practice (which shall not be limited in amount) plus
(ii) in an amount having an aggregate Fair Market Value not to exceed
$10,000,000 at any one time outstanding (with the Fair Market Value of each
Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value); and  
  (xxx)    
any Investment using the Available Equity Amount Basket.  
 For purposes of this  Section 9.05 , in the event that a
proposed Investment (or portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of
the categories of Permitted Investments described in clauses (i) through (xxx)
above, or is otherwise entitled to be incurred or made pursuant to  Section
9.03 , the Company will be entitled to classify (but not reclassify such
Investment (or portion thereof) in one or more of such categories set forth
above or under  Section 9.03 .  
 9.06.    
 Transactions with Affiliates . Each of the Company and any Restricted
Subsidiary shall not make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make
or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or
guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Company (each of the
foregoing, an  Affiliate Transaction ) involving aggregate payments or
consideration in excess of $5,000,000, other than any such Affiliate Transaction
on terms that are not materially less favorable to the Company or any such
Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable
transaction by the Company such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person
on an arm s-length basis, except:  
 -171-  

(i)    
transactions between or among the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries
or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such
transaction to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement;  
  (ii)    
Restricted Payments permitted by  Section 9.03  and Investments permitted
by  Section 9.05 ;  
  (iii)    
(A) employment agreements, employee benefit and incentive compensation plans and
arrangements and (B) the payment of reasonable fees, expenses and compensation
paid to, and indemnities and reimbursements and employment and severance
arrangements provided on behalf of or for the benefit of, current, former or
future employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors or consultants of
the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries;  
  (iv)    
transactions in which the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the
case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent
Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Company or such
Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms
are not materially less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Company or its
relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a
comparable transaction by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary with an
unrelated Person on an arm s-length basis;  
  (v)    
transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, contractors, joint venture
partners or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the
ordinary course of business or that are consistent with past practice and
otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement which are fair to the
Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the
board of directors of the Company or the senior management thereof, or are on
terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time
from an unaffiliated party;  
  (vi)    
the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of
the Company to any director, officer, employee or consultant;  
  (vii)    
payments on Indebtedness and Disqualified Stock (and cancellation of any
thereof) of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries and Preferred Stock
(cancellation thereof) of any Restricted Subsidiary to any future, current or
former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan
or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock
subscription or shareholder agreement that are, in each case, approved by the
Company in good faith; and any employment agreements, stock option plans and
other compensatory arrangements (and any successor plans thereto) and any
supplemental executive retirement benefit plans or arrangements with such
employees, directors, officers, managers or consultants which, in each case, are
approved by the Company in good faith;  
 -172-  

(viii)     the pledge of Equity Interests of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary;  
 
(ix)     payments to or from and transactions with joint
ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice (including, without limitation, any
cash management activities related thereto);  
 
(x)     transactions permitted by, and complying with, the
provisions of  Section 9.11 ;  
 
(xi)     transactions between the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries and any Person, the sole affiliation to the Company or
any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of which is that a director of such Person is
also a director of the Company;  provided ,  however , that such
director abstains from voting as a director of the Company on any matter
involving such other Person  
 
(xii)     Intellectual Property licenses in the ordinary
course of business;  
 
(xiii)     any contributions to the common equity capital of
the Company; and  
 
(xiv)     any agreement or arrangement as in effect as of
the Closing Date, or any amendment thereto (so long as any such amendment is not
disadvantageous in any material respect to the Lenders when taken as a whole as
compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date).  
 9.07.    
 Modifications of Debt Documents, Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and
Certain Other Agreements, etc . Each of the Company and any Restricted
Subsidiary shall not:  
  (a)     amend or modify any provision of
the Second Lien Loan Agreement (or the Second Lien Notes Indenture, if
applicable) (or any documentation governing any Refinancing Indebtedness in
respect thereof) or any documentation governing any other Junior Debt that has
an outstanding principal amount at the time of such amendment or modification in
excess of the Threshold Amount, to the extent that any such amendment or
modification, taken as a whole, would be materially adverse to the interests of
the Lenders; or  
  (b)     amend, modify or change its
certificate or articles of incorporation (including, without limitation, by the
filing or modification of any certificate or articles of designation),
certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws (or the
equivalent organizational documents in the relevant jurisdiction), as
applicable, to the extent that any such amendment, modification or change, taken
as a whole, would be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders.  
 9.08.    
 Limitation on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted
Subsidiaries . 
 (a)     The Company shall not, and shall
not permit any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party to, directly or
indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any
consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any such
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party to:  
 (i)    
(A) pay dividends or make any other distributions to any
Credit Party on its Capital Stock or with respect to any other interest or
participation in, or measured by, its profits or owned by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary or (B) pay any Indebtedness owed to any Credit Party;  
 -173-  

(ii)     make loans or advances to any Credit Party; or  
 
(iii)     sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or
assets to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary.  
 (b)     The
restrictions in  Section 9.08(a)  shall not apply to encumbrances or
restrictions existing under or by reason of:  
 
(i)     applicable Requirements of Law;  
 
(ii)     this Agreement and the other Credit Documents;  
 
(iii)     contractual encumbrances or restrictions pursuant
to the Second Lien Loan Agreement and the  Collateral Documents  as defined in
the Second Lien Loan Agreement (or the Second Lien Notes Indenture, if
applicable, and the  Collateral Documents  as defined in the Second Lien Notes
Indenture) or in any agreement effecting a refinancing, replacement or
substitution thereof and other contractual encumbrances existing on the Closing
Date;  
 
(iv)     purchase money obligations for property acquired in
the ordinary course of business and Capitalized Lease Obligations that impose
restrictions of the nature discussed in clause (iii) of  Section 9.08(a) 
hereof on the property so acquired;  
 
(v)     any agreement or other instrument of a Person
acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary in existence at the time of such acquisition or at the time it merges
with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or assumed in connection
with the acquisition of assets from such Person (but, in any such case, not
created in contemplation thereof), which encumbrance or restriction is not
applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than
the Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the
Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries or the property or assets so acquired;

(vi)     contracts for the sale of assets, including
customary restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary of the Company pursuant to
an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or
substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary;  
 
(vii)     Indebtedness and Liens otherwise permitted to be
incurred pursuant to  Section 9.01  and  Section 9.04 .  
 
(viii)     customary provisions in joint venture agreements
and other similar agreements or arrangements relating solely to such joint
venture;  
 
(ix)     customary provisions contained in contracts,
leases, sub-leases, licenses, sub-licenses or similar agreements, including with
respect to intellectual property and other agreements, in each case, entered
into in the ordinary course of business  
 
(x)     restrictions or conditions contained in any trading,
netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other
agreement to which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party entered
into in the ordinary course of business;  provided  that such agreement
prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Company or
such Restricted Subsidiary that are the subject to such agreement, the payment
rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any
other asset or property of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary or the
assets or property of another Restricted Subsidiary;  
 -174-  

(xi)     any encumbrance or restriction
with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary which was previously an Unrestricted
Subsidiary pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a
party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became a
Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that such agreement was not entered into
in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary
and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or
property of the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets
and property of such Subsidiary;  
 (xii)     other Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the
Closing Date pursuant to  Section 9.04  hereof;  provided  that, in
the judgment of the Company, such incurrence will not materially impair any
Credit Party s ability to make payments under the Obligations when due;  
 (xiii)     provisions limiting the
disposition or distribution of assets or property in asset sale agreements,
sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements
(including agreements entered into in connection with a Restricted Investment),
which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such
agreements;  
 (xiv)     customary provisions restricting
subletting or assignment of any lease governing any leasehold interest of the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (xv)     customary provisions
restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (xvi) restrictions
arising in connection with cash or other deposits permitted pursuant to
 Section 9.01 ; and  
 (xvii)     restrictions on cash or
other deposits or net worth imposed by (i) customers, lenders or suppliers or
(ii) other third parties under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
business or arising in connection with any Permitted Liens; or  
 (xviii)     any encumbrances or
restrictions of the type referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of
 Section 9.08(a)  imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements,
renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of
the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) through
(xvii) of this  Section 9.08(b) ; provided that such amendments,
modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings,
replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of the Company, no
more restrictive in any material respect with respect to such encumbrance and
other restrictions taken as a whole than those prior to such amendment,
modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement
or refinancing.  
 9.09.      Business; Fiscal Year .  
 (a)     The Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall not fundamentally and substantively alter
the character of their business, taken as a whole, from the business conducted
by the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on the Closing
Date and other business activities that are reasonably similar, ancillary,
complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension, development or expansion
of, such business.  
 -175-  

(b)     The Company shall not change
its fiscal year;  provided  that the Company may, upon written notice to,
and consent by, the Administrative Agent, change the financial reporting
convention specified above to any other financial reporting convention
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case the Company and
the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make
any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary in order to reflect such
change in financial reporting.  
 9.10.      Negative Pledges . 
 (a)     Each of the Company and any
Restricted Subsidiary shall not enter into or permit to exist any Contractual
Obligation that restricts in any way the ability of any Credit Party to grant
any Lien on its assets in favor of the Secured Creditors with respect to the
Obligations or under the Security Documents, other than pursuant to any
intercreditor agreement contemplated by this Agreement.  
 (b)     The restrictions in  Section
9.10(a)  shall not apply to Contractual Obligations restricting the ability
of any Credit Party to grant any Lien on its assets in favor of the Secured
Creditors with respect to the Obligations or under the Security Documents that
exists under or by reason of:  
 (i)     applicable Requirements of
Law;  
 (ii)     this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents;  
 (iii)     contractual encumbrances or
restrictions pursuant to the Second Lien Loan Agreement and the  Collateral
Documents  as defined in the Second Lien Loan Agreement (or the Second Lien
Notes Indenture, if applicable, and the  Collateral Documents  as defined in the
Second Lien Notes Indenture) or in any agreement effecting a refinancing,
replacement or substitution thereof and other contractual encumbrances existing
on the Closing Date;  
 (iv)     purchase money obligations
for property acquired in the ordinary course of business and Capitalized Lease
Obligations that impose restrictions of the nature discussed in clause (iii) of
 Section 9.08(a)  hereof on the property so acquired;  
 (v)     any agreement or other
instrument of a Person acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in existence at the time of such
acquisition or at the time it merges with or into the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary or assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such
Person (but, in any such case, not created in contemplation thereof), which
encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or
assets of any Person, other than the Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries, or
the property or assets of the Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries or the
property or assets so acquired;  
 (vi)     contracts for the sale of assets,
including customary restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary of the Company
pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition
of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary;
 
 (vii)     Indebtedness and Liens otherwise
permitted to be incurred pursuant to  Section 9.01  and  Section
9.04 .  
 (viii)     customary provisions in
joint venture agreements and other similar agreements or arrangements relating
solely to such joint venture;  
 -176-  

(ix)     customary provisions contained in
contracts, leases, sub-leases, licenses, sub-licenses or similar agreements,
including with respect to intellectual property and other agreements, in each
case, entered into in the ordinary course of business  
 (x)     restrictions or conditions
contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply,
purchase, sale or other agreement to which the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business;
 provided  that such agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the
property or assets of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary that are the
subject to such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds
thereof and does not extend to any other asset or property of the Company or
such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted
Subsidiary;  
 (xi)     any encumbrance or restriction
with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary which was previously an Unrestricted
Subsidiary pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a
party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became a
Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that such agreement was not entered into
in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary
and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or
property of the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets
and property of such Subsidiary;  
 (xii)     other Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Closing Date
pursuant to  Section 9.04  hereof;  provided  that, in the judgment of
the Company, such incurrence will not materially impair any Credit Party s
ability to make payments under the Obligations when due;  
 (xiii)     provisions limiting the
disposition or distribution of assets or property in asset sale agreements,
sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements
(including agreements entered into in connection with a Restricted Investment),
which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such
agreements;  
 (xiv)     customary provisions restricting
subletting or assignment of any lease governing any leasehold interest of the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (xv)     customary provisions restricting
assignment of any agreement entered into by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;  
 (xvi)     restrictions arising in
connection with cash or other deposits permitted pursuant to  Section
9.01 ; and  
 (xvii)     restrictions on cash or other
deposits or net worth imposed by (i) customers, lenders or suppliers or (ii)
other third parties under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
business or arising in connection with any Permitted Liens;  
 (xviii)     any encumbrances or
restrictions of the type referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of
 Section 9.08(a)  imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements,
renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of
the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) through
(xvii) of this  Section 9.08(b) ; provided that such amendments,
modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings,
replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of the Company, no
more restrictive in any material respect with respect to such encumbrance and
other restrictions taken as a whole than those prior to such amendment, modification, restatement,
renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing.  
 -177-  

9.11.      Merger, Consolidation or Sale
of All or Substantially All Assets . 
 (a)     Neither the Company nor the U.S.
Parent Borrower may consolidate, amalgamate or merge with or into or wind up
into (whether or not the Company or the U.S. Parent Borrower, as applicable, is
the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or more
related transactions, to any Person, unless:  
 (i)     in the case of any such
consolidation, amalgamation, merger, winding up or sale, assignment, transfer,
lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
or properties of (A) the Company, the Company is the surviving Person or the
Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if
other than the Company) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease,
conveyance or other disposition shall have been made, is a Person organized or
existing under the Requirements of Law of Canada or any province thereof (such
surviving Person being herein called the   Successor Company  ) or (B) the
U.S. Parent Borrower, the U.S. Parent Borrower is the surviving Person or the
Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if
other than the U.S. Parent Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment,
transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition shall have been made, is a
Person organized or existing under the law of the United States, any state
thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (such surviving
Person being herein called the   Successor U.S. Parent Borrower  ).  
 (ii)     the Successor Company (if other
than the Company) or the Successor U.S. Parent Borrower (if other than the U.S.
Parent Borrower), as applicable, expressly assumes all the obligations of the
Company or the U.S. Parent Borrower, as applicable, under this Agreement and the
other applicable Credit Documents pursuant to an assumption agreement hereto or
thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;  
 (iii)     immediately after such
transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists;  
 (iv)     any Guarantee provided by the
Company or the U.S. Parent Borrower, as applicable, shall remain in full force
and effect; and  
 (v)     any security interests and Liens
granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in and
on the assets of the Company or the U.S. Parent Borrower, as applicable, shall
remain in full force and effect and perfected and enforceable (to at least the
same extent as in effect immediately prior to such merger, consolidation,
merger, winding up or sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties);  
 (b)     Except as permitted by  Section
9.04  or otherwise not constituting an Asset Sale, no Credit Party (other
than the Company or the U.S. Parent Borrower) may consolidate, amalgamate or
merge with or into or wind up into (whether or not such Credit Party, is the
surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or more related
transactions, to any Person, unless:  
 (i)     such Credit Party is the surviving
Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation
or merger (if other than such Credit Party) or to which such sale, assignment,
transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition shall have been made, is a Person organized or existing under the law of the jurisdiction
of organization of such Credit Party, or, in the case of any such Credit Party
that is a Domestic Subsidiary, the laws of the United States, any state thereof,
the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof or, in the case of any such
Credit Party that is a Canadian Subsidiary, the law of Canada or any province
thereof , or, in the case of any such Credit Party that is a Dutch Subsidiary,
the law of the Netherlands (such surviving Person, as the case may be, being
herein called a  Successor Person   
 -178-  

(ii)     the Successor Person (if other
than such Credit Party) expressly assumes all the obligations of such Credit
Party under this Agreement and the other applicable Credit Documents pursuant to
an assumption agreement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent;  
 (iii)     immediately after such
transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists;  
 (iv)     any Guarantee provided by such
Credit Party shall remain in full force and effect; and  
 (v)     any security interests and Liens
granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in and
on the assets of such Credit Party shall remain in full force and effect and
perfected and enforceable (to at least the same extent as in effect immediately
prior to such merger, consolidation, merger, winding up or sale, assignment,
transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets or properties);  
 (c)     Notwithstanding clause (iii) of
 Section 9.11(a)  or clause (iii) of  Section 9.11(b) :  
 (i)     any Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or amalgamate with or merge with or
into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (ii)     any Subsidiary Guarantor may
consolidate or amalgamate with or merge with or into or transfer all or part of
its properties and assets to the Company, any Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor (or to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor if
that Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor); and  
 (iii)     (x) the Company may merge with an
Affiliate of the Company solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Company
in Canada or any province or territory thereof and (y) the U.S. Parent Borrower
may merge with an Affiliate of the U.S. Parent Borrower solely for the purpose
of reincorporating the U.S. Parent Borrower in the United States, any state
thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof, in the case of each
of clauses (x) and (y), so long as the amount of Indebtedness of the Company and
the Restricted Subsidiaries is not increased thereby.  
 (d)     Upon any consolidation,
amalgamation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Credit Party
in accordance with  Section 9.11(a)  or  (b) , the Successor Company,
Successor U.S. Parent Borrower or Successor Person, as applicable, formed by
such consolidation or into or with which such Credit Party is merged or to which
such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made
shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such consolidation, merger, sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the
provisions of this Agreement referring to such Company, such U.S. Parent
Borrower or such other Credit Party, as applicable, shall refer instead to the
Successor Company, Successor U.S. Parent Borrower or Successor Person, as
applicable, and not to such Company, such U.S. Parent Borrower or such other Credit Party, as
applicable), and may exercise every right and power of such Company, such U.S.
Parent Borrower or such other Credit Party, as applicable, as applicable, under
this Agreement with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named
as the Company, such U.S. Parent Borrower or such other Credit Party, as
applicable, herein;  provided  that a predecessor Credit Party shall not be
relieved from the obligation to pay the Obligations except in the case of a
sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all of such
predecessor Credit Party s assets that meets the requirements of  Section
9.11(a)  or  (b) , as applicable.  
 -179-  

9.12.      Financial Covenant . The
Company will not permit its Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any
Test Period to be lower than 1.00 to 1.00; provided that such Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio will only be tested as of the last day of the Test Period
ending immediately prior to the date on which a Financial Covenant Triggering
Event shall have occurred and shall continue to be tested as of the last day of
each Test Period thereafter until such Financial Covenant Triggering Event is no
longer continuing.  
 9.13.      Canadian Pension Plans . No
Credit Party shall:  
 (a)     establish, sponsor, maintain,
contribute or have any liability or obligation under any Canadian Pension Plan;
or  
 (b)     consummate any transaction that
would result in any Person not already a Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary if
such Person sponsors, maintains or contributes or has any liability or
obligation under one or more Canadian Pension Plans, without the prior consent
of the Administrative Agent.  
 Section 10      Events of Default .
Upon the occurrence of any of the following specified events (each, an   Event
of Default  ):  
 10.01.      Payments . Any Borrower
shall (i) default in the payment when due of any principal of any Loan or any
Note or (ii) default, and such default shall continue unremedied for five or
more Business Days, in the payment when due of any interest on any Loan or Note,
or any Fees or any other amounts owing hereunder or under any other Credit
Document; or  
 10.02.      Representations, etc . Any
representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by any Credit Party
herein or in any other Credit Document or in any certificate delivered to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be
untrue in any material respect (without duplication of any materiality standard
set forth in any such representation or warranty) on the date as of which made
or deemed made; or  
 10.03.      Covenants . The Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary shall (i) default in the due performance or observance
by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in  Section 8.01(f)(i) ,
 8.04(a)  (as to the existence of the Company),  8.09 ,  8.11, 
 8.15(c)  (solely during a Cash Dominion Period) or  Section 9 , (ii)
fail to deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate required to be delivered pursuant
to  Section 8.15(a)  within five (5) Business Days of the date such
Borrowing Base Certificate is required to be delivered (other than during the
occurrence of a Weekly Reporting Event, in which case such period shall be two
(2) Business Days), (iii) default in the due performance or observance by it of
any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or in any
other Credit Document (other than those set forth in  Sections 10.01  and
 10.02 ), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30
days after the earlier of (x) written notice thereof is received by the Company
from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or (y) a Responsible
Officer of such defaulting party gains knowledge of such default; or  
 -180-  

10.04.      Default Under Other
Agreements . (i) The Company or any Restricted Subsidiary shall (x) fail to
make any payment of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) beyond the
period of grace, if any, provided in an instrument or agreement under which such
Indebtedness was created or (y) fail to observe or perform any agreement or
condition relating to any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) or contained
in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any
other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which failure or other
event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such
Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to
cause (determined without regard to whether any notice is required), any such
Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, or (ii) any
Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary shall be declared to be (or shall become) due and payable prior to
the stated maturity thereof;  provided  that, (A) it shall not be a Default
or an Event of Default under this  Section 10.04  unless the principal
amount of any Indebtedness as described in preceding clauses (i) and (ii) is at
least equal to the Threshold Amount and (B) the preceding clauses (i) and (ii)
of this  Section 10.04  shall not apply to (x) Indebtedness that becomes
due as a result of a sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result
of a Casualty Event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if
such sale, transfer or other disposition is otherwise permitted hereunder, (y)
any Indebtedness permitted to exist or be incurred under the terms of this
Agreement that is required to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed in
connection with any asset sale event, casualty or condemnation event, change of
control (without limiting the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
under  Section 10.10 ), excess cash flow or other customary provision in
such Indebtedness giving rise to such requirement to prepay, defease, repurchase
or redeem in the absence of any default thereunder or (z) Indebtedness in
respect of any Hedging Agreement that becomes due pursuant to a termination
event or equivalent event (other than an event that, pursuant to the terms of
such Hedge Agreement, constitutes a default or event of default in accordance
with the terms thereof ) under the terms of such Hedging Agreement; or  
 10.05.      Bankruptcy, etc . The
Company or any Material Subsidiaries shall, to the extent applicable, commence a
voluntary case or proceeding concerning itself under Title 11 of the United
States Code entitled  Bankruptcy,  as now or hereafter in effect, or any
successor thereto (the   Bankruptcy Code  ) or commence any analogous case,
proceeding, step or procedure under any other Debtor Relief Law of any
jurisdiction (including pursuant to the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada),
the Companies  Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) or the Insolvency Act of
1986); or an involuntary case or proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or under
any other Debtor Relief Law is commenced against the Company or any Material
Subsidiary in any jurisdiction, and the petition or proceeding is not
controverted within 30 days, or is not dismissed within 60 days, after
commencement of the case or proceeding; or a custodian (as defined in the
Bankruptcy Code), receiver, interim receiver, receiver-manager, trustee,
liquidator, administrator, monitor or similar officer is appointed for, or takes
charge of, all or substantially all of the property of the Company or any
Material Subsidiary, or there is commenced against the Company or any Material
Subsidiary any such proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of 60
days, or the company or any Material Subsidiary is adjudicated, or is deemed for
purposes of any applicable Debtor Relief Law to be, insolvent or bankrupt; or
any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is
entered; or the Company or any Material Subsidiary suffers any appointment of
any custodian, receiver, interim receiver, receiver-manager, trustee,
liquidator, administrator, monitor or the like for it or any substantial part of
its property to continue undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or
the Company or any Material Subsidiary makes a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors; or any corporate, limited liability company or similar
action is taken by the Company or any Material Subsidiary for the purpose of
effecting any of the foregoing; or  
 10.06.      ERISA; Dutch Works Council
Act . (a) An ERISA Event has occurred which has resulted or could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) a Foreign Pension Plan
has failed to comply with, or be funded in accordance with, applicable
Requirement of Law which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, or (c) a Dutch Works Council Act Event has occurred and
has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect; or  
 -181-  

10.07.      Credit Documents . (i) Any
Credit Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted in writing by any
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary not to be, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of any party thereto, other than as a result of acts or omissions by
any Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender or upon the
occurrence of the Payment in Full Date or (ii) any of the Security Documents
shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect (other than as a
result of acts or omissions by any Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or
any Lender or the satisfaction in full of the Obligations), or shall cease to
give the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors the Liens,
rights, powers and privileges purported to be created thereby (including,
without limitation (to the extent provided therein), a perfected (or the
equivalent with respect to the Canadian Credit Parties and Dutch Credit Parties
under applicable Requirements of Law) security interest in, and Lien on, all of
the Collateral (other than immaterial Collateral), in favor of the Collateral
Agent, superior to and prior to the rights of all third Persons (subject to (x)
the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (y) any Lien permitted by
 Section 9.01 ), and subject to no other Liens (except as permitted by
 Section 9.01 ) other than (x) as a result of a release of Collateral
permitted under  Section 12.12 , (y) as a result of the failure of any
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to (1) maintain possession of any
stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments actually delivered to
it under the Credit Documents or (2) file initial UCC or PPSA financing
statements;  provided  that it shall not be a Default or Event of Default
under this  Section 10.07  if the Credit Document or Security Document at
issue was not required by virtue of the requirements of the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement to have been executed and delivered by any Credit Party;
or  
 10.08.      Guarantees . Any Credit
Party Guarantee or any provision thereof shall cease to be in full force or
effect as to any Credit Party, or any Guarantor shall deny or disaffirm such
Credit Party s obligations under the Credit Party Guarantee to which it is a
party; or  
 10.09.      Judgments . One or more
judgments or decrees for the payment of money shall be entered against the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary involving in the aggregate for the Company
and any Restricted Subsidiary a liability or liabilities (not paid or fully
covered by a reputable and solvent insurance company (as determined in good
faith by the Company) and such judgments and decrees either shall be final and
non-appealable and not satisfied or shall not be vacated, discharged or stayed
or bonded pending appeal for any period of 60 consecutive days, and the
aggregate amount of all such judgments and decrees for the payment of money (to
the extent not paid or fully covered by such insurance company) equals or
exceeds the Threshold Amount; or  
 10.10.      Change of Control . A
Change of Control shall occur;  
 then and in any such event, and at any time thereafter, if any
Event of Default shall then be continuing, the Administrative Agent may, and
upon the written request of the Required Lenders, shall, by written notice to
the Company, take any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the
rights of the Administrative Agents, any Lender or the holder of any Note to
enforce its claims against any Credit Party ( provided  that, if an Event
of Default specified in  Section 10.05  shall occur with respect to any
Credit Party, the result which would occur upon the giving of written notice by
the Administrative Agent as specified in clauses (i) and (ii) below shall occur
automatically without the giving of any such notice): (i) declare the Revolving
Commitments terminated, whereupon all Commitments of each Lender shall forthwith
terminate immediately; (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest in
respect of all Loans and the Notes owing hereunder and thereunder to be,
whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Credit Party; (iii) enforce, as Collateral
Agent, all of the Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Security
Documents; (iv) enforce each Credit Party Guarantee, (v) terminate, reduce or
condition any Revolving Commitment, or make any adjustment to the Borrowing Base
and (vi) require the Credit Parties to Cash Collateralize LC Obligations, and,
if the Credit Parties fail promptly to deposit such Cash Collateral, the
Administrative Agent may (and shall upon the direction of Required Lenders)
advance the required Cash Collateral as Revolving Loans (whether or not an
Overadvance exists or is created thereby, or the conditions in  Section
6.01  are satisfied).  
 -182-  

10.11.      Application of Funds .
After the exercise of remedies provided for above (or after the Loans have
automatically become immediately due and payable and the LC Exposure has
automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth above), any
amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions
of  Sections 2.11  and  2.13(j) , be applied in the following order:
 
  First , to the payment of all reasonable costs and
out-of-pocket expenses, fees, commissions and taxes of such sale, collection or
other realization including, without limitation, compensation to the
Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and all
expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent
or the Collateral Agent in connection therewith (other than in respect of
Secured Bank Product Obligations and any Incremental FILO Facility);  
  Second , to the payment of all other reasonable costs and
out-of-pocket expenses of such sale, collection or other realization including,
without limitation, costs and expenses and all costs, liabilities and advances
made or incurred by the other Secured Creditors in connection therewith (other
than in respect of Secured Bank Product Obligations and any Incremental FILO
Facility);  
  Third , to interest then due and payable on the Swingline
Loans;  
  Fourth , to the principal balance of the Swingline Loans
and Protective Advances outstanding until the same has been prepaid in full;
 
  Fifth , to interest then due and payable on Revolving
Loans (other than any Loans under an Incremental FILO Facility) and other
amounts due pursuant to  Sections 3.01 ,  3.02  and  4.01 ;  
  Sixth , to Cash Collateralize all LC Exposures (to the
extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms hereof) plus any
accrued and unpaid interest thereon;  
  Seventh , to the principal balance of Revolving
Borrowings (other than any Loans under an Incremental FILO Facility) then
outstanding and all Secured Bank Product Obligations on account of Secured
Reserved Hedges with Secured Hedge Banks pro rata;  
  Eighth , to the payment of all Obligations of the Credit
Parties with respect to any Incremental FILO Facility that are then due and
payable to the applicable Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent, each
Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, the Lenders and other Secured Creditors,
ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations
owing to them on such date;  
  Ninth , to all Secured Unreserved Hedges, other Secured
Bank Product Obligations and other Obligations pro rata; and  
 -183-  

Tenth , the balance, if any, as required by any
intercreditor agreement or, in the absence of any such requirement, to the
Person lawfully entitled thereto (including the applicable Credit Party or its
successors or assigns).  
 Amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount
of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause  Sixth  above shall be applied to
satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount
remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either
been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other
Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Amounts distributed with
respect to any Secured Bank Product Obligations shall be the lesser of the
maximum Secured Bank Product Obligations last reported to the Administrative
Agent or the actual Secured Bank Product Obligations as calculated by the
methodology reported to the Administrative Agent for determining the amount due.
The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount to be
distributed with respect to any Secured Bank Product Obligations, and may
request a reasonably detailed calculation of such amount from the applicable
Secured Creditor. If a Secured Creditor fails to deliver such calculation within
five (5) Business Days following request by the Administrative Agent, the
Administrative Agent may assume the amount to be distributed is zero.  
 In the event that any such proceeds are insufficient to pay in
full the items described in clauses  First  through  Eighth  of this
 Section 10.11 , the Credit Parties shall remain liable for any deficiency.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, this  Section 10.11  is subject
to the provisions of any intercreditor agreement.  
 Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall
not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but
appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Credit
Parties to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in
this  Section 10.11 .  
 Section 11      The Administrative
Agent .  
 11.01.      Appointment and
Authorization .  
 (a)     Each Lender hereby irrevocably
designates and appoints (i) BANA as U.S. Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent for such Lender, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada Branch)
as Canadian Administrative Agent for such Lender and Bank of America, N.A.
(acting through its London Branch) as Dutch Administrative Agent for such
Lender, (ii) Rabobank Nederland, Canadian Branch and Bank of Montreal as
Co-Syndication Agents for such Lender, (iii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Documentation Agent for such Lender and (iv) Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  
Smith Incorporated, Rabobank Nederland, Canadian Branch and Bank of Montreal as
Joint Lead Arrangers for such Lender, each to act as specified herein and in the
other Credit Documents. Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf
under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Credit Document and to
exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by
the terms of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, together with such
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Credit Document, the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or
responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein. The Co-Syndication
Agents, the Documentation Agent and Joint Lead Arrangers shall have no rights,
powers, obligations, liabilities, responsibilities or duties under this
Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, except in its capacity, as
applicable, as a Lender, a Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder. The
Agents shall not have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any
Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any
other Credit Document or otherwise exist against the Agents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, the use of the term  agent  herein and in the other Credit Documents
with reference to the Agents is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other
implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable
Requirement of Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market
custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship
between independent contracting parties.  
 -184-  

(b)     Each of the Lenders (including in
its capacity as a Secured Bank Product Provider) hereby further authorizes the
Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent to enter into the Lender Loss
Sharing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, any other intercreditor
agreement (including those contemplated by  Section 9.01(vi) ) and any
respective amendments thereto on behalf of such Lender. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, each of the Lenders hereby authorizes and directs
the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent to bind each Lender to the
actions required by such Lender under the terms of the Lender Loss Sharing
Agreement and any intercreditor agreement, including the Intercreditor
Agreement. In addition, (i) each of the Lenders and each Issuing Bank hereby
authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and Issuing
Bank for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on
Collateral granted by any of the Credit Parties to secure any of the
Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably
incidental thereto, and (ii) to the extent required under the Requirements of
Law of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, each of the
Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby grants to the Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Security
Document governed by the Requirements of Law of such jurisdiction on such
Lender s or Issuing Bank s behalf. 
 (c)     The provisions of this  Section
11  (other than  Sections 11.09  and  11.11 ) are solely for the
benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and the Borrowers
shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
 
 11.02.      Delegation of Duties . The
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may execute any of their duties
under this Agreement or any other Credit Document by or through agents,
employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and
other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.
The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for
the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in
the absence of such Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s gross
negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction.  
 11.03.      Liability of Agents . No
Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit
Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (i) with the consent or at the
request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent-Related Person shall believe in
good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in  Section
10 ) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct
as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein, (b) be
responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital,
statement, representation or warranty made by any Credit Party or any officer
thereof, contained herein or in any other Credit Document, or in any
certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in,
or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, or the validity, effectiveness,
genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit
Document, or for any failure of any Credit Party or any other party to any
Credit Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder, or (c) have
any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers,
except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the
other Credit Documents that such Agent-Related Person is required to exercise as
directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage
of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in
the other Credit Documents);  provided  that each of the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in
its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Credit Document or
applicable Requirement of Law. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any
obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the
observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions
of, this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or to inspect the properties,
books or records of any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof.  
 -185-  

11.04.      Reliance by the Agents .
 
 (a)     Each of the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected
in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution,
representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram,
facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or
other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice
and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Credit Party),
independent accountants and other experts selected by such Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any
Credit Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the
Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first
be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability
and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to
take any such action. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting,
under this Agreement or any other Credit Document in accordance with a request
or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be
expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken
or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders.  
 (b)     For purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in  Section 5 , each Lender that
has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or
accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required
thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a
Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such
Lender prior to the Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.  
 11.05.      Notice of Default . The
Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the
occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of
principal, interest and Fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent for
the account of the Lenders, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
written notice from a Lender or the Company referring to this Agreement,
describing such Default and stating that such notice is a  notice of default. 
The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such
notice. The Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall take such action
with respect to such Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in
accordance with  Section 10 ;  provided ,  however , that unless
and until the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent has received any such
direction, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent may (but shall not be
obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect
to such Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the
Lenders.  
 11.06.      Credit Decision; Disclosure
of Information by the Agents . Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related
Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any
Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment
or review of the affairs of any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be
deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person
to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have
disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender
represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon
any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has
deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of an investigation into the
business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and
creditworthiness of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and
all applicable bank or other regulatory Requirements of Law relating to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this
Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers and the other Credit Parties
hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under
this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, and to make such investigations
as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects,
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Borrowers and the other Credit Parties. Except for notices, reports and other
documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the
Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or
responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information
concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other
condition or creditworthiness of any of the Credit Parties or any of their
respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related
Person.  
 -186-  

11.07.      Indemnification of the
Agents . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated,
the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent (and its officers, directors,
employees, agents and attorneys in fact which are acting on behalf of the such
Agent) (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Credit Party and
without limiting the obligation of any Credit Party to do so), pro rata, and
hold harmless each Agent (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and
attorneys in fact which are acting on behalf of such Agent) from and against any
and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it;  provided ,  however ,
that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent (and its officers,
directors, employees, agents and attorneys in fact which are acting on behalf of
such Agent) of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent
determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent s (and its officers, directors,
employees, agents and attorneys in fact which are acting on behalf such Agent)
own gross negligence or willful misconduct;  provided ,  however ,
that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders
shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for
purposes of this Section. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall
reimburse each Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or
out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel) incurred by such Agent in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of,
or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement,
any other Credit Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to
herein, to the extent that the such Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by
or on behalf of the Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section shall survive
termination of the Revolving Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations
and the resignation of the Agents.  
 11.08.      Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent in Its Individual Capacity . BANA and its Affiliates may
make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from,
acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust,
financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each of the Credit
Parties and their respective Affiliates as though BANA was not an Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of the
Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, BANA or its
Affiliates may receive information regarding any Credit Party or its Affiliates
(including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in
favor of such Credit Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the
Administrative Agents and Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to
provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, BANA shall have the same
rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such
rights and powers as though it were not an Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent, and the terms   Lender   and   Lenders   include
BANA in its individual capacity.  
 -187-  

11.09.      Successor Administrative
Agents .  
 (a)     Any Agent may resign upon 30 days 
prior written notice to the Lenders and to the Company. Such Agent may be
replaced by the Required Lenders if it or one of its Affiliates shall become a
Defaulting Lender. If an Agent under any Subfacility resigns or is replaced, the
Agents under the other Subfacilities shall also be deemed to have resigned and
need to be replaced. If an Agent resigns or is replaced under this Agreement,
the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor
administrative agent or collateral agent, as applicable, for the Lenders under
each Subfacility, which successor agent shall be consented to by the Company at
all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under
 Section 10.01  or  10.05  (which consent of the Company shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to
the effective date of the resignation of an Agent, such Agent may appoint (if it
resigns but not if it is replaced), after consulting with the Lenders and with
the consent of the Company at all times other than during the existence of an
Event of Default under  Section 10.01  or  10.05 (with respect to the
Company) , a successor agent from among the Lenders under each Subfacility;
 provided  that any such successor agent shall be either a domestic office
of a commercial bank organized under the Requirements of Law of the United
States or any State thereof, or a United States branch of a bank that is
organized under the Requirements of Law of another jurisdiction, in either case
which has a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000. Upon the
acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as
such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the
retiring Agent and the term  U.S. Administrative Agent,   Canadian
Administrative Agent,   Dutch Administrative Agent,   Administrative Agent 
and/or  Collateral Agent  shall mean such successor agent and the retiring or
replaced Agent s appointment, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated.
After any retiring or replaced Agent s resignation or replacement hereunder as
Agent, the provisions of this  Section 11  and  Section 12.01  shall
inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while
it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted
appointment as Agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring or
replaced Agent s notice of resignation or its replacement, the retiring or
replaced Agent s resignation or replacement shall nevertheless thereupon become
effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Agent hereunder
until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as
provided for above (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the
Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders or each Issuing Bank under any of the
Credit Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such
collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is
appointed).  
 (b)     Any resignation or replacement by
BANA as administrative agent pursuant to this  Section 11.09  shall also
constitute its resignation or replacement as lender of the Swingline Loans under
the relevant Subfacility to the extent that BANA is acting in such capacity at
such time. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative
Agent hereunder, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all
of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring lender of the
Swingline Loans and (ii) the retiring or replaced lender of the Swingline Loans
shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under
the other Credit Documents.  
 (c)     For purposes of any Dutch Security
Agreement or any other right of pledge governed by Netherlands Requirements of
Law, any resignation by the Administrative Agent is not effective with respect
to its rights under a Parallel Debt until all rights and obligations under such
Parallel Debt have been assigned and assumed to the successor agent. The
Administrative Agent will reasonably cooperate in assigning its rights under the
Parallel Debts to any such successor agent and will reasonably cooperate in transferring all rights under any Dutch Security Agreement or
any other Security Agreement governed by Netherlands Requirements of Law (as the
case may be) to such successor agent.  
 -188-  

11.10.      Administrative Agent May File
Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or
other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent
(irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Exposure shall then be
due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on
the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such
proceeding or otherwise:  
 (a)     to file and prove a claim for the
whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the
Loans, LC Exposure and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to
file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including
any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances
of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their
respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Administrative Agent under  Sections 2.05  and  12.01 )
allowed in such judicial proceeding; and  
 (b)     to collect and receive any monies
or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute
the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator,
sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby
authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the
Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing
Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent
and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent
under  Sections 2.05  and  12.01 .  
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the
Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of
any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender
or any Issuing Bank to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of
the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding.  
 11.11.      Collateral and Guarantee
Matters . The Lenders and the Issuing Banks irrevocably authorize the
Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent, to take any action permitted by
 Section 12.13 .  
 Upon request by an Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the applicable
Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s, as applicable, authority to
release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or
to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Credit Party Guarantee
pursuant to  Section 12.13 ;  provided  that such authorization shall
not in any event be or become a condition to the effectiveness of any such
release or subordination if the provisions of  Section 12.13  are otherwise
satisfied.  
 11.12.      Bank Product Providers .
Each Secured Bank Product Provider, by delivery of a notice to the
Administrative Agent of such agreement, agrees to be bound by this  Section
11 . Each such Secured Bank Product Provider shall indemnify and hold
harmless Agent-Related Persons, to the extent not reimbursed by the Credit Parties, against all claims that may
be incurred by or asserted against any Agent-Related Person in connection with
such provider s Secured Bank Product Obligations.  
 -189-  

11.13.      The Collateral Agent . The
Collateral Agent and any agent, employee or attorney-in-fact appointed by the
 collateral agent  pursuant to  Section 11.02  for purposes of holding or
enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the
Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the
direction of the  collateral agent,  shall be entitled to the benefits of all
provisions of this  Section 11  and  Section 12  as though such agent,
employee or attorney-in-fact were the  collateral agent  under the Credit
Documents, as set forth in full herein with respect thereto.  
 11.14.      Withholding Taxes . To the
extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law (as determined in good
faith by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent may withhold from
any payment to any Lender under any Credit Document an amount equivalent to any
applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of
 Section 4.01 , each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within
10 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses,
claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of
any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the
Administrative Agent by the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental
Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly
withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any
reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly
executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a
change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of,
withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or
liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be
conclusive absent demonstrable error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing
to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Credit Document against any
amount due the Administrative Agent under this  Section 11.14 . The
agreements in this  Section 11.14  shall survive the resignation and/or
replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the
replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt,
for purposes of this  Section 11.14 , the term  Lender  shall include any
Issuing Bank and any Swingline Lender.  
 11.15.      Quebec Representative .
Without limiting the powers of the Collateral Agent, for the purposes of holding
any hypothec granted to the Attorney (as defined below) pursuant to the
Requirements of Law of the Province of Qu bec to secure the prompt payment and
performance of any and all Obligations by any Credit Party, each of the Secured
Creditors hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent and,
to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of the
Collateral Agent, to act as the hypothecary representative of the creditors as
contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec (in such capacity,
the   Attorney  ), and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf,
and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that
are conferred upon the Attorney under any related deed of hypothec. The Attorney
shall: (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except
as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and
remedies given to the Attorney pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and
applicable law, and (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof
with respect to the Collateral Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without
limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility
to and indemnification by the Secured Creditors and Credit Parties. Any person
who becomes a Secured Creditor shall, by its execution of an Assignment and
Acceptance Agreement, be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Attorney
as the person acting as hypothecary representative holding the aforesaid
hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Secured Creditor, all actions taken by the Attorney in such
capacity. The substitution of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of
this  Section 11.15  also constitutes the substitution of the Attorney.  
 -190-  

11.16.      Appointment of Collateral
Agent as security trustee for UK Security Agreements . For the purposes of
any Liens or Collateral created under the UK Security Agreements, the following
additional provisions shall apply, in addition to the provisions set out in
 Section 11  or otherwise hereunder.  
 (a)     In this  Section 11.16 , the
following expressions shall have the following meanings:  
 (i)       Appointee   shall mean any
receiver, administrator or other insolvency officer appointed in respect of any
Credit Party or its assets.  
 (ii)       Charged Property   shall
mean the assets of the Credit Parties subject to a security interest under the
UK Security Agreements.  
 (iii)       Delegate   shall mean any
delegate, agent, attorney or co-trustee appointed by the Collateral Agent (in
its capacity as security trustee).  
 (iv)       UK Security Agreements  
shall mean each security document executed by any Credit Party and governed by
English law in favour of the Collateral Agent.  
 (b)     The Secured Creditors appoint the
Collateral Agent to hold the security interests constituted by the UK Security
Agreements on trust for the Secured Creditors on the terms of the Credit
Documents and the Collateral Agent accepts that appointment. 
 (c)     The Collateral Agent, its
subsidiaries and associated companies may each retain for its own account and
benefit any fee, remuneration and profits paid to it in connection with (i) its
activities under the Credit Documents; and (ii) its engagement in any kind of
banking or other business with any Credit Party.  
 (d)     Nothing in this Agreement
constitutes the Collateral Agent as a trustee or fiduciary of, nor shall the
Collateral Agent have any duty or responsibility to, any Credit Party.  
 (e)     The Collateral Agent shall have no
duties or obligations to any other person except for those which are expressly
specified in the Credit Documents or mandatorily required by applicable law.
 
 (f)     The Collateral Agent may appoint
one or more Delegates on such terms (which may include the power to
sub-delegate) and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit, to exercise and
perform all or any of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in it by
the UK Security Agreements and shall not be obliged to supervise any Delegate or
be responsible to any person for any loss incurred by reason of any act,
omission, misconduct or default on the part of any Delegate.  
 (g)     The Collateral Agent may (whether
for the purpose of complying with any law or regulation of any overseas
jurisdiction, or for any other reason) appoint (and subsequently remove) any
person to act jointly with the Collateral Agent either as a separate trustee or
as a co-trustee on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Collateral
Agent thinks fit and with such of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in
the Collateral Agent by the UK Security Agreements as may be conferred by the
instrument of appointment of that person.  
 -191-  

(h)     The Collateral Agent shall notify
the Lenders of the appointment of each Appointee (other than a Delegate).  
 (i)     The Collateral Agent may pay
reasonable remuneration to any Delegate or Appointee, together with any costs
and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Delegate or
Appointee in connection with its appointment. All such remuneration, costs and
expenses shall be treated, for the purposes of this Agreement, as paid or
incurred by the Collateral Agent.  
 (j)     Each Delegate and each Appointee
shall have every benefit, right, power and discretion and the benefit of every
exculpation (together   Rights  ) of the Collateral Agent (in its capacity
as security trustee) under the UK Security Agreements, and each reference to the
Collateral Agent (where the context requires that such reference is to the
Collateral Agent in its capacity as security trustee) in the provisions of the
UK Security Agreements which confer Rights shall be deemed to include a
reference to each Delegate and each Appointee.  
 (k)     Each Secured Creditor confirms its
approval of the UK Security Agreements and authorizes and instructs the
Collateral Agent: (i) to execute and deliver the UK Security Agreements; (ii) to
exercise the rights, powers and discretions given to the Collateral Agent (in
its capacity as security trustee) under or in connection with the UK Security
Agreements together with any other incidental rights, powers and discretions;
and (iii) to give any authorizations and confirmations to be given by the
Collateral Agent (in its capacity as security trustee) on behalf of the Secured
Creditors under the UK Security Agreements.  
 (l)     The Collateral Agent may accept
without inquiry the title (if any) which any person may have to the Charged
Property.  
 (m)     Each other Secured Creditor
confirms that it does not wish to be registered as a joint proprietor of any
security interest constituted by a UK Security Agreement and accordingly
authorizes: (a) the Collateral Agent to hold such security interest in its sole
name (or in the name of any Delegate) as trustee for the Secured Creditors; and
(b) the Land Registry (or other relevant registry) to register the Collateral
Agent (or any Delegate or Appointee) as a sole proprietor of such security
interest.  
 (n)     Except to the extent that a UK
Security Agreement otherwise requires, any moneys which the Collateral Agent
receives under or pursuant to a UK Security Agreement may be: (a) invested in
any investments which the Collateral Agent selects and which are authorized by
applicable law; or (b) placed on deposit at any bank or institution (including
the Collateral Agent) on terms that the Collateral Agent thinks fit, in each
case in the name or under the control of the Collateral Agent, and the
Collateral Agent shall hold those moneys, together with any accrued income (net
of any applicable Tax) to the order of the Lenders, and shall pay them to the
Lenders on demand.  
 (o)     On a disposal of any of the Charged
Property which is permitted under the Credit Documents, the Collateral Agent
shall (at the cost of the Credit Parties) execute any release of the UK Security
Agreements or other claim over that Charged Property and issue any certificates
of non-crystallisation of floating charges that may be required or take any
other action that the Collateral Agent considers desirable.  
 -192-  

(p)     The Collateral Agent shall not be
liable for:  
 (i)     any defect in or failure of the
title (if any) which any person may have to any assets over which security is
intended to be created by a UK Security Agreement;  
 (ii)     any loss resulting from the
investment or deposit at any bank of moneys which it invests or deposits in a
manner permitted by a UK Security Agreement;  
 (iii)     the exercise of, or the failure
to exercise, any right, power or discretion given to it by or in connection with
any Credit Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered
into, or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Credit
Document; or  
 (iv)     any shortfall which arises on
enforcing a UK Security Agreement.  
 (q)     The Collateral Agent shall not be
obligated to:  
 (i)     obtain any authorization or
environmental permit in respect of any of the Charged Property or a UK Security
Agreement;  
 (ii)     hold in its own possession a UK
Security Agreement, title deed or other document relating to the Charged
Property or a UK Security Agreement;  
 (iii)     perfect, protect, register, make
any filing or give any notice in respect of a UK Security Agreement (or the
order of ranking of a UK Security Agreement), unless that failure arises
directly from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct; or  
 (iv)     require any further assurances in
relation to a UK Security Agreement.  
 (r)     In respect of any UK Security
Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to: (i) insure, or
require any other person to insure, the Charged Property; or (ii) make any
enquiry or conduct any investigation into the legality, validity, effectiveness,
adequacy or enforceability of any insurance existing over such Charged Property.
 
 (s)     In respect of any UK Security
Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or duty to any
person for any loss suffered as a result of: (i) the lack or inadequacy of any
insurance; or (ii) the failure of the Collateral Agent to notify the insurers of
any material fact relating to the risk assumed by them, or of any other
information of any kind, unless Required Lenders have requested it to do so in
writing and the Collateral Agent has failed to do so within fourteen (14) days
after receipt of that request.  
 (t)     Every appointment of a successor
Collateral Agent under a UK Security Agreement shall be by deed.  
 (u)     Section 1 of the Trustee Act 2000
(UK) shall not apply to the duty of the Collateral Agent in relation to the
trusts constituted by this Agreement.  
 (v)     In the case of any conflict between
the provisions of this Agreement and those of the Trustee Act 1925 (UK) or the
Trustee Act 2000 (UK), the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail to the
extent allowed by law, and shall constitute a restriction or exclusion for the
purposes of the Trustee Act 2000 (UK).  
 -193-  

(w)     The perpetuity period under the
rule against perpetuities if applicable to this Agreement and any UK Security
Agreement shall be 80 years from the date of this Agreement.]  
 11.17.      Authorization to Take Action
Regarding Dutch Pledges . The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized by
the Lenders which are a party to this Agreement to execute and deliver any
documents necessary or appropriate to create the rights of pledge governed by
the laws of the Netherlands for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, including
the Dutch Security Agreements. Without prejudice to the provisions of this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents, the parties hereto acknowledge and
agree with the creation of parallel debt obligations of the Dutch Credit Parties
and any other Person providing security under a Dutch Security Agreement as will
be described in the Parallel Debt(s), including that any payment received by the
Administrative Agent in respect of the Parallel Debt(s) will be deemed a
satisfaction of a pro rata portion of the corresponding amounts of the
Obligations.  
 Section 12      Miscellaneous .  
 12.01.      Payment of Expenses, etc .
 
 (a)     The Credit Parties hereby jointly
and severally agree to: (i) pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses (A) of the Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers and Issuing
Banks (without duplication) limited, in the case of legal fees, to the
reasonable fees and disbursements of one primary counsel in each of the U.S.,
Canada, the U.K. and the Netherlands, and, if reasonably necessary, one local
counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and an additional counsel in the case of
conflicts) in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the documents and instruments
referred to herein and therein, the administration hereof and thereof and any
amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto or thereto (whether or not
effective), (B) of the Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers (without duplication)
in connection with their syndication efforts with respect to this Agreement, (C)
of the Agents in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to herein and
therein or in connection with any refinancing or restructuring of the credit
arrangements provided under this Agreement in the nature of a  work-out  or
pursuant to any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings and (D) of the Agents in
connection with Collateral monitoring, Collateral reviews and Appraisals and
Field Examinations (limited, as set forth in  Section 8.15) ; and (ii)
indemnify each Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, each Lender, each Issuing Bank
and their respective Affiliates and branches, and the officers, directors,
employees, controlling persons, agents, advisors and other representatives of
each of the foregoing (each, an   Indemnified Person  ) from and hold each
of them harmless against any and all liabilities (including Environmental
Liabilities), losses, damages, claims and expenses to which any such Indemnified
Person may become subject, in each case arising out of or in connection with (w)
any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to the Credit
Documents, (x) any use or proposed use of proceeds hereunder and any of the
other transactions contemplated hereby and (y) to reimburse each such
Indemnified Person upon demand for any reasonable and documented fees,
disbursements and other charges of counsel (limited to one firm of counsel for
all Indemnified Persons (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of
interest where the Indemnified Person affected by such conflict has retained its
own counsel, another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnified Person) and,
to the extent required, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction
for all Indemnified Persons) incurred in connection with investigating or
defending any of the foregoing (collectively, the   Indemnified
Liabilities    provided  that the foregoing indemnity will not, as to
any Indemnified Person, apply to liabilities, losses, damages, claims and
expense to the extent that (x) such liability, loss, damage, claim or expense
resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such
Indemnified Person, any Affiliate or branch of such Indemnified Person or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, controlling persons, agents,
advisors and other representatives, as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision, (y) in the case of any
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding initiated by the Company or one of
its Subsidiaries against any Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Lender or any
Issuing Bank, such liability, loss, damage, claim or expense resulted from a
breach by such Agent, such Joint Lead Arranger, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as
applicable, or its Affiliates or any of its or their respective officers,
directors, employees, controlling persons, agents, advisors and other
representatives of the obligations of such Agent, such Joint Lead Arranger, such
Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder as determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision or (z) such
liability, loss, damage, claim or expense resulted from any claim,
investigation, litigation or proceeding solely between and among Indemnified
Persons and not arising from any act or omission by the Company or any of its
Affiliates;  provided  that the Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the
Issuing Banks to the extent fulfilling their respective roles as an Agent, Joint
Lead Arranger or Issuing Bank hereunder and in their capacities as such, shall
remain indemnified in such claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding to the
extent the exception set forth in clause (x) of the immediately preceding
proviso does not apply to such Person at such time. For the avoidance of doubt,
this  Section 12.01(a)(ii)  shall not apply to any Taxes other than Taxes
that represent liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
costs, expenses and disbursements arising from a non-Tax claim.  
 -194-  

(b)     (i) No Agent or any Indemnified
Person shall be responsible or liable to any Credit Party or any other Person
for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials
obtained through electronic, telecommunications or other information
transmission systems, in each case, in the absence of gross negligence, willful
misconduct or bad faith on the part of such Agent or Indemnified Person (in each
case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable judgment) and (ii) no Agent, Indemnified Person or Credit Party
or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof shall be liable for any indirect,
special, exemplary, incidental, punitive or consequential damages (including,
without limitation, any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings) which
may be alleged as a result of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the
financing contemplated hereby;  provided  that nothing in this clause
(b)(ii) shall limit the Credit Parties  indemnification obligations pursuant to
clause (a) above to the extent such indirect, special, punitive or consequential
damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which such
Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnification under clause (a) above.  
 12.02.      Right of Setoff . In
addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable Requirements of
Law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each
Administrative Agent and each Lender is hereby authorized at any time or from
time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind
to any Credit Party or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby
expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and apply any and all deposits
(general or special, in whatever currency) (other than accounts used exclusively
for payroll, payroll taxes, fiduciary and trust purposes, and employee benefits)
and any other Indebtedness (in whatever currency) at any time held or owing by
such Administrative Agent or such Lender (including, without limitation, by
branches and agencies of such Administrative Agent or such Lender wherever
located) to or for the credit or the account of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiaries against and on account of the Obligations of the Credit Parties
that are at such time due and owing to such Administrative Agent or such Lender
under this Agreement or under any of the other Credit Documents.  
 12.03.      Notices .  
 (a)     Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein or in any other Credit Document, all notices and other
communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including electronic
communication) and mailed, or delivered: (x) if to any Credit Party, c/o SunOpta
Inc., 2233 Argentia Road, Suite 401, Mississauga, Ontario L5N 2X7, Attention:
Rick Albert, Treasurer, (email: rick.albert@sunopta.com); and (y) if to any Lender, at its
address specified in writing to the Administrative Agent, at the Notice Office;
or, (z) if to any Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, at the addresses
set forth in  Schedule 12.03  and at such other address as shall be
designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All
such notices and communications shall, when mailed, sent by electronic
transmission or sent by overnight courier, be effective five (5) Business Days
after deposit in the mails, one (1) Business Day after delivery to the overnight
courier, or when received in the case of electronic transmission, except that
notices and communications to the Administrative Agents and the Credit Parties
shall not be effective until received by the applicable Administrative Agent or
the Company, as the case may be.  
 -195-  

(b)     Notices and other communications to
the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications
pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. Each of the
Administrative Agent and the Company may, in its respective discretion, agree to
accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic
communications pursuant to procedures approved by it;  provided  that
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or
communications.  
 12.04.      Benefit of Agreement;
Assignments; Participations, etc .  
 (a)     This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Credit Parties, the Agents, the Lenders,
the Issuing Banks and their respective successors and permitted assigns, (a)
except as otherwise set forth herein or in any other Credit Document, no
Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights or delegate its obligations
under any Credit Documents; and (b) except that any assignment, transfer,
participation or other disposition by a Lender of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement or the other Credit Documents must be made in compliance
with this  Section 12.04 . The Administrative Agent may treat the Person
which made any Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes until such Person
makes an assignment in accordance with this  Section 12.04 . Any
authorization or consent of a Lender shall be conclusive and binding on any
subsequent transferee, participant or assignee of such Lender.  
 (b)     A Lender may assign to an Eligible
Assignee any of its rights and obligations under the Credit Documents, as long
as (a) in the case of a partial assignment, is in a minimum principal amount of
$5,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed by Administrative Agent and the Company in
their reasonable discretion) and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess of
that amount; (b) except in the case of an assignment in whole of a Lender s
rights and obligations, the aggregate amount of the Commitments retained by the
transferor Lender is at least $5,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed by the
Administrative Agent and the Company in their reasonable discretion); and (c)
except as otherwise provided in  Section 3.04 , the parties to each such
assignment shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption Agreement to
the Administrative Agent for acceptance and recording. For the avoidance of
doubt, there is no prohibition on assignments of Loans or Commitments under one
Subfacility without a pro rata assignment of Loans or Commitments under the
other Subfacilities. Nothing herein shall limit the right of a Lender to pledge
or assign any rights under the Credit Documents to secure obligations of such
Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank;  provided ,  however , that no such
pledge or assignment shall release the Lender from its obligations hereunder nor
substitute the pledge or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  
 (c)     Upon delivery to the Administrative
Agent of an assignment notice in the form of  Exhibit   I  and a
processing fee of $3,500 (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in
its discretion or otherwise not payable due to the operation of  Section
3.04 ), the assignment shall become effective as specified in the notice, if
it complies with this  Section 12.04 . From such effective date, the
Eligible Assignee shall for all purposes be a Lender under the Credit Documents,
and shall have all rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder. Upon
consummation of an assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent
and the Company shall make appropriate arrangements for issuance of replacement
and/or new Notes, if applicable, but the Company shall have no
obligation to issue any new Notes unless and until the Note of the transferor
Lender shall have been returned to, and cancelled by, the Company or a lost note
affidavit reasonably satisfactory to the Company has been obtained. The
transferee Lender shall comply with  Section 4  and deliver, upon request,
an administrative questionnaire satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  
 -196-  

(d)     No assignment or participation may
be made to a Borrower, Affiliate of a Borrower, Defaulting Lender or natural
person. The Administrative Agent has no obligation to determine whether any
assignee is permitted under the Credit Documents. Except as otherwise set forth
in  Section 3.04 , any assignment by a Defaulting Lender shall be effective
only if there is concurrent satisfaction of all outstanding obligations of the
Defaulting Lender under the Credit Documents in a manner reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Company, including payment by the Eligible
Assignee or Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent of an aggregate amount
sufficient upon distribution (through direct payment, purchases of
participations or other methods acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to
satisfy all funding and payment liabilities of the Defaulting Lender. Except as
otherwise set forth in  Section 3.04 , if assignment by a Defaulting Lender
occurs (by operation of law or otherwise) without compliance with the foregoing
sentence, the assignee shall be deemed a Defaulting Lender for all purposes
until compliance occurs.  
 (e)     The Administrative Agent, acting as
a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers (solely for tax purposes), shall maintain
(a) a copy (or electronic equivalent) of each Assignment and Assumption
Agreement delivered to it, and (b) a register for recordation of the names,
addresses and Commitments of, and the Loans, interest and LC Obligations owing
to, each Lender. Entries in the register shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error, and Borrowers, the Administrative Agents and Lenders shall treat each
Person recorded in such register as a Lender for all purposes under the Credit
Documents, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent
may choose to show only one Borrower as the borrower in the register, without
any effect on the liability of any Credit Party with respect to the Obligations.
The register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers and, solely with
respect to its own Loans and Commitments, any Lender, from time to time upon
reasonable notice.  
 (f)     Subject to this  Section
12.04 , any Lender may sell to a financial institution (  Participant  )
a participating interest in the rights and obligations of such Lender under any
Credit Documents. Despite any sale by a Lender of participating interests to a
Participant, such Lender s obligations under the Credit Documents shall remain
unchanged, it shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for
performance of such obligations, it shall remain the holder of its Loans and
Commitments for all purposes, all amounts payable by the Borrowers shall be
determined as if it had not sold such participating interests, and the Borrowers
and the Administrative Agents shall continue to deal solely and directly with
such Lender in connection with the Credit Documents. Each Lender shall be solely
responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters under the Credit
Documents, and the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall not have any
obligation or liability to any such Participant. 
  (g)     The Credit Parties agree that
each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of  Sections 3.01 ,
 3.02  and  4.01  (subject to the requirements and limitations of such
Sections and  Section 3.04 ) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and
had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to  Section 12.04(b) ;
 provided  that a Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under  Sections   3.01 ,  3.02  or  4.01  hereof
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to
the participating interest sold to such Participant, unless (x) the sale of the
participating interest to such Participant is made with the Company s prior
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) or (y) such
entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in any
Requirement of Law occurring after the sale of the participation takes place.
 
 -197-  

(h)     Each Lender shall retain the sole
right to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, waiver
or other modification of a Credit Document other than that which requires the
consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender.  
 (i)     Each Lender that sells a
participation shall, acting as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers (solely
for Tax purposes), maintain a register in which it enters the Participant s
name, address and interest in Commitments, Loans (and stated interest) and LC
Obligations. Entries in the register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error,
and such Lender shall treat each Person recorded in the register as the owner of
the participation for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
No Lender shall have an obligation to disclose any information in such register
except to the extent necessary to establish that a Participant s interest is in
registered form under the Code and Treasury Regulations.  
 12.05.      No Waiver; Remedies
Cumulative . No failure or delay on the part of the Administrative Agents,
the Collateral Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between
the Borrowers or any other Credit Party and the Administrative Agents, the
Collateral Agent or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under
any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The
rights, powers and remedies herein or in any other Credit Document expressly
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies
which the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent or any Lender would
otherwise have. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party in any case shall
entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or
other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Administrative
Agents, the Collateral Agent or any Lender to any other or further action in any
circumstances without notice or demand.  
 12.06.      [Reserved] .  
 12.07.      GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO
JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL .  
 (a)     THIS AGREEMENT (EXCEPT FOR
 SECTION 11.15 , WHICH SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF QUEBEC) SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK.  
 (b)     EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK
COUNTRY OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, IN ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING RELATING IN ANY WAY
TO ANY CREDIT DOCUMENTS, AND AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTE, ACTION, LITIGATION OR
OTHER PROCEEDING SHALL BE BROUGHT BY IT SOLELY IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY TO
THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS, OBJECTIONS AND
DEFENSES THAT IT MAY HAVE REGARDING ANY SUCH COURT S PERSONAL OR SUBJECT MATTER
JURISDICTION, VENUE OR INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND
CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN  SECTION
12.03 . A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY PROCEEDING OF ANY SUCH COURT SHALL BE
CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR
ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENT OF LAW. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING AND FOR FURTHER CERTAINTY, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
CREDIT DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY AGENT, ANY ISSUING
BANK OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING
SOLELY TO THE CREDIT PARTY GUARANTEE AGAINST ANY CANADIAN CREDIT PARTY IN A
CANADIAN COURT.  
 -198-  

(c)     EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS
AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE
OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.  
 12.08.      Counterparts . This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different
parties hereto on separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other
electronic transmission (i.e., a  pdf  or  tif ), each of which when so executed
and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute
one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties
hereto shall be lodged with the Company and the Administrative Agent.  
 12.09.      Headings Descriptive . The
headings of the several Sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction
of any provision of this Agreement.  
 12.10.      Amendment or Waiver; etc .
 
 (a)     Except as otherwise set forth in
this Agreement or any other Credit Document, neither this Agreement nor any
other Credit Document nor any terms hereof or thereof may be changed, waived,
discharged or terminated unless such change, waiver, discharge or termination is
in writing signed by the Credit Parties party hereto or thereto and the Required
Lenders (although additional parties may be added to (and annexes may be
modified to reflect such additions), the Credit Party Guarantee, the
Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents in accordance with the
provisions hereof and thereof without the consent of the other Credit Parties
party thereto or the Required Lenders);  provided  that no such change,
waiver, discharge or termination shall (i) without the prior written consent of
each Lender (and Issuing Bank, if applicable) directly affected thereby, extend
the Maturity Date of any Revolving Commitment or increase the Revolving
Commitments of any Lender over the amount thereof then in effect, or reduce the
rate or extend the time of payment of interest or Fees thereon or reduce or
forgive the principal amount thereof or forgive the payment of such interest or
Fees (it being understood that waivers or modifications of conditions precedent,
Defaults or Events of Default shall not constitute a reduction or extension of
the time of payment of interest or Fees thereon of any Lender), (ii) release all
or substantially all of the Collateral under all the Security Documents without
the prior written consent of each Lender, (iii) release all or substantially all
of the value of the Credit Party Guarantee without the prior written consent of
each Lender or, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the Credit
Documents or release any Borrower with respect to whom any Credit Extension is
then outstanding, without the prior written consent of each Lender, (iv) reduce
the amount of, or extend the payment for, any required mandatory prepayments of
principal hereunder (it being understood that waivers or modifications of
conditions precedent, Defaults or Events of Default, Cash Dominion Periods (or
the thresholds or time periods for entering or exiting a Cash Dominion Period)
shall not constitute reduction or extension of the time of payment of such
principal) without the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby, (v) amend, modify or waive any pro rata sharing provision of  Section
2.10 , the payment waterfall provision of  Section 10.11 , or any
provision of this  Section 12.10(a)  (except for amendments with respect to
additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement which afford the
protections to such additional extensions of credit of the type provided to the
Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date and amendments to effect the
provisions of  Sections 2.15 ,  2.19  or  2.21  (including
amendments of Section 12.10(a) to add Class votes for the benefit of any
Incremental FILO Facility)), in each case, without the prior written consent of each Lender, (vi) reduce the
percentage specified in the definitions of  Required Lenders  or  Supermajority
Lenders  without the prior written consent of each Lender (it being understood
that, with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders or Supermajority
Lenders, as applicable, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this
Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required Lenders or
Supermajority Lenders, as applicable, on substantially the same basis as the
extensions of Revolving Commitments are included on the Closing Date), (vii)
reduce the percentage specified in the definition of  North American Minimum
Requirement  without the prior written consent of each Lender, (viii) consent to
the assignment or transfer by any Borrower of any of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement without the consent of each Lender or (ix) contractually
subordinate the Obligations without the consent of each Lender;  provided ,  further , that no such change, waiver, discharge or termination shall (1)
without the consent of each Agent adversely affected thereby, amend, modify or
waive any provision of  Section 11  or any other provision as same relates
to the rights or obligations of such Agent, (2) without the consent of
Collateral Agent, amend, modify or waive any provision relating to the rights or
obligations of the Collateral Agent, (3) without the consent of an Issuing Bank
or a Swingline Lender, amend, modify or waive any provision relating to the
rights or obligations of the such Issuing Bank or such Swingline Lender, (4)
without the prior written consent of the Supermajority Lenders, change the
definition of the terms  U.S. Borrowing Base,   Canadian Borrowing Base,   Dutch
Borrowing Base  or  Borrowing Base  or any component definition used therein
(including, without limitation, the definitions of  Eligible Accounts ,
 Eligible In-Transit Inventory ,  Eligible Insured and Letter of Credit Backed
Accounts ,  Eligible Inventory ,  Eligible Equipment  and  Eligible Fee-Owned
Real Estate ) if, as a result of such change, the amounts available to be
borrowed by the Borrowers would be increased or add any new classes of eligible
assets thereto;  provided  that the foregoing shall not limit the
discretion of the Administrative Agent to change, establish or eliminate any
Reserves or to add Accounts and Inventory acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to
the Borrowing Base as provided herein or (5) without the prior written consent
of each Lender, increase the percentages set forth in the terms  Canadian
Borrowing Base,   Dutch Borrowing Base  and  U.S. Borrowing Base . 
 -199-  

(b)     If, in connection with any proposed
change, waiver, discharge or termination of any of the provisions of this
Agreement as contemplated by clauses (i) through (viii), inclusive, of the first
proviso to  Section 12.10(a) , the consent of the Required Lenders is
obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is
required is not obtained, then the Company shall have the right, so long as all
non-consenting Lenders whose individual consent is required are treated as
described in either clause (A) or (B) below, to either (A) replace each such
non-consenting Lender or Lenders with one or more Replacement Lenders pursuant
to  Section 3.04  so long as at the time of such replacement, each such
Replacement Lender consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or
termination or (B) terminate such non-consenting Lender s Commitments and/or
repay the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender in accordance with
 Section 3.04 ;  provided  that, unless the Commitments that are
terminated, and Revolving Loans repaid, pursuant to the preceding clause (B) are
immediately replaced in full at such time through the addition of new Lenders or
the increase of outstanding Loans of existing Lenders (who in each case must
specifically consent thereto), then in the case of any action pursuant to the
preceding clause (B) the Required Lenders (determined after giving effect to the
proposed action) shall specifically consent thereto,  provided ,
 further , that in any event the Company shall not have the right to
replace a Lender, terminate its Commitments or repay its Revolving Loans solely
as a result of the exercise of such Lender s rights (and the withholding of any
required consent by such Lender) pursuant to the second proviso to  Section
12.10(a) .  
 (c)     Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in clause (a) of this  Section 12.10 , the Borrowers,
the Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent and each Lender providing the
relevant Revolving Commitment Increase may (i), in accordance with the
provisions of  Section 2.15 , enter into an Incremental Revolving
Commitment Agreement, and (ii) in accordance with the provisions of  Section
2.19 , enter into an Extension Amendment and, in each case, make any changes
to this Agreement (including amendments to this Section 12.10 to add Class votes
for the benefit of any Incremental FILO Facility) in order to effect the
provisions of such Sections as permitted by such Sections;  provided  that
after the execution and delivery by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agents,
the Collateral Agent and each such Lender may thereafter only be modified in
accordance with the requirements of clause (a) above of this  Section
12.10 .  
 -200-  

(d)     Without the consent of any other
Person, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties and the Administrative
Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion,
or shall, to the extent required by any Credit Document) enter into any
amendment or waiver of any Credit Document, or enter into any new agreement or
instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or
enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to
become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, or as required by
local Requirements of Law to give effect to, or protect any security interest
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in any property or so that the
security interests therein comply with applicable Requirements of Law.  
 (e)     Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, such Lender will not
be entitled to vote in respect of amendments, waivers and consents hereunder and
the Commitment and the outstanding Loans or other extensions of credit of such
Lender hereunder will not be taken into account in determining whether the
Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as required, have approved any such
amendment, waiver or consent (and the definitions of  Supermajority Lenders  and
 Required Lenders  will automatically be deemed modified accordingly for the
duration of such period);  provided  that (i) any waiver, amendment or
modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which
affects such Defaulting Lender differently than other affected Lenders shall
require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (ii) the Revolving Commitment
of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of
such Lender.  
 (f)     Further, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this  Section 12.10 , if following the Closing
Date, the Administrative Agent and any Credit Party shall have jointly
identified an any error, ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, in each
case, in any provision of the Credit Documents, then the Administrative Agent
and the Credit Parties shall be permitted to amend such provision by an
agreement in writing (including, without limitation any amendment, supplement or
waiver to this Agreement, any Security Document, any guarantee, any
intercreditor agreement or any related document executed by any Credit Party or
any other Subsidiary of the Company in connection with this Agreement or any
other Credit Document if such amendment, supplement or waiver is delivered in
order to cause this Agreement or such Security Agreement, guarantee,
intercreditor agreement or related document, as applicable, to be consistent
with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents) and such amendment shall
become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any
Credit Documents if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required
Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof.  
 (g)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A)
the consent of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, shall
not be required to make any such changes necessary to be made in connection with
any borrowing of an Incremental FILO Facility to effect the provisions of
 Section 2.15  or, the provision of any Revolving Commitment Increase or
otherwise to effect the provisions of  Section 2.15 ,  2.19 ,
 2.20  or  2.21  or to update  Schedule 1.01D  after any Fixed
Asset Reappraisal Event as described in the definitions of the terms  Canadian
Borrowing Base  and  U.S. Borrowing Base  and (B) the Company, the
Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agent and the other Credit Parties may,
without the input or consent of the other Lenders, (i) negotiate the form of any
Mortgage or other Security Document as may be necessary or appropriate in the
opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company (x) in connection with any
Additional Account Security Action or Additional Inventory Security Action, (y)
to comply with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement or (z) to
otherwise comply with this Agreement, (ii) execute, deliver and perform any new
Security Document or intercreditor agreement or amendment to any Security
Document or intercreditor agreement or enter into any amendment to the Security
Documents or intercreditor agreement as may be necessary or appropriate in the
opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company (x) in connection with any
Additional Account Security Action or Additional Inventory Security Action, (y)
to comply with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement or (z) otherwise comply
with this Agreement and (iii) terminate any Security Document not required by
the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.  
 -201-  

(h)     To the extent notice has been
provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 2.15  with
respect to any new financial maintenance covenant or any more restrictive
financial maintenance covenant, this Agreement shall be automatically and
without further action on the part of any Person hereunder and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this  Section 12.10  deemed modified to include
such financial maintenance covenant or such more restrictive financial
maintenance covenant on the date of the Incurrence of the applicable
Indebtedness to the extent required by the terms of such section.  
 12.11.      Survival . All indemnities
set forth herein including, without limitation, in  Sections 3.01 , 
3.02 ,  4.01 ,  11.07  and  12.01  shall survive the
execution, delivery and termination of this Agreement and the Notes and the
making and repayment of the Obligations.  
 12.12.      Domicile of Loans . Each
Lender may transfer and carry its Revolving Loans at, to or for the account of
any office, branch, Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent that a transfer of
Loans pursuant to this  Section 12.12  would, at the time of such transfer,
result in increased costs under  Section 3.01  or  4.01  from those
being charged by the respective Lender prior to such transfer, then the
Borrowers shall not be obligated to pay such increased costs (although the
Borrowers shall be obligated to pay any other increased costs of the type
described above resulting from changes after the date of the respective
transfer).  
 12.13.      Release of Collateral or
Guarantors .  
 (a)     The Agents, the Lenders and the
Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Collateral
Agent by the Credit Parties on any Collateral shall be automatically released
(i) in full, as set forth in clause (b) below, (ii) upon the sale, transfer or
other disposition of such Collateral (including as part of or in connection with
any other sale, transfer or other disposition permitted hereunder) to any Person
other than another Credit Party, to the extent such sale, transfer or other
disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the
Administrative Agents and Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a
certificate to that effect provided to it by any Credit Party upon its
reasonable request without further inquiry), (iii) to the extent such Collateral
is comprised of property leased to a Credit Party by a Person that is not a
Credit Party, upon termination or expiration of such lease, (iv) if the release
of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required
Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required
in accordance with  Section 12.10 ), (v) to the extent the property
constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such
Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee, (vi) as required by
Collateral Agent to effect any sale, transfer or other disposition of Collateral
in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to
the Security Documents, and (vii) upon the request of the Company, any asset or
property of any Credit Party included in the Collateral to the extent such asset
or property is not required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be
included in the Collateral, so long as upon the release of the Collateral
Agent s Lien on such asset or property, such property or asset is no longer
included in the Borrowing Base and the Company shall continue to be in
compliance with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. Any such release shall
not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being
released) upon all interests retained by the Credit Parties, including the
proceeds of any disposition, all of which shall continue to constitute part of
the Collateral except to the extent otherwise released in accordance with the
provisions of the Credit Documents. Additionally, the Agents, the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably agree that each Guarantor shall be released
from its Guarantee upon consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder
resulting in such Subsidiary ceasing to constitute a Restricted Subsidiary, or
otherwise becoming an Excluded Subsidiary. The Lenders and the Issuing Banks
hereby authorize the Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent, as
applicable, to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, and agreements
necessary or desirable to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor or
Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, all without
the further consent or joinder of any Lender or any Issuing Bank. Any
representation, warranty or covenant contained in any Credit Document relating
to any such released Collateral or Guarantor shall no longer be deemed to be
repeated.  
 -202-  

(b)     Upon the occurrence of the Payment
in Full Date, upon request of the Company, the Administrative Agents and/or the
Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall (without notice to, or vote or consent
of, any Secured Creditor) take such actions as shall be required to release its
security interest in all Collateral, and to release all obligations under, and
terminate, any Credit Document, whether or not on the date of such release and
termination there may be any (i) Secured Bank Product Obligations or (ii) any
contingent indemnification obligations or other contingent obligations not then
due and payable. Any such release and termination of Obligations shall be deemed
subject to the provision that such Obligations shall be reinstated if after such
release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed
thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the
insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the
Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a
receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the
Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise,
all as though such payment had not been made.  
 12.14.      Confidentiality .  
 (a)     Each Agent, Joint Lead Arranger,
Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of the Information and not to use or disclose such
Information, except that each Agent, Joint Lead Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent,
Documentation Agent, Lender and Issuing Bank may disclose the Information (i) to
its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates  respective officers, directors,
employees, legal counsel, independent auditors and other experts, advisors or
agents who need to know such information in connection with this Agreement and
are informed of the confidential nature of such information and who are subject
to customary confidentiality obligations of professional practice or who agree
to be bound by the terms of this  Section 12.14  (or language substantially
similar to this  Section 12.14 ) (with each such Agent, Joint Lead
Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender and Issuing Bank, to
the extent such Person is within its control, responsible for such Person s
compliance with this  Section 12.14 ), (ii) to the extent such Information
becomes publicly available other than by reason of disclosure by any Agent,
Joint Lead Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or
Issuing Bank or, in each case, its Affiliates or any of its or their respective
officers, directors, employees, legal counsel, independent auditors or other
experts, advisors or agents in violation of this  Section 12.14  or any
similar confidentiality agreement binding on such Person, (iii) pursuant to the
order of any court or administrative agency in any pending legal or
administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable law or
compulsory legal process (in which case such Agent, Joint Lead Arranger,
Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank, as
applicable, agrees (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by
bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising
examination or regulatory authority) to inform the Company promptly thereof
prior to disclosure thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law), (iv) upon the request or
demand of any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Agent, Joint
Lead Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or Issuing
Bank, as applicable, or its Affiliates (in which case, such Agent, Joint Lead
Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank, as
applicable, agrees (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by
bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising
examination or regulatory authority) to inform the Company promptly thereof
prior to disclosure thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by
applicable law), (v) to the extent such Information is received by the such
Agent, Joint Lead Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or
Issuing Bank from a third party that is not, to the knowledge of such Agent,
Joint Lead Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or
Issuing Bank (as applicable), subject to contractual or fiduciary
confidentiality obligations owing to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their
respective Affiliates or its or their respective officers, directors, employees,
legal counsel, independent auditors and other experts, advisors or agents or to
the extent such Information is developed independently by such Agent, Joint Lead
Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank
without the use of confidential information in violation of this  Section
12.14 , (vi) to (A) any assignee or Participant in, or prospective assignee
or Participant, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or (B)
any prospective or actual counterparty (or such counterparty s affiliates and
its and their respective officers, directors, employees, legal counsel,
independent auditors or other experts, advisors or agents) in any swap,
derivative or other transaction under which the payments are to be made by
reference to the Borrowers and their obligations, the Agreement or payments
hereunder;  provided  that in each case of clauses (A) and (B), the
relevant Person is advised of and agrees to be bound by the provisions of this  Section 12.14  or other provisions at least as restrictive as this  Section 12.14 , (vii) for purposes of establishing a  due diligence 
defense under applicable federal securities law or (viii) with the prior written
consent of the Company. For purposes of this  Section 12.14 ,
  Information   shall mean all information furnished by or on behalf of the
Company and its Subsidiaries relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries or any
of their businesses, other than any such information that is publicly available
to any Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, Documentation
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank prior to disclosure by or on behalf of the
Company and its Subsidiaries other than as a result of a breach of this  Section 12.14  or similar obligation of confidentiality, including,
without limitation, information delivered pursuant to  Section 8.01 .  
 -203-  

12.15.      USA Patriot Act Notice .
Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of
the USA PATRIOT Act Title III of Pub. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001
and amended on March 9, 2009) (the   Patriot Act  ) and other applicable
anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and  know
your client  policies, regulations, laws or rules and Anti-Terrorism Laws, it is
required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies the Borrowers
and each Subsidiary Guarantor, which information includes the name of each
Credit Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the
Credit Party in accordance therewith, and each Credit Party agrees to provide
such information from time to time to any Lender.  
 12.16.      Waiver of Sovereign
Immunity . Each of the Credit Parties, in respect of itself, its
Subsidiaries, its process agents and its properties and revenues, hereby
irrevocably agrees that, to the extent that the Borrowers, or any of their
respective Subsidiaries or any of their properties has or may hereafter acquire
any right of immunity, whether characterized as sovereign immunity or otherwise,
from any legal proceedings, whether in the United States or elsewhere, to
enforce or collect upon the Loans or any Credit Document or any other liability
or obligation of the Borrowers, or any of their respective Subsidiaries related
to or arising from the transactions contemplated by any of the Credit Documents,
including, without limitation, immunity from service of process, immunity from
jurisdiction or judgment of any court or tribunal, immunity from execution of a
judgment, and immunity of any of its property from attachment prior to any entry
of judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution upon a judgment, the
Borrowers, for themselves and on behalf of their respective Subsidiaries, hereby
expressly waive, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, any such
immunity, and agree not to assert any such right or claim in any such
proceeding, whether in the United States or elsewhere. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company further agrees that the waivers set
forth in this  Section 12.16  shall have the fullest extent permitted under
the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 of the United States and other
applicable Requirements of Law and are intended to be irrevocable for purposes
of such Act and such other applicable Requirements of Law.  
 -204-  

12.17.      Canadian Anti-Money
Laundering Legislation . If the Administrative Agent has ascertained the
identity of any Canadian Credit Party or any authorized signatories of any
Canadian Credit Party for the purposes of the PCMLTFA and other applicable
Anti-Terrorism Laws and  know your client  policies or Requirements of Law and
such other Anti-Terrorism Laws applicable in Canada, as well as all applicable
 know your client  policies or Requirements of Law, collectively, including any
guidelines or orders thereunder,   AML Legislation  ), then the
Administrative Agent:  
 (a)     shall be deemed to have done so as
an agent for each Lender and this Agreement shall constitute a  written
agreement  in such regard between each Lender and the Administrative Agent
within the meaning of the applicable AML Legislation; and  
 (b)     shall provide to the Lenders,
copies of all information obtained in such regard without any representation or
warranty as to its accuracy or completeness.  
 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may
otherwise be agreed in writing, each Lender agrees that the Administrative Agent
has no obligation to ascertain the identity of the Canadian Credit Parties or
any authorized signatories of the Canadian Credit Parties on behalf of any
Lender, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy of any information it obtains
from any Canadian Credit Party or any such authorized signatory in doing so.
 
 12.18.      Absence of Fiduciary
Relationship . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any
provision of any other Credit Document, (i) none of the Joint Lead Arrangers,
the Co-Syndication Agents, the Documentation Agent or any Lender shall, solely
by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, have any fiduciary,
advisory or agency relationship or duty in respect of any Lender or any other
Person and (ii) the Borrowers hereby agree not to assert any claims they may
have against any Joint Lead Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, the
Documentation Agent or any Lender for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach
of fiduciary duty in connection with such Persons serving in such capacities
under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Each Agent, Lender and
their Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the
Credit Parties, their stockholders and/or their Affiliates.  
 12.19.      Electronic Signatures .
The words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any
Credit Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based record keeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as
provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
and Records Act, or any other similar state law based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act;  provided  that notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to
accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; 
provided ,  further , that the Administrative Agent expressly agrees to
accept any facsimile or other electronic transmission (i.e.  pdf  or  tif ) of
any manually executed signature page to this Agreement, any other Credit
Document or any notice, certificate or other document delivered in connection
therewith.  
 -205-  

12.20.      Judgment Currency . If,
for purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a
sum from the currency provided under a Credit Document (  Agreement
Currency  ) into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be the
Spot Rate for conversion into Dollars or, for conversion into another currency,
the Spot Rate for the purchase of the Agreement Currency with such other
currency through the Administrative Agent s principal foreign exchange trading
office for the other currency during such office s preceding Business Day.
Notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (  Judgment Currency  ) other
than the Agreement Currency, a Credit Party shall discharge its obligation in
respect of any sum due under a Credit Document only if, on the Business Day
following receipt by the Administrative Agent of payment in the Judgment
Currency, the Administrative Agent can use the amount paid to purchase the sum
originally due in the Agreement Currency. If the purchased amount is less than
the sum originally due, such Credit Party agrees, as a separate obligation and
notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent and
Lenders against such loss. If the purchased amount is greater than the sum
originally due, the Administrative Agent shall return the excess amount to such
Credit Party (or to the Person legally entitled thereto).  
 12.21.      Dutch Credit Party
Representation . If any Dutch Credit Party is represented by an attorney in
connection with the signing and/or execution of this Agreement (including by way
of accession to this Agreement) or any other agreement, deed or document
referred to in or made pursuant to this Agreement, it is hereby expressly
acknowledged and accepted by the other parties to this Agreement that the
existence and extent of the attorney s authority and the effects of the
attorney s exercise or purported exercise of his or her authority shall be
governed by the law of the Netherlands. 
 12.22.      Acknowledgement and Consent
to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or
understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any
liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document, to
the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and
conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  
 (a)     the application of any Write-Down
and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities
arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA
Financial Institution; and  
 (b)     the effects of any Bail-In Action
on any such liability, including, if applicable:  
 (i)     a reduction in full or in part or
cancellation of any such liability;  
 (ii)     a conversion of all, or a portion
of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may
be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with
respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document;
or  
 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with
the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution
Authority.  
 Section 13      Credit Party
Guarantee .  
 13.01.      The Guarantee . In order
to induce the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and
the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit hereunder, and to
induce the other Guaranteed Creditors to enter into Secured Bank Product
Obligations in recognition of the direct benefits to be received by each Credit Party from the proceeds
of the Revolving Loans and the entering into of such Secured Bank Product
Obligations, each Credit Party hereby agrees with the Guaranteed Creditors as
follows: until the Payment in Full Date, each Credit Party hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees (other than its own Obligations) as
primary obligor and not merely as surety the full and prompt payment when due,
whether upon maturity, acceleration or otherwise, of any and all of the
Obligations to the Guaranteed Creditors. If any or all of the Obligations of any

Credit Party to the Guaranteed Creditors becomes due and payable hereunder, such
Credit Party, unconditionally and irrevocably, promises to pay such Obligations
to the Administrative Agents and/or the other Guaranteed Creditors or order, on
demand, together with any and all expenses which may be incurred by the
Administrative Agent and the other Guaranteed Creditors in collecting any of the
Obligations. This Credit Party Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not of
collection. Until the Payment in Full Date, this Credit Party Guarantee is a
continuing one and all liabilities to which it applies or may apply under the
terms hereof shall be conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance
hereon. If a claim is ever made upon any Guaranteed Creditor for repayment or
recovery of any amount or amounts received in payment or on account of any of
the Obligations and any of the aforesaid payees repays all or part of said
amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or
administrative body having jurisdiction over such payee or any of its property
or (ii) any settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such payee
with any such claimant (including any Guaranteed Party), then and in such event
the respective Credit Party agrees that any such judgment, decree, order,
settlement or compromise shall be binding upon such Credit Party,
notwithstanding any revocation of this Credit Party Guarantee or any other
instrument evidencing any liability of any Guaranteed Party, and each Credit
Party shall be and remain liable to the aforesaid payees hereunder for the
amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never
originally been received by any such payee until the Payment in Full Date.  
 -206-  

13.02.      Bankruptcy . Additionally,
each Credit Party unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the payment of any
and all of its Obligations to the Guaranteed Creditors whether or not due or
payable by any Guaranteed Party upon the occurrence of any of the events
specified in  Section 10.05 , and irrevocably and unconditionally promises
to pay such indebtedness to the Guaranteed Creditors, or order, on demand, in
the currency in which the obligation was originally denominated.  
 13.03.      Nature of Liability . The
liability of each Credit Party hereunder is primary, absolute and unconditional,
exclusive and independent of any security for or other guarantee of the
Obligations, whether executed by any other guarantor or by any other party, and
each Credit Party understands and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted under
law, that the liability of such Credit Party hereunder shall not be affected or
impaired by (a) any direction as to application of payment by any Guaranteed
Party or by any other party, or (b) any other continuing or other guarantee,
undertaking or maximum liability of a guarantor or of any other party as to the
Obligations, or (c) any payment on or in reduction of any such other guarantee
or undertaking (other than in connection with the Payment in Full Date), or (d)
any dissolution, termination or increase, decrease or change in personnel by any
Guaranteed Party, or (e) any payment made to any Guaranteed Creditor on the
Obligations which any such Guaranteed Creditor repays to any Guaranteed Party
pursuant to court order in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization, arrangement, moratorium, winding up or other debtor relief
proceeding, and each Credit Party waives any right to the deferral or
modification of its obligations hereunder by reason of any such proceeding, or
(f) any action or inaction by the Guaranteed Creditors as contemplated in
 Section 13.05 , or (g) any invalidity, irregularity or enforceability of
all or any part of the Obligations or of any security therefor, or (h) any
change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Credit Party or
any other Person liable for any of the Obligations, or (i) any bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium, winding up or
other debtor relief proceeding affecting any Credit Party, or their assets or
any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Credit Party, or (j)
the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Credit Party may
have at any time against any other Credit Party, a Guaranteed Creditor, or any
other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions, or (k) any other circumstance which
might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, a Credit
Party in respect of the Obligations or a Credit Party in respect of this Credit
Party Guarantee or the Obligations other than the occurrence of the Payment in
Full Date.  
 -207-  

13.04.      Independent Obligation .
The obligations of each Credit Party hereunder are independent of the
obligations of any other guarantor, any other party or any Guaranteed Party, and
a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against any Credit
Party (and solely with respect to a Canadian Credit Party relating to the Credit
Party Guarantee, may be brought and prosecuted in a Canadian court) whether or
not action is brought against any other guarantor, any other party or any
Guaranteed Party and whether or not any other guarantor, any other party or any
Guaranteed Party be joined in any such action or actions. Each Credit Party
waives, in its capacity as a Guarantor, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its liability hereunder or
the enforcement thereof. Any payment by any Guaranteed Party or other
circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to such
Guaranteed Party shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to the
relevant Credit Party.  
 13.05.      Authorization . To the
fullest extent permitted under all law, each Credit Party authorizes the
Guaranteed Creditors without notice or demand, and without affecting or
impairing its liability hereunder, from time to time to:  
 (a)     change the manner, place or terms
of payment of, and/or change or extend the time of payment of, renew, increase,
accelerate or alter, any of the Obligations (including any increase or decrease
in the principal amount thereof or the rate of interest or fees thereon), any
security therefor, or any liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect
thereof, and this Credit Party Guarantee shall apply to the Obligations as so
changed, extended, renewed or altered;  
 (b)     take and hold security for the
payment of the Obligations and sell, exchange, release, impair, surrender,
realize upon or otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order any property
by whomsoever at any time pledged or mortgaged to secure, or howsoever securing,
the Obligations or any liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred
directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and/or any offset there
against;  
 (c)     exercise or refrain from exercising
any rights against any Guaranteed Party, any other Credit Party or others or
otherwise act or refrain from acting;  
 (d)     release or substitute any one or
more endorsers, guarantors, any Guaranteed Party, other Credit Parties or other
obligors;  
 (e)     settle or compromise any of the
Obligations, any security therefor or any liability (including any of those
hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and may
subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any
liability (whether due or not) of any Guaranteed Party to its creditors other
than the Guaranteed Creditors;  
 (f)     apply any sums by whomsoever paid
or howsoever realized to any liability or liabilities of any Guaranteed Party to
the Guaranteed Creditors regardless of what liability or liabilities of such
Guaranteed Party remain unpaid;  
 (g)     consent to or waive any breach of,
or any act, omission or default under, this Agreement, any other Credit
Document, any Secured Bank Product Obligation or any of the instruments or
agreements referred to herein or therein, or otherwise amend, modify or
supplement this Agreement, any other Credit Document, any Secured Bank Product
Obligation or any of such other instruments or agreements; and/or  
 -208-  

(h)     take any other action which would,
under otherwise applicable principles of common law, give rise to a legal or
equitable discharge of such Credit Party from its liabilities under this Credit
Party Guarantee.  
 13.06.      Reliance . It is not
necessary for any Guaranteed Creditor to inquire into the capacity or powers of
any Guaranteed Party or the officers, directors, partners or agents acting or
purporting to act on their behalf, and any obligations made or created in
reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed
hereunder.  
 13.07.      Subordination . Any
indebtedness of any Guaranteed Party now or hereafter owing to any Credit Party
is hereby subordinated to the Obligations of such Guaranteed Party owing to the
Guaranteed Creditors; and if the Administrative Agent so requests at a time when
an Event of Default is then continuing, all such indebtedness of such Guaranteed
Party to such Credit Party shall be collected, enforced and received by such
Credit Party for the benefit of the Guaranteed Creditors and be paid over to the
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Guaranteed Creditors on account of the
Obligations of such Guaranteed Party to the Guaranteed Creditors, but without
affecting or impairing in any manner the liability of any Credit Party under the
other provisions of this Credit Party Guarantee. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Credit Party hereby agrees with the Guaranteed Creditors
that it will not exercise any right of subrogation which it may at any time
otherwise have as a result of this Credit Party Guarantee (whether contractual,
under Section 509 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise) until all Obligations
have been irrevocably paid in full in cash.  
 13.08.      Waiver .  
 (a)     Each Credit Party waives any right
(except as shall be required by applicable law and cannot be waived) to require
any Guaranteed Creditor to (i) proceed against any Guaranteed Party, any other
guarantor or any other party, or against a Canadian Credit Party relating solely
to the Credit Party Guarantee in a Canadian court, (ii) proceed against or
exhaust any security held from any Guaranteed Party, any other guarantor or any
other party or (iii) pursue any other remedy in any Guaranteed Creditor s power
whatsoever. For purposes of the law of the Province of Quebec, if applicable,
each Credit Party waives, in its capacity as a Guarantor, the benefits of
division and discussion. Each Credit Party waives any defense (except as shall
be required by applicable law and cannot be waived) based on or arising out of
any defense of any Guaranteed Party, any other guarantor or any other party,
other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment, based on or
arising out of the disability of any Guaranteed Party, any other guarantor or
any other party, or the validity, legality or unenforceability of the
Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause
of the liability of any Guaranteed Party other than payment of the Obligations
to the extent of such payment. The Guaranteed Creditors may, at their election,
foreclose on any security held by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
or any other Guaranteed Creditor by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales,
whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable (to the
extent such sale is permitted by applicable law), or exercise any other right or
remedy the Guaranteed Creditors may have against any Guaranteed Party or any
other party, or any security, without affecting or impairing in any way the
liability of any Credit Party hereunder except to the extent the Obligations
have been paid. Each Credit Party waives, to the fullest extent permitted under
law, any defense arising out of any such election by the Guaranteed Creditors,
even though such election operates to impair or extinguish any right of
reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Credit Party
against any Guaranteed Party or any other party or any security.  
 (b)     Each Credit Party waives, to the
fullest extent permitted under law, all presentments, demands for performance,
protests and notices, including, without limitation, notices of nonperformance,
notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Credit
Party Guarantee, and notices of the existence, creation or incurring of new or additional
Obligations. Each Credit Party assumes all responsibility for being and keeping
itself informed of each Guaranteed Party s financial condition and assets, and
of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the
Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks which such Credit
Party assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that neither the Administrative
Agent nor any of the other Guaranteed Creditors shall have any duty to advise
any Credit Party of information known to them regarding such circumstances or
risks.  
 -209-  

13.09.      Maximum Liability . It is
the desire and intent of each Credit Party and the Guaranteed Creditors that
this Credit Party Guarantee shall be enforced against such Credit Party to the
fullest extent permissible under all law and public policies applied in each
jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. If, however, and to the extent
that, the obligations of any Credit Party under this Credit Party Guarantee
shall be adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including,
without limitation, because of any applicable federal, state, provincial or
foreign law relating to fraudulent conveyances or transfers), then the amount of
such Credit Party s obligations under this Credit Party Guarantee shall be
deemed to be reduced and such Credit Party shall pay the maximum amount of the
Obligations which would be permissible under applicable law.  
 13.10.      Payments . All payments
made by a Credit Party pursuant to this  Section 13  will be made without
setoff, counterclaim or other defense, and shall be subject to the provisions of
 Section 2.06 .  
 13.11.      [Reserved] . 
 13.12.      Information . Each Credit
Party assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of each
applicable Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other
circumstances bearing upon the risk of non-payment of the Obligations and the
nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Credit Party assumes and incurs
under this guarantee, and agrees that no Guaranteed Creditor shall have any duty
to advise any Credit Party of information known to it regarding those
circumstances or risks.  
 13.13.      Severability . If any
provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall not
be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with
valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that
of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the
foregoing provisions of this  Section 13.13 , if and to the extent that the
enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting
Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by
the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders, as
applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the
extent not so limited.  
  13.14.      Canadian
Severability . Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein or in any
other Credit Document, if a  secured creditor  (as that term is defined under
the  Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) ) is determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction not to include a Person to whom obligations are owed on a
joint and several basis, then such Person s Obligations (and the Obligations of
each other Canadian Credit Party or Dutch Credit Party), to the extent such
Obligations are secured, shall be several obligations and not joint and several
obligations.  
 * * *  
 -210-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly
authorized officers to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first
above written.  

SUNOPTA INC.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

SUNOPTA FOODS INC.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

SUNOPTA GRAINS AND FOODS INC.

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

CITRUSOURCE, LLC   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

SUNOPTA COMPANIES INC.   

By: 
     By:  

Name:   

Title:   

SUNOPTA GLOBAL ORGANIC INGREDIENTS
      INC.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:    

 -1-  

TRADIN ORGANICS USA LLC.   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

SUNOPTA INVESTMENTS LTD.   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

SUNRISE HOLDINGS (DELAWARE), INC.   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

SUNRISE GROWERS, INC.   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

FARM CAPITAL INCORPORATED   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

PACIFIC RIDGE FARMS, LLC   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 -2-  

CO PERATIE SUNOPTA U.A.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

THE ORGANIC CORPORATION B.V.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

CROWN OF HOLLAND B.V.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

TRADIN ORGANIC AGRICULTURE B.V.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:   

TRABOCCA B.V.   

By: 

Name:   

Title:    

 -3-  

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,   
   
     as U.S. Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent,
      U.S.   
   
     Swingline Lender, U.S. Issuing Bank and a U.S.

Revolving Lender   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 -4-  

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.   
   
     (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian

Administrative Agent, Canadian Swingline Lender,

Canadian Issuing Bank and a Canadian Revolving

Lender   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 -5-  

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.   
   
     (acting through its London branch),
      as Dutch   
   
     Administrative Agent, Dutch
      Swingline Lender, Dutch   
   
     Issuing Bank and a Dutch Revolving
      Lender   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 -6-  

[ ],   
   
     as a Lender   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 -7-  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10>
 9
 exhibit10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12

SunOpta Inc.:Exhibit 10.12 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXECUTION VERSION   
  FIRST AMENDMENT    TO SECOND LIEN LOAN AGREEMENT
  
 FIRST
AMENDMENT, dated as of October 7, 2016 (this   Amendment  ), to the Second
Lien Loan Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2015 (the   Loan Agreement  ),
among SunOpta Inc., a Canadian corporation (  Holdings  ), SunOpta Foods
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Borrower  ), certain subsidiaries of
Holdings, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from
time to time party thereto (the   Lenders  ), and Bank of Montreal, as
administrative agent and collateral agent (the   Administrative
Agent  ). 
  W   I   T   N   E   S   S
  E   T   H   
 WHEREAS,
Holdings, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to
the Loan Agreement;  
 WHEREAS,
Holdings and the Borrower have requested that the Loan Agreement be amended as
set forth herein; and 
 WHEREAS,
Lenders constituting the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent are
willing to agree to this Amendment on the terms set forth herein.  
 NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 SECTION 1.  Capitalized
Terms . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 SECTION 2.  Amendments . (a)
The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as of the Amendment Effective Date to
delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the
following example:    stricken
text   ) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated
textually in the same manner as the following example:   double-underlined text 
 ) as set forth in the pages of
the Loan Agreement attached as  Exhibit A  hereto.  
 (b)
The Loan Agreement is further amended as of the Amendment Effective Date by
amending Exhibit B (Form of Exchange Notes Indenture) thereto to delete the
stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
   stricken text   ) and
to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the
following example:   double-underlined text  ) as
set forth in the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as  Exhibit B
 hereto.  
 (c)
Any prepayment by the Borrower of the Loans (other than Loans held by the
Committed Lenders), pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Loan Agreement, that is made
following the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), but prior to the
exchange of all Loans for Senior Notes pursuant to Section 2.14 of the Loan
Agreement, shall be subject to a prepayment premium equal to the redemption
premium then applicable to a redemption of Senior Notes under the Senior
Refinancing Indenture (without regard to whether any Senior Notes are
outstanding or the Senior Refinancing Indenture has been entered into).  
 (d)
The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Senior
Notes to be rated with Moody s and S P by November 30, 2016.  

SECTION 3.  Conditions to
Effectiveness of Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective on the
date on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied or waived
(the   Amendment Effective Date  ):  
 (a)      The
Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment,
executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each of (A) Holdings, (B)
the Borrower, (C) (i) Lenders constituting the Required Lenders or (ii) in the
case of the amendments to Sections 5.1 and 5.2(c) of the Loan Agreement set
forth in Exhibit A hereto, each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby,
and (D) the Administrative Agent.  
 (b)      The
Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be
paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented to the Borrower on
or before the Amendment Effective Date.  
 (c)      The
Borrower shall issue PIPE Securities (as defined in  Exhibit A  hereto) on
such date; provided that this Amendment shall be deemed to have become effective
immediately prior to the issuance of any PIPE Securities.  
 SECTION 4.  Representations and
Warranties . Each of the Borrower and Holdings hereby represents and warrants
that (a) each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 8 of
the Loan Agreement are, after giving effect to this Amendment, true and correct
in all material respects (and in all respects if qualified by materiality) as if
made on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (or to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to a specific earlier date, as
of such earlier date);  provided , that each reference to the Loan
Agreement therein shall be deemed to be a reference to the Loan Agreement after
giving effect to this Amendment and (b) after giving effect to this Amendment,
no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  
 SECTION 5.  Effects on Loan
Documents . (a) Except as specifically amended herein, all Loan Documents
shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects
ratified and confirmed. 
 (b)      The
execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a
waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent
under any of the Loan Documents nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the
Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 6.  Expenses . The
Borrower agrees to pay and reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
preparation and delivery of this Amendment and any other documents prepared in
connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of legal counsel.  
 SECTION 7.  GOVERNING LAW;
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
AGREES AS SET FORTH FURTHER IN SECTION 13.15 OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT AS IF SUCH
SECTION WERE SET FORTH IN FULL HEREIN.  
 SECTION 8.  Amendments;
Execution in Counterparts . (a) This Amendment shall not constitute an
amendment of any other provision of the Loan Agreement not referred to herein
and shall not be construed as a waiver or consent to any further or future
action on the part of the Loan Parties that would require a waiver or consent of the Lenders or the
Administrative Agent. Except as expressly amended hereby, the provisions of the
Loan Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect. 

(b)      This
Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except
pursuant to a writing signed by the Borrower, Holdings, the Administrative Agent
and the Required Lenders. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the
parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of
said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email or
facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the
parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 [ Remainder of page intentionally left blank ]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their
respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first
above written.  

SUNOPTA INC.   

By:   
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer   

SUNOPTA FOODS INC.   

By:   
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President   

CITRUSOURCE, LLC   

SUNRISE HOLDINGS (DELAWARE), INC   

SUNRISE GROWERS, INC.   

FARM CAPITAL INCORPORATED   

SUNOPTA GRAINS AND FOODS INC.   

SUNOPTA COMPANIES INC.   

SUNOPTA GLOBAL ORGANIC INGREDIENTS INC.   

PACIFIC RIDGE FARMS, LLC   

SUNOPTA INVESTMENTS LTD.   

By:   
     /s/
      Robert McKeracher   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

BANK OF MONTREAL, as Administrative Agent and a
      Lender   

By:   
     /s/
      Philip Langheim   

Name: Philip Langheim   

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A.   
   
     (F/K/A CO PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-   
   
     BOERENLEENBANK B.A ,  RABOBANK   
   
     NEDERLAND ), NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender   

By:  
     /s/
      Jan Hendrik de Graaff   

Name: Jan Hendrik de Graaff   

Title: Managing Director   

By:  
     /s/
      Eric J. Rogowski   

Name: Eric J. Rogowski   

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

INDABA CAPITAL FUND, L.P.   

By: Indaba Partners, LLC, its general partner     

By:   
     /s/
      Derek Schrier   

Name: Derek Schrier   

Title: Senior Managing Member, Managing   

Partner and Chief Investment Officer

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

PACIFIC COAST INVESTMENT FUND LLC   
   
     ROYAL MAIL PENSION PLAN   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF IV LLC   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF VIII LTD.   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF X LP   
   
     ASSOCIATED BRITISH FOODS PENSION SCHEME   
   
     BEACH POINT MULTI-ASSET CREDIT FUND LTD.   
   
     BEACH POINT MULTI-STRATEGY CREDIT MASTER FUND, L.P.   
   
     BPC OPPORTUNITIES HOLDINGS LTD.   
   
     BEACH POINT ORANGE SCF LP   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF 0166 LP   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF I LP   
   
     BEACH POINT SCF MULTI-PORT LP   
   
     BEACH POINT SELECT FUND LP   
   
     BEACH POINT STRATEGIC MASTER FUND, L.P.   
   
     BEACH POINT TOTAL RETURN MASTER FUND, L.P.   
   
     BPC OPPORTUNITIES FUND II LP   
   
     MERCER QIF FUND PLC   MERCER INVESTMENT FUND 1   
   
     LLOYDS BANK PENSION SCHEME NO. 1   
   
     LLOYDS BANK PENSION SCHEME NO. 2   

By: Beach Point Capital Management LP,   
   
     Not in its individual capacity, but solely on behalf of the

Funds and Accounts listed above

By:   
     /s/
      Allan Schweitzer   

Name: Allan
      Schweitzer   

Title:
      Executive Managing Director    

 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

BAYSIDE PARTNERS LLC  

BLACKSTONE CSP-LP SR FUND  

DNSMORE LLC  

GENDOS LLC  

GENTRACE LLC  

GENUNO LLC  

NPI LLC  

SILVER ROCK OPPORTUNISTIC CREDIT FUND LP  

WELLWATER LLC  

By: SILVER ROCK FINANCIAL LP, as Investment     

Manager  

By:   
     /s/
      Michael W. Skarda   

Name: Michael
      W. Skarda   

Title:
      General Counsel    

 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Second Lien Loan
Agreement]  

Exhibit A  
 [See Attached.] 

Execution Version
         CONFORMED COPY
REFLECTING                FIRST AMENDMENT, DATED AS OF OCTOBER 7, 2016      

$330,000,000  
 SECOND LIEN LOAN AGREEMENT  
 Dated as of October 9, 2015  
 among  
 SUNOPTA INC.,  as Holdings  
 SUNOPTA FOODS INC.,  as the Borrower,  
 CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF SUNOPTA INC.,  as Subsidiary
Guarantors and Loan Parties,  
 The Several Lenders  from Time to Time Parties Hereto,
 
 BANK OF MONTREAL,  as Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent,  
 BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. and  CO PERATIEVE CENTRALE
RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.,  RABOBANK NEDERLAND , NEW YORK BRANCH,  as
Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners  

TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 
 -i-  

-ii-  

-iii-  

SCHEDULES   

Schedule 1.1(a)  
     Commitments   
   
     Schedule 1.1(b)  
     Debt Repayment   
   
     Schedule 13.2  
     Notice Addresses   

EXHIBITS   

Exhibit A  
     Form of Supplemental Guarantee

Exhibit B  
     Form of Exchange Notes Indenture   
   
     Exhibit C  
     [Reserved]   
   
     Exhibit D  
     Form of Exchange Notice for Senior Interim
      Loans   
   
     Exhibit E-1  
     Form of Legal Opinion of
      Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   
   
     Exhibit E-2  
     Form of Legal Opinion of Wildeboer Dellelce LLP

Exhibit E-3  
     Form of Legal Opinion of Stoel
      Rives LLP   
   
     Exhibit E-4  
     Form of Legal Opinion of the General Counsel of
      the Borrower   
   
     Exhibit F-1  
     Form of Credit Party Omnibus
      Closing Certificate   Secretary s Certificate   
   
     Exhibit F-2  
     Form of Credit Party Omnibus Closing
      Certificate   Officer s Certificate   
   
     Exhibit G  
     Form of Assignment and
      Acceptance   
   
     Exhibit H  
     Form of Promissory Note   
   
     Exhibit I  
     Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit J  
     Form of Non-Bank Tax Certificate   

ANNEXES   

ANNEX I  
     Agreed Security Principles    
 -iv-  

SECOND
LIEN LOAN AGREEMENT dated as of October 9, 2015, among SUNOPTA FOODS INC., a
Delaware corporation (the   Borrower  ), SUNOPTA INC., a Canadian
corporation and direct parent company of the Borrower (  Holdings  ),
CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF HOLDINGS, the lending institutions from time to time
parties hereto (each a   Lender   and, collectively, the   Lenders  )
and BANK OF MONTREAL, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (such terms
and each other capitalized term used but not defined in this preamble having the
meaning provided in  Section 1  hereto).  
 WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2015 (together
with all exhibits and schedules thereto, the   Purchase and Sale
Agreement  ), among Holdings, the Borrower, Shine Seller Rep, LLC and the
Sellers named (and as defined) therein (collectively, the   Seller  ),
Holdings will, directly or indirectly, acquire from the Seller all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc.
(the   Acquisition    
 WHEREAS,
in connection with the foregoing, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders
extend credit in the form of Senior Interim Loans to the Borrower on the Closing
Date, in Dollars, in an aggregate principal amount of $330,000,000;  
 WHEREAS,
the net proceeds of the Senior Interim Loans and other funds as described in the
definition of the term  Transactions  will be used on the Closing Date to
consummate the Acquisition, to effect the Debt Repayments and to pay Transaction
Expenses; and  
 WHEREAS,
the Borrower intends to issue under one or more senior indentures among the
Borrower, the guarantors thereunder and a trustee (collectively, the   Senior
Take-out Notes Indenture  ), $330,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of
senior notes due 2022 (the   Senior Take-out Notes  ) pursuant to Rule 144A
and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Senior
Take-out Notes Offering  ).  
  WHEREAS ,
the Guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower
hereunder.  
 NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:  
 SECTION
1.       Definitions   
 1.1.       Defined
Terms .  
 (a)      
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this
 Section 1.1  unless the context otherwise requires (it being understood
that defined terms in this Agreement shall include in the singular number the
plural and in the plural the singular):   
   ABL Collateral Agent   shall mean
Bank of Montreal, in its capacity as  Agent  under the North American ABL
Facility and any successor thereto in such capacity. 
   ABL
Debt   shall mean the principal amount of: 
 (1)      Indebtedness
of the Borrower and any Guarantor outstanding under the North American ABL
Facility on the date of this Agreement or incurred from time to time after the
date of this Agreement under the North American ABL Facility; and 

(2)      additional
Indebtedness (including letters of credit and reimbursement obligations with
respect thereto) of the Borrower or any Guarantor which is or would have been
secured equally and ratably with the Indebtedness described in clause (1) by
senior Liens on Collateral that were permitted to be incurred and secured under
each applicable ABL Debt Document and Parity Lien Document;  provided , in
the case of any additional Indebtedness referred to in this clause (2), that:
 
 (A)      on
or before the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred by the
Borrower or such Guarantor, as applicable, such additional Indebtedness is
designated by the Borrower, in an Officer s Certificate delivered to the
Collateral Agent, as  ABL Debt  for purposes of this Agreement and the
Collateral Documents;  provided , that such Indebtedness may not be
designated as both ABL Debt and Additional Parity Debt; and  
 (B)      the
collateral agent or other representative with respect to such Indebtedness, the
ABL Collateral Agent and each other First Lien Collateral Agent (as defined in
the Intercreditor Agreement), the Collateral Agent and each other Second Lien
Collateral Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), the Borrower and
each applicable Guarantor have duly executed and delivered the Intercreditor
Agreement (or a joinder to the Intercreditor Agreement in a form reasonably
acceptable to each of the parties thereto). For the avoidance of doubt,
Permitted Bank Product Obligations and capitalized interest, fees, costs and
other charges will not be treated as  ABL Debt.     
   ABL
Debt Documents   shall mean the North American ABL Facility, any additional
credit agreement or indenture related thereto or to any other ABL Debt
Obligations and all other loan documents, security documents, notes, guarantees,
instruments and agreements governing or evidencing, or executed or delivered in
connection with, the North American ABL Facility or any other ABL Debt
Obligations, as such agreements or instruments may be amended or supplemented
from time to time. 
   ABL
Debt Obligations   shall mean (i) ABL Debt incurred or arising under the ABL
Debt Documents and (ii) Permitted Bank Product Obligations that are secured, or
intended to be secured, under the ABL Debt Documents if the provider of such
Permitted Bank Product Obligations has agreed to be bound by the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement or such provider s interest in the Collateral is subject
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
   ABL
Facilities   shall mean the North American ABL Facility and the European ABL
Facility. 
   ABR  
shall mean for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a)
the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus   of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in
effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the
Administrative Agent as its  prime rate , (c) the LIBOR Rate for a one-month
Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1.0% and (d) 2.00%;  provided 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating the LIBOR Rate
pursuant to  clause (c)  above, the LIBOR Rate for any day shall be based
on the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent at approximately
11:00 a.m. (London time) on such day by reference to the rate appearing on the
Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or any successor page or any successor service, or
any substitute page or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations
comparable to the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, as determined by the
Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of
interest rates applicable to dollar deposits in the London interbank market) for
a period equal to one-month. The  prime rate  is a rate set by the
Administrative Agent based upon various factors, including the Administrative
Agent s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors,
and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced
rate. Any change in the ABR due to a change in such rate announced by the
Administrative Agent, in the Federal Funds Effective Rate or in the one-month
LIBOR Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in
the public announcement of such change.  
 -2-  

ABR
  Loan   shall mean each Senior Interim Loan bearing interest based on the ABR.
 
   Acceptable
Commitment   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.8(b)  hereof.
 
   Acquired
Indebtedness   shall mean, with respect to any specified Person,  
 (1)      Indebtedness
of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged or
consolidated with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified
Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation
of, such other Person merging or consolidating with or into or becoming a
Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, and  
 (2)      Indebtedness
secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person.  
   Acquisition  
shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement.  
   Additional
Parity Debt   shall mean any additional Secured Indebtedness that ranks
 pari passu  with the Loans and is permitted to be incurred pursuant to
 Section 9.7 ;  provided    that (i) the representative of such
Additional Parity Debt executes a joinder agreement to the Intercreditor
Agreement and, if applicable, to the other Collateral Documents, in each case in
the form attached thereto, agreeing to be bound thereby, and delivers the
joinder to the Intercreditor Agreement to the ABL Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Agent and (ii) Holdings has designated such Indebtedness as
 Additional Parity Debt  thereunder in writing to the ABL Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Agent.  
   Additional
Parity Debt Documents   shall mean any credit agreement or indenture related
to any Additional Parity Debt and all other loan documents, security documents,
notes, guarantees, instruments and agreements governing or evidencing, or
executed or delivered in connection with, any Additional Parity Debt. 
   Administrative Agent  
shall mean Bank of Montreal, as the administrative agent for the Lenders under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent appointed in accordance with the provisions of  Section 12.9 .  
   Administrative
Agent s Office   shall mean the Administrative Agent s address and, as
appropriate, account as set forth on  Schedule 13.2 , or such other address
or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify in writing
to the Borrower and the Lenders.  
   Administrative
Questionnaire   shall have the meaning provided in  Section
13.6(b)(ii)(D)  hereof.  
   Affiliate  
of any specified Person shall mean any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
such specified Person. For purposes of this definition,  control  (including,
with correlative meanings, the terms  controlling,   controlled by  and  under
common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.  
 -3-  

Agreed
Security Principles   shall mean the principles set forth in Annex I hereto.
  Affiliate Transaction   shall have the meaning provided in  Section
9.9(a)  hereof.  
   Agent
Parties   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.18(d) .  
   Agents  
shall mean the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and each Joint Lead
Arranger and Joint Bookrunner.  
   Agreement  
shall mean this Second Lien Loan Agreement, as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.  
   Applicable
ABR Margin   shall mean at any date, with respect to each ABR Loan, 5.00% per
annum. If the Senior Interim Loans are not paid within the three-month period
following the Closing Date, the Applicable ABR Margin will increase by 0.50% per
annum at the end of such three-month period and shall increase by an additional
0.50% per annum at the end of each three-month period thereafter until the
Interim Loan Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable ABR
Margin shall be capped such that the applicable interest rate shall not exceed
the Senior Fixed Rate. 
   Applicable
LIBOR Margin   shall mean at any date, with respect to each LIBOR Loan, 6.0%
 per annum . If the Loans are not paid within the three-month period
following the Closing Date, the Applicable LIBOR Margin will increase by 0.50%
 per annum  at the end of such three-month period and shall increase by an
additional 0.50%  per annum  at the end of each three-month period
thereafter until the Interim Loan Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Applicable LIBOR Margin shall be capped such that the applicable
interest rate shall not exceed the Senior Fixed Rate.  
   Approved
Fund   shall mean any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that
administers or manages a Lender.  
   Asset
Sale   shall mean  
 (1)      the
sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction
or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back
Transaction), of property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries (each referred to in this definition as a  disposition  or  
 (2)      the
issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than
Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with  Section
9.7     or the issuance   of the PIPE Securities ) , whether in a
single transaction or a series of related transactions;  
 in each
case, other than:  
 (a)      any
disposition of Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or surplus,
damaged, obsolete or worn-out assets in the ordinary course of business
(including the abandonment or other disposition of intellectual property that
is, in the reasonable judgment of Holdings, no longer economically practicable
or commercially reasonable to maintain or useful in any material respect, taken
as a whole, in the conduct of the business of Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries taken as a whole) or any disposition of inventory, services,
accounts receivable, notes receivable or goods (or other assets) in the ordinary
course of business or any disposition of Collateral or the discount or forgiveness of accounts
receivable or the conversion of accounts receivable to notes receivable in the
ordinary course of business in connection with the collection or compromise
thereof;  
 -4-  

(b)      the
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings in a manner
permitted pursuant to  Section 9.14  or any disposition that constitutes a
Change of Control pursuant to this Agreement;  
 (c)      the
  making of any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, and is made,
  under the covenant described under  Section 9.5  including the making of
any Permitted Investment;  
 (d)      any
disposition of assets or issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted
Subsidiary in any transaction or series of related transactions with an
aggregate fair market value of less than $10.0 million;  
 (e)      any
disposition of property or assets (including by way of liquidation or
dissolution) or issuance or sale of securities by a Restricted Subsidiary of
Holdings to Holdings or by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings to
another Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings;  
 (f)      to
the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code or comparable law or
regulation, any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon) for use
in a Similar Business;  
 (g)      any
issuance or sale of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of,
an Unrestricted Subsidiary;  
 (h)      foreclosures,
condemnation, casualty, expropriation, forced disposition or any similar action
with respect to assets or the granting of Liens not prohibited by this
Agreement;  
 (i)      any
financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by Holdings or
any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, including Sale and LeaseBack
Transactions and asset securitizations permitted by this Agreement;  
 (j)      the
sale, transfer or other disposition or unwinding of any Hedging Obligations;
 
 (k)     
the abandonment of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of
business, which in the reasonable good faith determination of Holdings are not
material to the conduct of the business of Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries taken as a whole;  
 (l)      the
issuance by a Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock
that is permitted by  Section 9.7 ;  
 (m)      the
granting of any option or other right to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire
delinquent accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business; 
 -5-  

(n)        any
exchange of assets for assets (including a combination of assets and Cash
Equivalents (which Cash Equivalents shall not constitute in excess of 25% of the
aggregate consideration in any exchange of assets pursuant to this clause)) for
use in a Similar Business of comparable or greater market value or usefulness to
the business of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole, as
determined in good faith by Holdings;  
 (o)     
the lease, assignment, sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real or personal
property in the ordinary course of business;  
 (p)      any
surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release, recovery on or
surrender of contract, tort or other claims in the ordinary course of business;
 
 (q)      the
licensing and sub-licensing of intellectual property or other general
intangibles in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;
 
 (r)      the
granting of Liens not prohibited by  Section 9.10 ;    
 (s)      sales,
transfers and other dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent
required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements between the
joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar
binding arrangements;  
 (t)     
the issuance of directors  qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign
nationals as required by applicable law;  
 (u)      transfers
of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the Net Proceeds of such
Casualty Event;  provided  that any Cash Equivalents received by Holdings
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Casualty Event shall be
deemed to be Net Proceeds of an Asset Sale, and such Net Proceeds shall be
applied in accordance with Section 9.8 hereof; and  
 (v)      the
Opta Minerals Disposition.  
   Asset
Sale Offer   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.8(c)  hereof.
 
   Assignment
and Acceptance   shall mean an assignment and acceptance substantially in the
form of  Exhibit G  hereto, or such other form as may be approved by the
Administrative Agent.  
   Auction
Agent   shall mean (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial
institution or advisor employed by Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the
Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Discounted
Loan Prepayment pursuant to  Section 5.1(b)(ii) ;  provided  that the
Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent
without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood
that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as
the Auction Agent).  
    Bank
Products   shall mean any facilities or services related to cash management,
including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, purchase card,
electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements and commercial
credit card and merchant card services. 
   Bankruptcy
Code   shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. 
 -6-  

Bankruptcy
Law   shall mean the Bankruptcy Code, the  Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Act  (Canada), the  Companies  Creditors Arrangement Act  (Canada), the
 Winding-up and Restructuring Act  (Canada) and any similar federal, state,
provincial or foreign law for the relief of debtors including any corporate
statute that provides for same.  
   benefited
Lender   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.8(a)  hereof.
 
    board
of directors   shall mean (i) with respect to a corporation, the board of
directors of the corporation; (ii) with respect to a partnership, the board of
directors or other like governing body, as applicable, of the partnership or of
the general partner of the partnership; (iii) with respect to a limited
liability company, the board of managers or other like governing body or the
board of managers of such Person s direct or indirect parent so long as such
Person remains a limited liability company managed by a sole member; and (iv)
with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving
a similar function. 
   Board
of Governors   shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System of the United States (or any successor).  
   Borrower  
shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement.  
   Borrower
Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment   shall mean the offer by Borrower to
make a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a specified discount to par pursuant to
 Section 5.1(b)(ii) .  
   Borrowing  
shall mean and include the incurrence of the Loans on the Closing Date (or
resulting from conversions on a given date after the Closing Date) having the
same Interest Period.  
   Borrowing
Base   shall mean, as of any date, an amount equal to: (1) 85% of the face
amount of all accounts receivable owned by Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter preceding such
date; plus (2) 70% of the book value of all inventory owned by Holdings and the
Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter
preceding such date (it being understood that the accounts receivable and
inventory of an acquired or to be acquired business may be included if such
acquisition has been completed or is to be completed substantially concurrently
with the date of determination), plus $50.0 million of fixed assets owned by
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
   Business
Day   shall mean each day which is not a Legal Holiday. 
   Calculation
Date   shall mean the date on which the event for which the calculation of
the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, as
applicable, shall occur.  
   Canadian
Blocked Person  : any Person that is a  designated person ,  politically
exposed foreign person  or  terrorist group  as described in any Canadian
Economic Sanctions.  
   Canadian
CFC    shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) any Restricted Subsidiary
of such Person that is organized or existing under the laws of Canada or any
province or territory thereof and is a CFC and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof
or (ii) a Restricted Subsidiary that does not meet the requirements of clause
(i) but has no material assets other than the Equity Interests of one or more
Restricted Subsidiaries that do meet the requirements of clause (i) of this
definition or clause (i) of the definition of Foreign Subsidiary.  
 -7-  

Canadian
Defined Benefit Plan   means a Canadian Pension Plan, which contains a
 defined benefit provision,  as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax
Act (Canada). 
   Canadian
Economic Sanctions   means the  Special Economic Measures Act  (Canada),
the  United Nations Act,  (Canada) and Part II.1 of the  Criminal
Code , (Canada), and any related regulations. 
   Canadian
Employee Benefits Legislation   means the  Pension Benefits Act
( Ontario) and any Canadian federal, provincial or local counterparts or
equivalents, in each case, as applicable, and as amended from time to time.  
 
  Canadian Pension Plan   means, in respect of any Person, all plans or
arrangements which are considered to be pension plans for the purposes of any
applicable pension benefits standards statute or regulation in Canada
established, maintained or contributed to by such Person for its employees or
former employees. 
   Canadian
Pension Event   means (i) the institution of any steps by any Loan Party or
any applicable regulatory authority to terminate a Canadian Pension Plan (wholly
or in part) if, as a result of such termination, any Loan Party may be required
to make an additional contribution to such Canadian Pension Plan, or to incur an
additional liability or obligation to such Canadian Pension Plan, equal to or in
excess of $1,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in another currency, (ii) failure
of Holdings or any Subsidiary to (a) make all payments with respect to Canadian
Pension Plans when due, except where failure to do so could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (b) operate each Canadian
Pension Plan in such a manner that will not incur material liability under the
 Income Tax Act  (Canada) and applicable Canadian Employee Benefits
Legislation, except where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if any Loan Party maintains,
sponsors, administers, contributes to, participates in or assumes or incurs any
liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan or amalgamates with
any Person if such Person sponsors, administers, contributes to, participates in
or has any liability in respect of, any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan. 
   Capital
Stock   shall mean:  
 (1)      in
the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 
 (2)      in
the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests,
participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate
stock;  
 (3)      in
the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or
membership interests (whether general or limited); and  
 (4)     
any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to
receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the
issuing Person but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities
convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any
right of participation with Capital Stock.  
   Capitalized
Lease Obligations   shall mean, at the time any determination thereof is to
be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at
such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a
balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with
GAAP;  provided ,  however , that any obligations relating to a lease
that was accounted for by Holdings as an operating lease as of the Closing Date
and any similar lease entered into after the Closing Date shall be accounted for as an operating lease and
not a Capitalized Lease Obligation for all purposes under this Agreement.  
 -8-  

Cash
Equivalents   shall mean: 
 (1)      (a)
United States dollars, Canadian dollars, pounds sterling, yen, euros or any
national currency of any participating member state of the European Union or (b)
such local currencies held by a Foreign Subsidiary from time to time in the
ordinary course of business;  
 (2)
securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or
insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof the
securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit
obligation of such government with maturities of 24 months or less from the date
of acquisition;  
 (3)      certificates
of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of 24
months or less from the date of acquisition, demand deposits, bankers 
acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits,
in each case with any domestic or foreign commercial bank having capital and
surplus of not less than $250.0 million in the case of U.S. banks and $100.0
million (or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the
case of non-U.S. banks;  
 (4)      repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (2), (3)
and (7) entered into with any financial institution or recognized securities
dealer meeting the qualifications specified in clause (3) above;  
 (5)      commercial
paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at least P-2 by Moody s or at least
A-2 by S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating
such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and in each
case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof and
Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of  A  or higher
from S P or  A-2  or higher from Moody s with maturities of 24 months or
less from the date of acquisition;  
 (6)      marketable
short-term money market and similar funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2
from either Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody s
nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another
Rating Agency);  
 (7)      readily
marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of
the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof
having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any
time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent
rating from another Rating Agency) with maturities of 24 months or less from the
date of acquisition;  
 (8)      readily
marketable direct obligations issued by any foreign government or any political
subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case having an Investment
Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s
nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another
Rating Agency) with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of
acquisition;  
 (9)      Investments
with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in
money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P
or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if
at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an
equivalent rating from another Rating Agency);  
 -9-  

(10)      securities
with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition backed by
standby letters of credit issued by any financial institution or recognized
securities dealer meeting the qualifications specified in  clause (3) 
above; and  
 (11)     
investment funds investing at least 90% of their assets in securities of the
types described in  clauses (1)  through  (10)  above. 
 In
the case of Investments made by a Foreign Subsidiary (or temporarily held by
Holdings or its Restricted Subsidiaries as part of their cash management
arrangements with a Foreign Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practice) in a country outside the United States of
America, Cash Equivalents shall also include (a) investments of the type and
maturity described  in clauses (1)  through  (7)  and  clauses
(9) ,  (10)  and  (11 ) above of foreign obligors, which
Investments or obligors (or the parents of such obligors) have ratings described
in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies
and (b) other short-term investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries that are
Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash
management in investments analogous to the foregoing investments in  clauses
(1)  through  (11)  and in this paragraph. 
 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies
other than those set forth in  clauses (1)  and  (2)  above, provided
that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in  clauses (1) 
and  (2)  as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business
Days following the receipt of such amounts. 
 For
the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under this
definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for all purposes under this
Agreement regardless of the treatment of such items under GAAP.  
   Casualty
Event   shall mean any event that gives rise to the receipt by Holdings or
any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in
respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any
improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real
property. 
   CFC  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) any Subsidiary that is a controlled
foreign corporation within the meaning of section 957 of the Code, or (ii) any
Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute equity interests
in one or more Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations within the
meaning of section 957 of the Code. 
    Change
in Law   shall mean (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, order, policy, rule
or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law,
treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or
application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this
Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender with any guideline, request, directive
or order issued or made after the date hereof by any central bank or other
governmental or quasi-governmental authority (whether or not having the force of
law);  provided  that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Basel Committee
on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar
authority) and all guidelines, requests, directives, orders, rules and
regulations adopted, enacted or promulgated in connection therewith shall be
deemed to have gone into effect after the Closing Date regardless of the date
adopted, enacted or promulgated and shall be included as a Change in Law only to
the extent a Lender is imposing applicable increased costs or costs in connection with capital adequacy
requirements similar to those described in clauses (a)(ii) and (c) of  Section
2.10  generally on other borrowers of loans under similar credit facilities.  
 -10-  

Change
of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the
Closing Date (and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Transactions):  
 (1)     
the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series
of related transactions (other than by merger, consolidation or amalgamation),
of all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, to any Person other than a Guarantor;  
 (2)      Holdings
becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the
acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any
group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), in a single
transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger,
amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or purchase of
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act,
or any successor provision) of more than 50% of the total voting power of the
Voting Stock of Holdings; or  
 (3)         the Borrower      Holdings   ceasing to    be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
Holdings      hold 100% of the total
voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower.    
 Notwithstanding
the preceding, a conversion of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
from a limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other form
of entity to a limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company or
other form of entity or an exchange of all of the outstanding Equity Interests
in one form of entity for Equity Interests for another form of entity shall not
constitute a Change of Control, so long as following such conversion or exchange
the  persons  (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) who
beneficially owned the Capital Stock of Holdings immediately prior to such
transactions continue to beneficially own in the aggregate more than 50% of the
Voting Stock of such entity and no  person,  beneficially owns more than 50% of
the Voting Stock of such entity. 
   Change
of Control Offer   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.12(a)
 hereof.   Change of Control Prepayment   shall have the meaning
provided in  Section 9.12(a)  hereof.  
   Change
of Control Prepayment Date   shall have the meaning provided in  Section
9.12(a)(2)  hereof.  
   Closing
Date   shall mean the date of the initial Borrowings hereunder.  
   Code  
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  
   Collateral  
shall mean all of the collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, from
time to time described in the Collateral Documents as collateral security for
the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, subject to the Agreed
Security Principles. 
 -11-  

Collateral
Agent   shall mean Bank of Montreal, as the collateral agent for the Lenders
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any successor
administrative agent   
   Collateral Documents   shall mean, collectively,
security agreements (including the Security Agreements), the Perfection
Certificate, the pledge agreements, mortgages, collateral assignments, deeds of
trust and all other pledges, agreements, financing statements, patent, trademark
or copyright filings or other filings or documents that create or purport to
create a Lien in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent (for the
benefit of the Lenders and the holders of any Permitted Additional Parity Debt)
and the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case as they may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and any instruments of
assignment, control agreements, lockbox letters or other instruments or
agreements executed pursuant to the foregoing. 
   Commitment
Letter   shall mean the Commitment Letter, dated as of July 30, 2015, among
Borrower, Holdings, Bank of Montreal and BMO Capital Markets.  
   Committed
Lenders   shall mean Bank of Montreal and Co peratieve Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.,  Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch.  
   Communications  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.18(a) .  
   Confidential
Information   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.16  hereof.
 
   Company
Representations   shall mean such of the representations and warranties made
by or with respect to the Target and its Subsidiaries and their respective
businesses in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, but only to the extent that
Holdings has (or its applicable Affiliate has) the right to terminate Holdings 
or such Affiliate s obligations under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or decline
to consummate the Acquisition as a result of a breach of such representations
and warranties in the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  
   Consolidated
Depreciation and Amortization Expense   shall mean with respect to any Person
for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense of
such Person, including the amortization of intangible assets, deferred financing
costs and fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses of such
Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis
and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP.  
   Consolidated
Interest Expense   shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period,
without duplication, the sum of:  
 (1)      consolidated
interest expense in respect of Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted
Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent such expense was deducted (and not
added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income (including (a) amortization of
original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than
par, (b) all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect
to letters of credit or bankers acceptances, (c) non-cash interest charges (but
excluding any non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark
to market valuation of Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments
pursuant to GAAP), (d) the interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations,
(e) net payments, if any, made (less net payments, if any, received), pursuant
to interest rate Hedging Obligations with respect to Indebtedness, and excluding
(v) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection
with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase
accounting in connection with the Transactions or any other acquisition, (w)
penalties and interest relating to taxes, (x) any  additional interest  or
 liquidated damages  with respect to other securities for failure to timely
comply with registration rights obligations, (y) amortization of deferred
financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and
discounted liabilities and (z) any accretion of accrued interest on discounted
liabilities); plus  
 -12-  

(2)      consolidated
capitalized interest of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such
period, whether paid or accrued; less  
 (3)      interest
income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period. 
 For
purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be
deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be
the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance
with GAAP.  
   Consolidated
Net Income   shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the
aggregate of the Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for
such period, on a consolidated basis, and otherwise determined in accordance
with GAAP; provided that, without duplication,  
 (1)        any
net after-tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains, losses or
charges (including all fees and expenses relating thereto and including relating
to any multi-year strategic initiatives), including, without limitation,
expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions, any expenses relating to
severance, relocation costs, integration costs, transition costs, preopening,
opening, consolidation and closing costs for facilities, one-time compensation
costs, signing, retention and completion bonuses, costs incurred in connection
with any strategic initiatives, costs incurred in connection with acquisitions,
other business optimization expenses (including costs and expenses relating to
business optimization programs and new systems design, retention charges, system
establishment costs and implementation costs) and operating expenses
attributable to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives, restructuring
and duplicative running costs and curtailments or modifications to pension and
post-retirement employee benefit plans shall be excluded;  
 (2)      the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and changes as a result
of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period shall
be excluded;  
 (3)      any
net after-tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees, expenses and charges
relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions or abandonments (including
any disposal of abandoned or discontinued operations) or the sale or other
disposition of any Capital Stock of any Person other than in the ordinary course
of business as determined in good faith by Holdings shall be excluded;  
 (4)      the
Net Income for such period of any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary or
any Person that is not a Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity
method of accounting shall be excluded; provided that Consolidated Net Income of
Holdings shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other
payments that are actually paid in Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted
into Cash Equivalents) to Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect
of such period and the net losses of any such Person shall only be included to
the extent funded with cash from Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (5)       
solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted
Payments under clause (3)(a) of the  Section 9.5(a) , the Net Income for
such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) shall be
excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar
distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of its Net Income is not at the date
of determination permitted in whole without any prior governmental approval
(which has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, by the operation of
the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order,
statute, rule, or governmental regulation applicable to that Restricted
Subsidiary or its stockholders (other than restrictions in this Agreement),
unless such restriction with respect to the payment of dividends or similar
distributions has been legally waived, provided that Consolidated Net Income of
Holdings will be increased by the amount of dividends or other distributions or
other payments actually paid in Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted
into Cash Equivalents) to Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect
of such period, to the extent not already included therein;  
 -13-  

(6)      effects
of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries) in the inventory (including any impact
of changes to inventory valuation policy methods, including changes in
capitalization of variances), property and equipment, software, goodwill, other
intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, debt
line items and other noncash charges in such Person s consolidated financial
statements pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of recapitalization
accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in relation to the
Transactions or any other consummated acquisition or joint venture investment or
the amortization or write-off or write-down of any amounts thereof, net of
taxes, shall be excluded;  
 (7)      any
net after-tax effect of income (loss) from the early extinguishment or
conversion of (a) Indebtedness, (b) Hedging Obligations or (c) other derivative
instruments shall be excluded;  
 (8)      any
impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down, including impairment charges
or asset write-offs or write-downs related to intangible assets, goodwill,
long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities and investments
recorded using the equity method or as a result of a change in law or
regulation, in each case, pursuant to GAAP, and the amortization of intangibles
arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded;  
 (9)      any
non-cash compensation charge or expense, including any such charge or expense
arising from the grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options,
restricted stock, profit interests or other rights or equity or equity-based
incentive programs ( equity incentives ) shall be excluded and any cash charges
associated with the equity incentives or other long-term incentive compensation
plans, rollover, acceleration, or payout of Equity Interests by management,
other employees or business partners of Holdings, shall be excluded; 
 (10)      any
fees, expenses or charges incurred during such period, or any amortization
thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, recapitalization,
Investment, Asset Sale, disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness
(including such fees, expenses or charges related to the offering and issuance
of the Notes and other securities and the syndication and incurrence of any
Credit Facilities), issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing transaction or
amendment or modification of any debt instrument (including any amendment or
other modification of the Loans and other securities and any Credit Facilities)
and including, in each case, any such transaction consummated on or prior to the
Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed, and any
charges or non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of
any such transaction, in each case whether or not successful or consummated
(including, for the avoidance of doubt the effects of expensing all transaction
related expenses in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 805, Business
Combinations), shall be excluded;  
 -14-  

(11)      accruals
and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve months after the
Closing Date that are so required to be established or adjusted as a result of
the Transactions (or within twelve months after the closing of any acquisition
that are so required to be established as a result of such acquisition) in
accordance with GAAP or changes as a result of modifications of accounting
policies shall be excluded;  
 (12)     
any expenses, charges or losses to the extent covered by insurance or indemnity
and actually reimbursed, or, so long as such Person has made a determination
that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be
reimbursed by the insurer or indemnifying party and only to the extent that such
amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of the insurable or
indemnifiable event (net of any amount so added back in any prior period to the
extent not so reimbursed within the applicable 365-day period), shall be
excluded;  
 (13)      any
noncash compensation expense resulting from the application of Accounting
Standards Codification Topic No. 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, shall be
excluded;  
 (14)      any
net unrealized gain or loss (after any offset) resulting in such period from
Hedging Obligations and the application of FASB Accounting Standards
Codification 815 shall be excluded;  
 (15)      any
net unrealized gain or loss (after any offset) resulting in such period from
currency translation and transaction gains or losses including those related to
currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including any net loss or gain
resulting from Hedging Obligations for currency exchange risk) and any other
monetary assets and liabilities and any other foreign currency translation gains
and losses, to the extent such gain or losses are non-cash items, shall be
excluded;  
 (16)     
any adjustments resulting for the application of Accounting Standards
Codification Topic No. 460, Guarantees, or any comparable regulation, shall be
excluded;  
 (17)      effects
of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a prior period relating to any
change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other
chargebacks, shall be excluded; and  
 (18)      earn-out
and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for
as bonuses or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments,
shall be excluded.  
 In
addition, to the extent not already included in the Consolidated Net Income of
such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of
proceeds received from business interruption insurance and reimbursements of any
expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement
provisions in connection with any acquisition, Investment or any sale,
conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under this
Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the purpose of  Section 9.5  only (other than Section
9.5(a)(3)(d)), there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income
arising from any sale or other disposition of Restricted Investments made by
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries, any repurchases and redemptions of Restricted Investments from
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries, any repayments of loans and advances
which constitute Restricted Investments by Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries, any sale of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any
distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case only to
the extent such amounts increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted
under Section 9.5(a)(3)(d) hereof.  
 -15-  

Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio   shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) all
Indebtedness of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries that is secured by a
Lien on any assets of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of
the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are
available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such
calculation is being made shall occur  minus  Cash Equivalents included on
the consolidated balance sheet of Holdings as of the end of such most recent
fiscal quarter to (b) EBITDA of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the
most recent four fiscal quarter period ending prior to such date for which
Holdings has consolidated   financial statements available, in each case
(a) with such pro forma adjustments to Cash Equivalents and EBITDA as are
consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition
of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and (b) giving pro forma effect to the incurrence
of any Indebtedness that is incurred at the time of or in connection with the
event giving rise to the measurement of the Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio. 
   Consolidated Total
Assets   shall mean, as at any date of determination, the total assets of
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of Holdings or
such other Person. 
   Contingent Obligations  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person
guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness (  primary obligations  ) of any other Person (the   primary
obligor  ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without
limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent:  
 (1)      to purchase any such
primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security
therefor;  
 (2)      to advance or supply funds
 
 (a)      for the purchase or payment
of any such primary obligation, or  
 (b)      to maintain working capital
or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth
or solvency of the primary obligor; or  
 (3)      (3) to purchase property,
securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any
such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of
such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.  
   Credit Facilities   shall
mean, with respect to Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, one or
more debt facilities, including the ABL Facilities, or other financing
arrangements (including, without limitation, commercial paper facilities or
indentures) providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, letters of credit
or other long-term indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees,
collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection
therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals,
restatements or refundings thereof, in whole or in part, and any indentures or
credit facilities or commercial paper facilities that replace, refund,
supplement or refinance any part of the loans, notes, other credit facilities or
commitments thereunder, including any such replacement, refunding, supplemental
or refinancing facility, arrangement or indenture that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed or issued
thereunder or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in
borrowings or issuances is permitted under Section 9.7) or adds Restricted
Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the
same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of lenders or other holders. 
 -16-  

Debt Repayment   shall
mean the repayment, prepayment, repurchase or defeasance of the Indebtedness of
the Borrower that is identified on  Schedule 1.1(b)  hereto and that is
repaid, prepaid, repurchased or defeased on the Closing Date (or such later date
as may be necessary to effect the Debt Repayment in accordance with the tender
offers therefor).  
   Default   shall mean any
event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would
be, an Event of Default.  
   Default Rate   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 2.8(c) .  
   Defaulting Lender   shall
mean any Lender with respect to which a Lender Default is in effect.  
   Demand Failure Event  
shall have the meaning assigned to  Opco Demand Failure Event  in the Fee
Letter.  
   Designated Non-cash
Consideration   shall mean the fair market value, as set forth in an
Officer s Certificate, of non-cash consideration received by Holdings or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Sale, less the amount of
Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale, redemption or
repurchase of or collection or payment on such Designated Non-cash
Consideration;  provided  that such disposition is in compliance with
 Section 9.8  hereof. 
   Designated Preferred
Stock   shall mean means Preferred Stock of Holdings or any direct or
indirect parent company thereof (in each case other than Disqualified Stock)
that is issued for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee
stock ownership plan or trust established by Holdings or any of its
Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an
Officer s Certificate executed by the principal financial officer of Holdings or
the applicable parent company thereof, as the case may be, on the issuance date
thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth
in  clause (3)  of  Section 9.5(a)  hereof.  
   Discount Prepayment Accepting
Lender   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(b)(iii) 
hereof.  
   Discounted Loan
Prepayment   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(b)(i) 
hereof.  
   Discounted Prepayment
Effective Date   shall mean, in the case of a Borrower Offer of Specified
Discount Prepayment, five (5) Business Days following the receipt by each
relevant Lender of notice from the Auction Agent in accordance with  Section
5.1(b)(ii) , unless a shorter period is agreed to between Borrower and the
Auction Agent.  
   Disqualified Stock   shall
mean, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its
terms, or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which
it is putable or exchangeable, or upon the happening of any event, matures or is
mandatorily redeemable (other than solely as a result of a change of control or
asset sale) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof
(other than solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale), in whole
or in part, in each case prior to the date 91 days after the earlier of the Term
Loan Maturity Date or the date the Loans are no longer outstanding;
   provided , that if such Capital Stock is issued to any plan for the
benefit of employees of Holdings or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such
employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely
because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries
in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations;  provided , further, that any Capital Stock held by any future, current or
former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant of Holdings, any of
its Subsidiaries, or any other entity in which Holdings or a Restricted
Subsidiary has an Investment and is designated in good faith as an  affiliate 
by the board of directors of Holdings (or the compensation committee thereof),
in each case pursuant to any stock subscription or shareholders  agreement,
management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee
benefit plan or agreement shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because
it may be required to be repurchased by Holdings or its Subsidiaries or in order
to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations  
 -17-  

Dollars   and   $  
shall mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.  
     Domestic Priority
Debt     shall mean (1) the North American ABL Facility and (2) any
other Credit Facilities that are incurred pursuant to  Section 9.7(b)(1) 
hereof that are secured by any assets of Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries that secure or, if the North American ABL Facility is no longer
outstanding, would have secured pursuant to its terms, the North American ABL
Facility. 
   EBITDA   shall mean, with
respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person
for such period  
 (1)     
increased (without duplication) by the following, in each case (other than
clauses (j), and (n)) to the extent deducted (and not added back) in determining
Consolidated Net Income for such period:  
 (a)     
provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital, including, without
limitation, federal, state, provincial, franchise, excise and similar taxes and
foreign withholding taxes (including any future taxes or other levies which
replace or are intended to be in lieu of such taxes and any penalties and
interest related to such taxes or arising from tax examinations) and the net tax
expense associated with any adjustments made pursuant to clauses (1) through
(18) of the definition of  Consolidated Net Income  plus  
 (b)      Fixed Charges of such
Person for such period (including (w) net losses on Hedging Obligations or other
derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate
risk, net of interest income and gains with respect to such obligations, (x)
bank fees and other financing fees, (y) costs of surety bonds in connection with
financing activities and (z) amounts excluded from Consolidated Interest Expense
as set forth in clauses (1)(v) through (z) in the definition thereof); plus  
 (c)     
Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense of such Person for such
period; plus  
 (d)      the amount of any
restructuring charges, accruals or reserves, equity-based or non-cash
compensation charges or expenses including any such charges or expenses arising
from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted
stock or other rights, retention charges (including charges or expenses in respect of incentive plans), start-up or initial costs for any
project or new production line, division or new line of business or other
business optimization expenses or reserves including, without limitation, costs
or reserves associated with improvements to IT and accounting functions,
integration and facilities opening costs or any one-time costs incurred in
connection with acquisitions and Investments and costs related to the closure
and/or consolidation of facilities; plus  
 -18-  

(e)      any other non-cash charges
(including (i) any write-offs or write-downs, (ii) losses on sales, disposals or
abandonment of, or any improvement charges or asset write off related to,
intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments in debt and equity
securities and (iii) all losses from investments) (provided that if any such
non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any
future period, (A) Holdings may elect not to add back such non-cash charge in
the current period and (B) to the extent Holdings elects to add back such
non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall
be subtracted from EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a
prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period); plus 
  (f)      the amount of any
non-controlling or minority interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income
attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly
Owned Subsidiary; plus  
 (g)      any
costs or expense incurred by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any
management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee
benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to
the extent that such cost or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed
to the capital of Holdings or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity
Interest of Holdings (other than Disqualified Stock) solely to the extent that
such net cash proceeds are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (3)
of the first paragraph under  Section 9.5(a) ; plus  
 (h)      cash receipts (or any
netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing
EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains
relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of EBITDA pursuant to
clause (2) below for any previous period and not added back; plus  
 (i)      any net loss from disposed,
abandoned or discontinued operations; plus  
 (j)      (i) any expenses, charges
or other costs for any period of the same nature or type as the expenses,
charges or other costs that were added to  EBITDA  to calculate  Adjusted
EBITDA  or  SunOpta Foods Run-Rate Adjusted EBITDA  for the twelve months ended
July 4, 2015 as set forth in the  Summary Summary Financial Data Non-GAAP
Financial Measures  section of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and (ii) any
items under the caption  Additional run-rate adjustments  that were added to
 SunOpta Foods Adjusted EBITDA  to calculate  SunOpta Foods Run-Rate Adjusted
EBITDA  for the twelve months ended July 4, 2015 as set forth in the
 Summary Summary Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measures  section of the
Preliminary Offering Memorandum; plus  
 (k)      any (i) salary, benefit and
other direct savings resulting from workforce reductions by such Person
implemented or reasonably expected to be implemented within the 12 months
following such period, (ii) severance or relocation costs or expenses of such Person during such period and (iii) costs and expenses
incurred after the Closing Date related to employment of terminated employees
incurred by such Person during such period; plus  
 -19-  

(l)      any proceeds from business
interruption, casualty or liability insurance received by such Person during
such period, to the extent the associated losses arising out of the event that
resulted in the payment of such business interruption insurance proceeds were
included in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus  
 (m)      to the extent actually
reimbursed (and not otherwise included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income),
expenses incurred to the extent covered by indemnification provisions in any
agreement in connection with any acquisition or merger involving Holdings or any
of its Subsidiaries; plus  
 (n)      the
amount of net cost savings and synergies projected by Holdings in good faith to
be realized as a result of specified actions taken or with respect to which
substantial steps have been taken (in the good faith determination of Holdings)
and which are expected to be realized within 12 months of the date thereof in
connection with the Transactions, future acquisitions and cost saving,
restructuring and other similar initiatives (which cost savings shall be added
to EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though
such cost savings had been realized during such period from such actions;
provided that such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually
supportable (which adjustments may be incremental to (but not duplicative of)
pro forma adjustments made pursuant to the second paragraph of the definition of
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  provided that the aggregate amount added back
pursuant to this clause (n) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
shall not exceed an amount equal to 20% of EBITDA for such period of four
consecutive fiscal quarters prior to giving effect to any adjustments pursuant
to this clause (n);  
 (2)      decreased (without
duplication) by the following, in each case to the extent included in
determining Consolidated Net Income for such period:  
 (a)      non-cash gains increasing
Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, excluding any non-cash
gains to the extent they represent the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a
potential cash item that reduced EBITDA in any prior period; plus  
 (b)      any
non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period unless
such cash did not increase EBITDA in such prior period; plus  
 (c)      any net income from
disposed or discontinued operations.  
   Enforceability
Exceptions   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.2  hereof.
 
   Environmental Law   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.14  hereof.  
   Equity Interest   shall
mean Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital
Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable
for, Capital Stock.  
 -20-  

Equity Offering   shall
any public or private sale or issuance of common stock or Preferred Stock of
Holdings (excluding Disqualified Stock), other than:  
 (1)      public offerings with
respect to Holdings  common stock registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8;  
 (2)      sales
and issuances pursuant to employee and/or director stock plans or employee
and/or director compensation plans;  
 (3)      sales and issuances to
shareholders and/or employees of the Target as provided in the Purchase and Sale
Agreement;  
 (4)      sales
and issuances pursuant to dividend reinvestment programs;  
 (5)      issuances or transfers
directly (and not constituting cash proceeds of any such issuance or transfer)
as consideration in connection with any acquisition (so long as such acquisition
is not prohibited by this Agreement);  
 (6)      sales and issuances to
Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings; and  
 (7)      any such public or private
sale or issuance that constitutes an Excluded Contribution. 
   ERISA   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 8.11  hereof.  
   ERISA Affiliate   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.11  hereof.  
   European ABL Facility  
means that certain Amendment and Restatement Agreement relating to the
Multipurpose Facilities Agreement dated as of October 14, 2014 among the Organic
Corporation B.V., Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V., SunOpta Foods Europe B.V.,
Tradin Organics USA, LLC. And Trabocca B.V., each of the financial institutions
and other entities from time to time parties thereto, and ING Bank N.V. as
agent, including any related notes, collateral documents, letters of credit and
guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any
appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing (as the same may be in
effect from time to time), and any amendments, supplements, modifications,
extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings, refinancings or replacements
thereof (whether with the original agents and lenders or other agents or lenders
or otherwise, and whether provided under the original credit agreement or other
credit agreements or otherwise) and any indenture, guarantees, credit facilities
or commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional lenders or
investors that replace, refund, exchange, supplement or refinance any part of
the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder,
including any such replacement, refunding or refinancing facility or indenture
that increases the amount borrowable thereunder or alters the maturity thereof
(provided that such increase in borrowings is permitted under  Section 9.7 
and  Section 9.10 ) or adds Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers
or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or any other agent, trustee,
lender or group of lenders or holders.  
   Event of Default   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 11  hereof.  
   Excess Proceeds   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 9.8(c)  hereof.  
   Exchange Act   shall mean
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder.  
 -21-  

Exchange Date   shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.14(b)(i) hereof.  
   Exchange Notice   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.14(b)(ii)  hereof.  
   Excluded Contribution  
shall mean net cash proceeds, marketable securities or Qualified Proceeds
received by Holdings after the Closing Date from:  
 (1)      contributions to its common
equity capital; and  
 (2)      the
sale (other than to a Subsidiary of Holdings or to any management equity plan or
stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement
of Holdings) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock and Designated
Preferred Stock) of Holdings;  
 in each case designated as Excluded
Contributions pursuant to an Officer s Certificate executed by the principal
financial officer of Holdings within 180 days of the date such capital
contributions are made, such dividends, distributions, fees or other payments
are paid, or the date such Equity Interests are sold, as the case may be, which
are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (3) of the first paragraph
under  Section 9.5 . 
   Excluded Taxes   shall
mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other
recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any
Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (i) Taxes imposed on or
measured by its overall net income or branch profits (however denominated), and
franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), in each case by a
jurisdiction (including any political subdivision thereof) as a result of such
recipient being organized in, having its principal office in, or in the case of
any Lender, having its applicable lending office in, such jurisdiction, or as a
result of any other present or former connection with such jurisdiction (other
than any such connection arising solely from this Agreement or any other Loan
Documents or any transactions contemplated thereunder), (ii) in the case of a
Lender, any United States federal withholding Tax imposed on any payment by or
on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan
Document that is required to be imposed on amounts payable to such Lender
pursuant to laws in force at the time (A) such Lender becomes a party hereto
(other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under  Section
13.7 ) or (B) such Lender designates a new lending office, except in each
case to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled,
immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to
receive additional amounts or indemnification payments with respect to such
withholding Tax pursuant to  Section 5.4 , (iii) Taxes attributable to such
recipient s failure to comply with  Section 5.4(d) ,  (e) ,  (h) 
or  (i)  or (iv) any United States federal withholding Tax imposed under
FATCA.  
   fair market value   shall
mean, with respect to any asset or liability, the fair market value of such
asset or liability as determined by Holdings in good faith.  
    FATCA   shall mean
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any
amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially
more onerous to comply with), any Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or
official administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code and any law, regulation, rule or
promulgation enacted in a non-U.S. jurisdiction implementing an applicable
intergovernmental agreement between such non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United
States with respect to the foregoing.  
   FDA   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 8.15  hereof.  
 -22-  

Federal Funds Effective
Rate   shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the per annum rates
on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve
System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published on the next
succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or, if such rate
is not so published for any date that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds
Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if
necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day
for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal
Funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.  
   Fee Letter   shall mean
the Fee Letter, dated as of July 30, 2015, among Borrower, Holdings, Bank of
Montreal and BMO Capital Markets.  
   Fees   shall mean all
amounts payable pursuant to, or referred to in,  Section 4.1  hereof.  
   Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio   means, with respect to any Person for any period, the ratio of EBITDA
of such Person for such period to the Fixed Charges of such Person for such
period. In the event that Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs, assumes,
guarantees, redeems, repays, retires or extinguishes any Indebtedness (other
than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility unless
such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and has not been replaced) or
issues or redeems Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock subsequent to the
commencement of the period for which the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is being
calculated but prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the
calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is made (the   Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio Calculation Date  ), then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, assumption,
guarantee, redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness,
or such issuance or redemption of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as if
the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter
period. 
 For purposes of making the
computation referred to above, Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers,
amalgamations, consolidations and discontinued operations (as determined in
accordance with GAAP) that have been made by Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries during the four-quarter reference period or subsequent to such
reference period and on or prior to or simultaneously with the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio Calculation Date shall be calculated on a pro forma basis
assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers,
amalgamations, consolidations and discontinued operations (and the change in any
associated fixed charge obligations and the change in EBITDA resulting
therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference period.
If since the beginning of such period any Person that subsequently became a
Restricted Subsidiary or was merged with or into Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such period shall have made any
Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or
discontinued operation that would have required adjustment pursuant to this
definition, then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro
forma effect thereto for such period as if such Investment, acquisition,
disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or discontinued operation had
occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. 
 For purposes of this definition,
whenever pro forma effect is to be given to an Investment, acquisition,
disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or discontinued operation
(including the Transactions), the pro forma calculations shall be made in good
faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of Holdings (and may
include, for the avoidance of doubt, cost savings, synergies and operating
expense reductions resulting from such Investment, acquisition, merger,
amalgamation or consolidation (including the Transactions) which is being given
pro forma effect that have been or are expected to be realized; provided that
any pro forma adjustments in respect of cost savings shall (a) be limited to
those which are expected to be realized within 12 months of the applicable date
of such calculation and (b) not exceed, for any period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters, an amount equal to 20% of EBITDA for such period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters prior to giving effect to any adjustments pursuant to this
paragraph). If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being
given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as
if the rate in effect on the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date had
been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging
Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capitalized Lease
Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined
by a responsible financial or accounting officer of Holdings to be the rate of
interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP.
For purposes of making the computation referred to above, interest on any
Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis
shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness
during the applicable period except as set forth in the first paragraph of this
definition. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an
interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency
interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon
the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen
as Holdings may designate.  
 -23-  

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
Calculation Date   shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
definition of  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.   
   Fixed Charges   shall
mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of, without
duplication:  
 (1)      Consolidated Interest
Expense of such Person for such period;  
 (2)      all cash dividends or other
distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series
of Preferred Stock during such period; and  
 (3)      all cash dividends or other
distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series
of Disqualified Stock during such period. 
   Foreign Subsidiary   shall
mean with respect to any Person, (i) any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person
that is not organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state
thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof or Canada or any
province or territory thereof, and any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign
Subsidiary, or (ii) a Restricted Subsidiary that does not meet the requirements
of clause (i) but has no material assets other than the Equity Interests of one
or more Foreign Subsidiaries that do meet the requirements of clause (i).  
   Fund   shall mean any
Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making,
purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course.  
   GAAP   shall mean (i)
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States which are in
effect on the Closing Date or (ii) if elected by Holdings by written notice to
the Administrative Agent in connection with the delivery of financial statements
and information, the accounting standards and interpretations (  IFRS  )
adopted by the International Accounting Standard Board, as in effect on the
first date of the period for which Holdings is making such election;
 provided , that (a) any such election once made shall be irrevocable and
(b) from and after such election, all ratios, computations and other
determinations based on GAAP contained in this Agreement shall be computed in
conformity with IFRS.  
   Government Securities  
shall mean securities that are: 
 -24-  

(1)      direct obligations of the
United States of America for the timely payment of which its full faith and
credit is pledged; or  
 (2)     
obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or
instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment of which is
unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United
States of America, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the
option of the issuers thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt
issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as
custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment
of principal of or interest on any such Government Securities held by such
custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided
that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any
deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from
any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or
the specific payment of principal of or interest on the Government Securities
evidenced by such depository receipt.  
   Governmental Authority  
shall mean any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory
or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or
pertaining to government, including a central bank or stock exchange.  
   Granting Lender   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 13.6(g)  hereof.  
   guarantee   means a
guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in
the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner (including
letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or
any part of any Indebtedness or other obligations.  
   Guarantee   shall mean the
guarantee by any Guarantor of the Borrower s Obligations under this Agreement.
 
   Guaranteed Parties   shall
mean the Administrative Agent, any other Agent and each Lender, in each case,
with respect to the Obligations or any Guarantee, and each sub-agent appointed
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to  Section 12  hereof with respect to
matters relating to the Obligations.  
   Guarantors   shall mean Holdings and each Subsidiary
Guarantor.  
   Hedging Obligations  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any
interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar
agreement, commodity swap agreement, commodity cap agreement, commodity collar
agreement, commodity option agreement, foreign exchange contract, currency swap
agreement or similar agreement (including equity derivative agreements)
providing for the transfer, modification or mitigation of interest rate,
currency, commodity risks or equity risks either generally or under specific
contingencies.  
   Historical Financial
Statements   shall mean: 
 (a)      unaudited
combined balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of
Target and its Subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter (that is not the last fiscal
quarter of a fiscal year) commencing on or after December 31, 2014, and ended at
least 45 days prior to the Closing Date;  
 -25-  

(b)      audited
combined balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of
Target and its Subsidiaries for the three most recently completed fiscal years
ended at least 90 days before the Closing Date; and  
 (c)      a
pro forma consolidated balance sheet and related pro forma consolidated
statement of income of Holdings for the twelve month period ending on the last
day of the most recently completed four-fiscal quarter period ended at least 90
days prior to the Closing Date (if the end of such period is a fiscal year-end
of Holdings) or ended at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date (if the end of
such period is not a fiscal year end of Holdings), in each case, prepared after
giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such
date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in
the case of the statement of income), which need not include adjustments for
purchase accounting (including adjustments of the type contemplated by Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business
Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)).  
   Holdings   shall have the
meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement.  
   Indebtedness   shall mean,
with respect to any Person, without duplication: 
 (1)      any
indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not
contingent:  
 (a)      in respect of borrowed
money;  
 (b)      evidenced by bonds, notes,
debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers  acceptances
(or, without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof);  
 (c)      representing the balance
deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property (including Capitalized
Lease Obligations) due more than twelve months after such property is acquired,
except (i) any such balance that constitutes an obligation in respect of a
commercial letter of credit, a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade
creditor, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any
earn-out obligations until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance
sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid after becoming due
and payable; or  
 (d)      representing the net
obligations under any Hedging Obligations;  
 if and to the extent that any of
the foregoing Indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Hedging
Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the
footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP;  
 (2)      to the extent not otherwise
included, any obligation by such Person to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor,
guarantor or otherwise, on the obligations of the type referred to in clause (1)
of a third Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet
of such obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; and  
 (3)      to the extent not otherwise
included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (1) of a third
Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such first Person, whether or
not such Indebtedness is assumed by such first Person, but
limited to the fair market value of the assets subject to such Lien;  
 -26-  

provided that notwithstanding the
foregoing, Indebtedness shall be deemed not to include Contingent Obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business and (b) obligations under or in
respect of any operating lease or Sale and Lease-Back Transactions (except any
resulting Capitalized Lease Obligations);  provided ,  further , that
Indebtedness shall be calculated without giving effect to the effects of
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No.
815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise
increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this
Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the
terms of such Indebtedness.  
   Indemnified Liabilities  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.5  hereof.  
   Indemnified Taxes   shall
mean all Taxes imposed on or with respect to or measured by, any payment by or
on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan
Document other than (a) Excluded Taxes, (b) Other Taxes and (c) [Reserved].  
   Independent Financial
Advisor   shall mean an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or
consultant to Persons engaged in Similar Businesses of nationally recognized
standing that is, in the good faith judgment of Holdings, qualified to perform
the task for which it has been engaged.  
   Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding   shall mean:  
 (1)      any voluntary or
involuntary case or proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law with respect to the
Borrower or any Guarantor;  
 (2)      any
other voluntary or involuntary insolvency, reorganization or bankruptcy case or
proceeding, or any receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar
case or proceeding with respect to the Borrower or any Guarantor or with respect
to a material portion of its respective assets;  
 (3)      any liquidation,
dissolution, reorganization or winding up of the Borrower or any Guarantor or
its securities whether voluntary or involuntary and whether or not involving
insolvency or bankruptcy; or  
 (4)      any assignment for the
benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of assets and liabilities of the
Borrower or any Guarantor.  
   Intellectual Property  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.13  hereof. 
   Intercreditor Agreement  
means the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the ABL
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Additional First Lien Collateral
Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) from time to time party
thereto and each Additional Second Lien Collateral Agent (as defined in the
Intercreditor Agreement) from time to time party thereto, as it may be amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with this Agreement.  
   Interest Period   shall
mean, with respect to any Loan, the interest period applicable thereto, as
determined pursuant to  Section 2.9  hereof.  
 -27-  

Interim Loan Conversion
Date   shall mean October 9, 2016 or, if such date is not a Business Day, the
next succeeding Business Day.  
    Investment Grade Rating  
shall mean a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s
and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or if the applicable securities are not
then rated by Moody s or S P, an equivalent rating by any other Rating
Agency.  
   Investment Grade
Securities   shall mean:  
 (1)      securities issued or
directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any
agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);  
 (2)      debt securities or debt
instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities
or instruments constituting loans or advances among Holdings and its
Subsidiaries;  
 (3)      investments in any fund
that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (1) and
(2) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or
distribution; and  
 (4)      corresponding instruments
in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality
investments. 
   Investments   shall mean,
with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons
(including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including guarantees), advances or
capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to
customers and distributors, commission, travel and similar advances to
employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors and consultants in each
case made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions
for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued
by any other Person and investments that are required by GAAP to be classified
on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes) of Holdings in the same manner as
the other investments included in this definition to the extent such
transactions involve the transfer of cash or other property. For purposes of the
definition of  Unrestricted Subsidiary  and  Section 9.5  hereof:  
 (1)       Investments  shall include
the portion (proportionate to Holdings  equity interest in such Subsidiary) of
the fair market value of the net assets of a Subsidiary of Holdings at the time
that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and  
 (2)      any property transferred to
or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at
the time of such transfer. 
 The amount of any Investment
outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced
by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or
other amount received in Cash Equivalents by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary
in respect of such Investment.  
    Joint Bookrunners   shall
mean BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Co peratieve Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.,  Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch.  
   Joint Lead Arrangers  
shall mean BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Co peratieve Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.,  Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch.  
 -28-  

Lender   shall have the
meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement.  
   Lender Default   shall
mean (a) the failure (which has not been cured) of a Lender to make available
its portion of any Borrowing or (b) a Lender having notified the Administrative
Agent and/or the Borrower that it does not intend to comply with the obligations
under  Section 2.1(a)  hereof, or (c) a Lender becoming the subject of a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.  
   LIBOR Loan   shall mean
any Senior Interim Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to
the LIBOR Rate.  
   LIBOR Rate   shall mean,
for any Interest Period with respect to a LIBOR Loan in Dollars, the rate  per
annum  equal to the greater of (a) the rate per annum equal to the ICE
Benchmark Administration (or the successor thereto if the ICE Benchmark
Administration is no longer making the LIBOR Rate available) LIBOR Rate ("ICE
LIBOR Rate"), as published by Reuters (or other commercially available source
providing quotations of ICE LIBOR Rate as designated by Administrative Agent
from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for
delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to
such Interest Period; provided that if such rate is not available at such time
for any reason, then the "LIBOR Rate" for such Interest Period shall be the rate
per annum determined by Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in
Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in immediately
available funds in the approximate amount of the LIBOR Loan being made,
continued or converted and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would
be offered by such other authoritative source (as is selected by Administrative
Agent in its sole reasonable discretion) to major banks in the London interbank
eurodollar market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two
Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period and (b) 1.0% per
annum.  
   Legal Holiday   means a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banking institutions are not
required to be open in the State of New York, the Province of Ontario (Canada)
or place of payment, or, London for purposes of the definition of  LIBOR Rate .
If a payment date is on a Legal Holiday, payment will be made on the next
succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday and no interest shall accrue for the
intervening period. 
   Lien   shall mean, with
respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge,
hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of
any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise
perfected under applicable law, including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, or any other agreement to
give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing
statement under the UCC (or equivalent statutes, including the PPSA) of any
jurisdiction;  provided  that in no event shall an operating lease be
deemed to constitute a Lien.  
   Loan   shall mean any
Senior Interim Loan or Senior Term Loan made by any Lender hereunder.  
   Loan Documents   shall
mean this Agreement, the Fee Letter, the Guarantees and the Collateral
Documents.  
   Loan Party   shall mean
the Borrower, the Guarantors and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a
party to a Loan Document.  
 -29-  

Material Adverse Effect  
shall mean a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise),
properties, business, assets, management, financial position, shareholders 
equity or results of operations of Holdings and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole.  
   Material Subsidiary  
shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.10 hereof.  
   Maturity Date   shall mean
(a) if the Loans have not been converted to Senior Term Loans, October 9, 2016
or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, or (b)
if the Loans have been converted to Senior Term Loans, October 9, 2022 or, if
such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day (with respect
to  clause (b)  only, the   Term Loan Maturity Date  ).  
   Money Laundering Laws  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.22  hereof.  
   Moody s   shall mean
Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business.
 
   Mortgage   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 8.17  hereof.  
   Mortgaged Property   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.17  hereof.  
   Net Income   means, with
respect to any Person, the net income (loss) of such Person, determined in
accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock
dividends.  
   Net Cash Proceeds   shall
mean, with respect to any Prepayment Event, (a) the gross cash proceeds
(including payments from time to time in respect of installment obligations, if
applicable) received by or on behalf of Holdings or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries in respect of such Prepayment Event, as the case may be, less (b)
the sum of:  
 (i)      the
amount, if any, of all taxes paid or estimated to be payable by Holdings or any
of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such Prepayment Event,  
 (ii)      the
amount of any reasonable reserve established in accordance with GAAP against any
liabilities (other than any taxes deducted pursuant to clause (i) above) (x)
associated with the assets that are the subject of such Prepayment Event and (y)
retained by Holdings or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that the
amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in connection
with a payment in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Cash
Proceeds of such a Prepayment Event occurring on the date of such reduction,
 
 (iii)      the
amount of any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the assets that are the subject
of such Prepayment Event to the extent that the instrument creating or
evidencing such Indebtedness requires that such Indebtedness be repaid upon
consummation of such Prepayment Event, and (iv) reasonable and customary fees
paid by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any of the
foregoing,  
 in each case only to the extent not already deducted in
arriving at the amount referred to in clause (a) above.  
 -30-  

Net Proceeds   shall mean
the aggregate Cash Equivalents proceeds received by Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale, including any Cash
Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any Designated
Non-cash Consideration received in any Asset Sale, net of the direct costs
relating to such Asset Sale and the sale or disposition of such Designated
Non-cash Consideration, including legal, accounting and investment banking fees,
payments made in order to obtain a necessary consent or required by applicable
law, and brokerage and sales commissions, any relocation expenses incurred as a
result thereof, other fees and expenses, including title and recordation
expenses, taxes paid or payable as a result thereof or any transactions
occurring or deemed to occur to effectuate a payment under this Agreement (after
taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing
arrangements), amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal,
premium, if any, and interest on Senior Indebtedness or amounts required to be
applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien on such assets and
required (other than required by clause (1) of the second paragraph of
 Section 9.8 ) to be paid as a result of such transaction and any deduction
of appropriate amounts to be provided by Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities
associated with the asset disposed of in such transaction and retained by
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such sale or other
disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit
liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any
indemnification obligations associated with such transaction.  
   North American ABL
Facility   means that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of July 27, 2012, as amended from time to time, among Holdings, the
Borrower, each of the financial institutions and other entities from time to
time parties thereto, certain affiliates of the borrowers as obligors and Bank
of Montreal as agent, including any related notes, collateral documents, letters
of credit and guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection
therewith, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing (as
the same may be in effect from time to time), and any amendments, supplements,
modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings, refinancings or
replacements thereof (whether with the original agents and lenders or other
agents or lenders or otherwise, and whether provided under the original credit
agreement or other credit agreements or otherwise) and any indenture,
guarantees, credit facilities or commercial paper facilities with banks or other
institutional lenders or investors that replace, refund, exchange, supplement or
refinance any part of the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or
commitments thereunder, including any such replacement, refunding or refinancing
facility or indenture that increases the amount borrowable thereunder or alters
the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings is permitted
under  Section 9.7  and, if applicable,  Section 9.10 ) or adds
Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and
whether by the same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of lenders or
holders.  
   Non-Consenting Lender  
shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.7(b) hereof.  
   Non-Defaulting Lender  
shall mean and include each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender.  
   Non-U.S. Lender   shall
mean any Lender that is not a  United States person  as defined under Section
7701(a)(30) of the Code.  
   Notice of Borrowing  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.3(a)  hereof.  
   Notice of Conversion or
Continuation   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.6(a) 
hereof.  
 -31-  

Obligations   shall mean
any principal, interest (including any interest accruing on or subsequent to the
filing of a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding at the
rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, whether or not such
interest is an allowed claim under applicable state, provincial, federal or
foreign law), premium, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements
(including reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit and
bankers  acceptances), damages and other liabilities, and guarantees of payment
of such principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements,
damages and other liabilities, payable under the documentation governing any
Indebtedness.  
   Officer   shall mean with
respect to a Person, the Chairman of the board of directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the
President, any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice
President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of such Person or any other officer of
such Person designated by any such individuals.  
   Officer s Certificate  
shall mean a certificate signed on behalf of a Person by an Officer of such
Person that meets the requirements set forth in this Agreement.  
   Opinion of Counsel   shall
mean a written opinion from legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to Holdings
or the Borrower or the Administrative Agent.  
   Opta Minerals
Disposition   means the direct or indirect sale, transfer or other
disposition of all or any part of the Capital Stock or assets of Opta Minerals
Inc. (for the avoidance of doubt, including a sale, transfer or other
disposition of Capital Stock of any Person owning such Capital Stock or assets,
so long as substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Person
consists of such Capital Stock or assets).  
   Other Intellectual
Property   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.13  hereof.
 
   Other Taxes   shall mean
any and all present or future stamp, registration, documentary, intangible,
recording, filing or any other similar excise or property taxes (including
interest, fines, penalties, additions to tax and related, reasonable,
out-of-pocket expenses with regard thereto) arising from any payment made
hereunder or made under any other Loan Document or from the execution or
delivery of, registration or enforcement of, consummation or administration of,
or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
 provided  that such term shall not include any of the foregoing Taxes (i)
that result from an assignment, grant of a participation pursuant to  Section
13.6(c)  or transfer or assignment to or designation of a new lending office
or other office for receiving payments under any Loan Document (  Assignment
Taxes  ) to the extent such Assignment Taxes are imposed as a result of a
present or former connection between the assignor/participating Lender and/or
the assignee/Participant and the taxing jurisdiction (other than a connection
arising solely from any Loan Documents or any transactions contemplated
thereunder), except to the extent that any such action described in this proviso
is requested or required by the Borrower, or (ii) that are Excluded Taxes.  
   Overnight Rate   shall
mean, for any day the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii)
an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  
   Parity Lien Debt   means
the principal amount of: 
 (1)      the Loans initially issued
by the Borrower under this Agreement together with the related Guarantees of the
Guarantors; and 
 -32-  

(2)      any
Permitted Additional Parity Debt. 
   Parity Lien Documents  
means the Loan Documents and any additional indenture, credit facility or other
agreement pursuant to which any Parity Lien Debt is incurred and the Collateral
Documents related thereto (other than any Collateral Documents that do not
secure Parity Lien Obligations), as each may be amended, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified. 
   Parity Lien Obligations  
means Parity Lien Debt and all other Obligations in respect thereof, together
with Hedging Obligations that are secured, or intended to be secured, under the
Parity Lien Documents if the provider of such Hedging Obligations has agreed to
be bound by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or such provider s interest
in the Collateral is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
   Participant   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 13.6(c)  hereof.  
   Patriot Act  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.19  hereof.  
   PBGC   shall mean the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Section 4002 of
ERISA, or any successor thereto.  
   Pension Act   shall mean
the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as it presently exists or as it may be
amended from time to time.  
   Perfection Certificate  
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement.
 
   Permit   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 8.15  hereof.  
   Permitted Additional Parity
Debt   means obligations under any Additional Parity Debt; provided that
after giving effect to the Incurrence of any such Indebtedness the Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be less
than or equal to 4.5:1.0.  
   Permitted Asset Swap  
shall mean means the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of
Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and Cash
Equivalents between Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another
Person;  provided    that any Cash Equivalents received must be
applied in accordance with the covenant described under  Section 9.8 ;
 provided further    that the assets received are pledged as
Collateral to the extent required by the Collateral Documents (except to the
extent the Lien thereon is released by the lenders under the North American ABL
Facility to the extent that the assets disposed of constituted Collateral).  
   Permitted Bank Product
Obligations   means, all Obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor
incurred in the ordinary course of business, whether on account of principal,
interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or
otherwise, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with any Bank
Products and all Hedging Obligations not for speculation purposes, to any person
that is or was a lender (or an affiliate thereof) or the administrative agent
(or an affiliate thereof) under the North American ABL Facility at the time the
agreements or arrangements in respect of such services were entered into that
are secured, or intended to be secured, under an ABL Debt Document, if the
provider of such Permitted Bank Product Obligations has agreed to be bound by
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or such provider s interest in the
Collateral is subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
 -33-  

Permitted Exceptions  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.17  hereof.  
   Permitted Investments  
means: 
 (1)      any Investment in Holdings
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;  
 (2)      any Investment in Cash
Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;  
 (3)      any
Investment by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Person
(including, to the extent constituting an Investment, in assets of a Person that
represent substantially all of its assets or a division, business unit or
product line, including research and development and related assets in respect
of any product) that is engaged directly or through entities that will be
Restricted Subsidiaries in a Similar Business if as a result of such Investment:
 
 (a)      such Person becomes a
Restricted Subsidiary; or  
 (b)      such
Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is amalgamated,
merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all
of its assets (or a division, business unit or product line, including any
research and development and related assets in respect of any product), or is
liquidated into, Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary, and, in each case, any
Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired
by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation,
consolidation or transfer;  
 (4)      any Investment in
securities or other assets, including earnouts, not constituting Cash
Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and received in connection with an
Asset Sale made pursuant to the first paragraph under   Repurchase at the Option
of Holders Asset Sales  or any other disposition of assets not constituting an
Asset Sale;  
 (5)      any
Investment existing on the Closing Date or made pursuant to binding commitments
in effect on the Closing Date or an Investment consisting of any extension,
modification or renewal of any such Investment or binding commitment existing on
the Closing Date; provided that the amount of any such Investment may be
increased in such extension, modification or renewal only (a) as required by the
terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Closing
Date (including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original
issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or (b) as otherwise
permitted under this Agreement;  
 (6)     
Hedging Obligations permitted under  Section 9.7(b)(9)  hereof;  
 (7)      any Investment in a Similar
Business, an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a joint venture having an aggregate fair
market value taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this
clause (7) that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (a)
$15.0 million and (b) 1.00% of Consolidated Total Assets (in each case,
determined on the date such Investment is made, with the fair market value of
each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value);  provided ,  however , that if any
Investment pursuant to this clause (7) is made in any Person that is not a
Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings at the date of the making of such Investment
and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment
shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) above and
shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (7); 
 -34-  

(8)      guarantees of Indebtedness
permitted under  Section 9.7  hereof performance guarantees and Contingent
Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice and the creation of Liens on the assets of Holdings or any Restricted
Subsidiary in compliance with  Section 9.10  hereof ;  
 (9)      any transaction to the
extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted by and made in accordance
with  Section 9.9(b)  hereof (except transactions described in clauses (2)
and (4) of such paragraph);  
 (10)      (a) advances to, or
guarantees of Indebtedness of, employees not in excess of $2.0 million
outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate; and (b) loans and advances to
employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors and consultants for
business-related travel expenses, moving expenses and other similar expenses or
payroll advances, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practices or to fund such Person s purchase of Equity
Interests of Holdings;  
 (11)      advances, loans or
extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with
past practice by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;  
 (12)      any Investment in any
Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management
arrangements or related activities arising in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practice;  
 (13)     
Investments made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts
and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business;
 
 (14)     
repurchases of Loans;  
 (15)     
investments in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice
consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for collection of deposit and Article 4
customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices;  
 (16)      additional Investments
having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments
made pursuant to this clause (16) that are at that time outstanding (without
giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the
proceeds of such sale do not consist of cash or have not been subsequently sold
or transferred for cash or marketable securities), not to exceed the greater of
(x) $15.0 million or (y) 1.00% of the Consolidated Total Assets at the time of
such Investment (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at
the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value);
 provided ,  however , that if any Investment pursuant to this clause
(16) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings at
the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have
been made pursuant to clause (1) above and shall cease to have been made
pursuant to this clause (16);  
 (17)     
Investments received in compromise or resolution of litigation, arbitration or
other disputes;  
 (18)     
Investments by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of deposits,
prepayment and other credits to suppliers or lessors in the ordinary course of
business; 
 -35-  

(19)      any Investment acquired by
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries:  
 (a)      consisting of extensions of
credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the
grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business;  
 (b)      in exchange for any other
Investment or accounts receivable, endorsements for collection or deposit held
by Holdings or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result
of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of
such other Investment or accounts receivable (including any trade creditor or
customer); or  
 (c)      as a result of a
foreclosure by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to
any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured
Investment in default;  
 (20)      Investments the payment
for which consists of Equity Interests (exclusive of Disqualified Stock) of
Holdings;  provided ,  however , that such Equity Interests will not
increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (3) of
 Section 9.5(a)  hereof;  
 (21)     
Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies,
material, services, equipment or other assets or purchases of contract rights or
licenses or contributions of intellectual property, in each case, in the
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;  
 (22)     
obligations or commitments to public utilities or to any municipalities or
governmental or other public authorities in connection with the maintenance of
or supply of services or utilities to Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (23) Investments in
prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility
and workers compensation, performance and similar deposits entered into as a
result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practice;  
 (24)     
Investments consisting of promissory notes issued by the Borrower or any
Guarantor to future, present or former officers, directors and employees,
members of management, or consultants of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or
their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or
redemption of Equity Interests of Holdings, to the extent the applicable
Restricted Payment is a permitted by  Section 9.5  hereof;  
 (25)     
Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in
connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or
in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers
and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other
transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment;  
 (26)      Investments in joint
ventures of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries existing on the
Closing Date in an amount having an aggregate fair market value not to exceed
$10 million at any one time outstanding (with the fair market value of each
Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value); and 
 -36-  

(27)      Investments made in
connection with crop financing and related activities, including advances or
loans to growers, (i) in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice (which shall not be limited in amount) plus (ii) in an amount having an
aggregate fair market value not to exceed $10 million at any one time
outstanding (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at the
time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value). 
 For purposes of this definition,
in the event that a proposed Investment (or portion thereof) meets the criteria
of more than one of the categories of Permitted Investments described in clauses
(1) through (27) above, or is otherwise entitled to be incurred or made pursuant
to  Section 9.5 , Holdings will be entitled to classify, or later
reclassify, such Investment (or portion thereof) in one or more of such
categories set forth under  Section 9.5  hereof;  
   Permitted Liens   shall
mean, with respect to any Person:  
 (1)      Liens securing the Loans
and the related Guarantees; 
  (2)     
Liens securing (x) Indebtedness and other Obligations permitted to be incurred
under Credit Facilities, including any letter of credit facility relating
thereto, that was incurred pursuant to clause (1) of  Section 9.7(b)  and
(y) obligations of Holdings or any Subsidiary in respect of any Bank Products or
Hedging Obligations provided by any arranger, agent or lender party to any
Credit Facility or any Affiliate of such arranger, agent or lender (or any
Person that was an arranger, agent or lender or an Affiliate of an arranger,
agent or lender at the time the applicable agreements pursuant to which such
Bank Products or Hedging Obligations are provided or were entered into);
 provided ,  however , that the holders of such Indebtedness and/or
obligations (or their respective duly appointed representative) shall, to the
extent not then a party to the Intercreditor Agreement, execute a joinder to the
Intercreditor Agreement in the form attached thereto agreeing to be bound
thereby;  
 (3)      pledges, deposits or
security by such Person under workmen s compensation laws, unemployment
insurance, employers  health tax, and other social security laws or similar
legislation or other insurance related obligations (including, but not limited
to, in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and
adjustments thereto) or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in
respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance
carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance, or good faith
deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment
of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to
secure public or statutory or similar obligations of such Person or deposits of
cash or U.S. government bonds to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such
Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties
or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of
business (including Liens to secure letters of credit issued to assure payment
of such obligations);  
 (4)      Liens
imposed by law, such as landlords , carriers , warehousemen s, materialmen s,
repairmen s, mechanics  and similar Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue
for a period of more than 90 days or remain payable without penalty or being
contested in good faith by appropriate actions if adequate reserves with respect
thereto are maintained on the book of such person in accordance with GAAP or
other Liens arising out of judgments or awards not constituting an Event of
Default under this Agreement;  
 (5)      Liens for taxes,
assessments or other governmental charges not yet overdue or not yet payable or
subject to penalties for nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith
by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate
reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in
accordance with GAAP;  
 -37-  

(6)      Liens in favor of issuers
of performance, surety, bid, indemnity, warranty, release, appeal or similar
bonds or with respect to other regulatory requirements or letters of credit or
bankers acceptances issued, and completion guarantees provided for, in each
case, issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in
the ordinary course of its business or consistent with past practice prior to
the Closing Date;  
 (7)      Liens securing Obligations
relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (4),
(10), (11), (15), (16) or (23) of  Section 9.7(b)    and;
 provided  that (a) Liens securing Obligations relating to any
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock to be incurred pursuant to
clause (4) or (23) of  Section 9.7(b)  extend only to the assets so
purchased, leased or improved and any accessions or extensions thereof; (b)
Liens securing Obligations relating to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (10) of  Section
9.7(b)  relate only to Obligations relating to Refinancing Indebtedness that
(i) is secured by Liens on the same assets as the assets securing the
Refinancing Indebtedness (other than after-acquired property that is (A) affixed
or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) after-acquired
property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms of which
Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property (it being
understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property
to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) and
(C) the proceeds and products thereof) or (ii) extends, replaces, refunds,
refinances, renews or defeases Indebtedness incurred or Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock issued under clauses (3) (solely to the extent such Indebtedness
was secured by a Lien prior to such refinancing), (4), (15), (16) or (23)
(solely to the extent such Indebtedness was secured by a Lien prior to such
refinancing) of the  Section 9.7(b)  and (c) Liens securing Indebtedness
permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (11)(y) of  Section 9.7(b) 
shall only be permitted if such Liens are limited to all or part of the same
property or assets, including Capital Stock (plus improvements, accessions,
proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof, or replacements of
any thereof) acquired, or of any Person acquired or merged or consolidated with
or into Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary, in any transaction to which such
Indebtedness relates;  
 (8)      Liens
existing on the Closing Date or pursuant to agreements in existence on the
Closing Date (which may include Liens on after-acquired property that is (A)
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B)
after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms
of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property (it
being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any
property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such
acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof), including Liens
securing any Refinancing Indebtedness secured by such Liens;  
 (9)      (a) Liens on property or
shares of stock or other assets of a Person at the time such Person becomes a
Subsidiary; provided that such Liens are not created or incurred in connection
with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary;
 provided ,  further , that such Liens may not extend to any other
property or other assets owned by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
(other than after-acquired property that is (A) affixed or incorporated into the
property covered by such Lien, (B) after-acquired property subject to a Lien
securing such Indebtedness, the terms of which Indebtedness require or include a
pledge of after-acquired property (it being understood that such requirement
shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would
not have applied but for such acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof); and (b) Liens on
property or other assets at the time Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary
acquired the property or such other assets, including any acquisition by means
of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that such Liens are not created or incurred in
connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition, amalgamation, merger
or consolidation;  provided ,  further , that the Liens may not extend
to any other property owned by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;  
 -38-  

(10)      Liens or deposits securing
Obligations relating to any Indebtedness or other obligations of a Restricted
Subsidiary owing to Holdings or another Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be
incurred in accordance with  Section 9.7  hereof;  
 (11)      Liens securing (x) Hedging
Obligations; provided that, with respect to Hedging Obligations relating to
Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is, and is permitted to be under this Agreement,
secured by a Lien on the same property securing such Hedging Obligations and (y)
obligations in respect of Bank Products;  
 (12)      Liens to secure any
modification, refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or
successive refinancing, refunding, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a
whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the
foregoing clauses (7), (8), (9), this clause (12) and clause (17) hereof;
provided that (a) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same
property that secured the original Lien (plus accessions, additions and
improvements on such property (other than after-acquired property that is (A)
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B)
after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms
of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property (it
being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any
property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such
acquisition) and (C) the proceeds and products thereof)), and (b) the
Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount
greater than the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater
committed amount, of the Indebtedness described under clauses (7), (8), (9),
this clause (12) and clause (17) hereof at the time the original Lien became a
Permitted Lien under this Agreement, and (ii) an amount necessary to pay any
fees and expenses, including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar
fees and premiums (including tender premiums and accrued and unpaid interest),
related to such modification, refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or
replacement;  
 (13)     
Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements
permitted under Section 9.7 hereof; provided that such Liens do not extend to
any assets other than those that are the subject of such repurchase agreement;
 
 (14)      any encumbrance or
restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to capital stock
of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or
similar agreement;  
 (15)      Liens arising out of
conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements with
vendors for the sale or purchase of goods entered into by Holdings or any
Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;  
 (16)      Liens solely on any cash
earnest money deposits made by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in
connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted under this
Agreement; 
 -39-  

(17)      Liens securing Permitted
Additional Parity Debt; 
 (18)      easements, rights-of-way,
encroachments, covenants, conditions, zoning and other restrictions, minor
defects or other irregularities in title, and other similar encumbrances which,
either individually or in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and
which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property
subject thereto or interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct
of the businesses of Holdings;  
 (19)      any interest or title of a
lessor or sublessor under any lease permitted by this Agreement;  
 (20)      Liens arising from UCC (or
equivalent statute) financing statement filings regarding operating leases or
consignments entered into by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of
precautionary UCC (or equivalent statute) financing statements or similar public
filings;  
 (21)      licenses and sublicenses
granted by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary and leases and subleases (by
Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary as lessor or sublessor) to third parties
in the ordinary course of business not materially interfering with the business
of Holdings;  
 (22)     
Liens in favor of collecting banks arising by operation of law under Section
4-210 of the UCC (or equivalent statute) or, with respect to collecting banks
located in the State of New York, under Section 4-208 of the UCC (or equivalent
statute);  
 (23)      Liens that are contractual
rights of set-off or rights of pledge (a) relating to the establishment of
depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of
Indebtedness, (b) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of Holdings or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or
similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of Holdings and
the Restricted Subsidiaries or (c) relating to purchase orders and other
agreements entered into with customers of Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;  
 (24)      Liens in favor of customs
and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law which secure payment of
customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary
course of business;  
 (25)      Liens securing financings
of insurance premiums, which such Liens attach solely to the insurance policies
financed and the proceeds thereof;  
 (26)     
Liens on brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business securing
obligations to settle trades made by Holdings or the Restricted Subsidiaries;
 
 (27)      the rights reserved to or
vested in municipalities or governmental or other public authorities or agencies
by statutory provisions or by the terms of leases, licenses, franchises, grants
or permits, which affect any land to terminate any such leases, licenses,
franchises, grants or permits or to require annual or other payments as a
condition to the continuance thereof;  
 (28)      deposits with public
utilities or to any municipalities or governmental or other public authorities
when required by the utility, municipality, governmental or other public
authority in connection with the supply of services or utilities to Holdings or
any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 -40-  

(29)      Liens arising from
precautionary UCC financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered
into by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business;  
 (30)      Liens in favor of Holdings
or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (31)      Liens on cash, Cash
Equivalents or other property arising in connection with the defeasance or
discharge of Indebtedness, provided that such defeasance or discharge is not
prohibited by this Agreement;  
 (32)      customary Liens granted in
favor of a trustee to secure fees and other amounts owing to such trustee under
an indenture or other agreement pursuant to which Indebtedness not prohibited by
this Agreement is issued;  
 (33)      other Liens securing
obligations in an aggregate amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed
$20.0 million;  
 (34)      Liens on specific items of
inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person s
accounts payable or similar trade obligations in respect of bankers  acceptances
or documentary letters of credit issued or created for the account of such
Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or
other goods;  
 (35)      Liens on equipment of
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of
business to Holdings  clients;  
 (36)      Liens encumbering
reasonable customary deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to
commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary
course of business and not for speculative purposes;  
 (37)      Liens securing obligations
owed by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary to any lender under the North
American ABL Facility or any Affiliate of such a lender in respect of any
overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash
management services or any automated clearing house transfers of funds;  
 (38)     
ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries are located;  
 (39)     
Liens on Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure Indebtedness or
other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary; and  
 (40)     
Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in
an Investment permitted under this Agreement to be applied against the purchase
price for such Investment. 
 For purposes of this definition,
the term  Indebtedness  shall be deemed to include interest on such
Indebtedness. For purposes of determining compliance with this definition, (a)
Permitted Liens (other than Liens incurred pursuant to clause (17) above) need
not be incurred solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described
above but are permitted to be incurred in part under any combination thereof and
(b) in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) (other than a Lien
incurred pursuant to clause (17) above) meets the criteria of one or more
categories of Permitted Liens described above, Holdings shall, in its sole
discretion, classify (or later reclassify) such item of Permitted Liens (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this
definition and will only be required to include the amount and type of such item
of Permitted Liens in one of the above clauses and such Lien will be treated as
having been incurred pursuant to only one of such clauses.  
 -41-  

Person   shall any
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership (including a
limited partnership), joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust,
unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or any other entity.  
   Personal Property
Collateral   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.17  hereof.
 
        PIPE           
Securities  shall mean up to US$85.0 million of Series A exchangeable preferred
shares or other Preferred Stock issued or to be issued by the Borrower and
exchangeable for Capital Stock of Holdings, the net proceeds of which PIPE
Securities are applied to repay or prepay Senior Interim Loans, Senior Term
Loans, Senior Notes or Senior Take-out Notes.     
   Plan   shall mean any
multiemployer or single-employer plan, as defined in Section 4001 of ERISA and
subject to Title IV of ERISA, that is or was within any of the preceding six
plan years maintained or contributed to by (or to which there is or was an
obligation to contribute or to make payments to) the Borrower or an ERISA
Affiliate.  
   Platform   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 13.18(c) .  
   PPSA   means the
 Personal Property Security Act  (Ontario) and/or any other comparable act
in force in another Canadian province (including Quebec) that is applicable to
the Collateral, as in effect from time to time. 
   Preferred Stock   shall
mean any Equity Interest with preferential rights of payment of dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up.  
   Preliminary Offering
Memorandum   shall mean the preliminary confidential offering memorandum of
the Borrower dated September 28, 2015.  
   Prepayment Event   shall
mean any issuance or incurrence by Holdings or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries of any (i) Indebtedness (excluding any Indebtedness permitted to be
issued or incurred under  Section 9.7(b)  hereof other than in the case of
 Section 9.7(b)(14)  hereof with respect to any refinancing of Senior
Indebtedness incurred under  Section 9.7(b)(2) ) or (ii) Equity Offering
(together with any equity issuance excluded from such definition pursuant to
clause (7) of the definition thereof).  
   prime rate   shall mean
the  prime rate  referred to in the definition of  ABR.   
    Purchase and Sale
Agreement   shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this
Agreement.  
   Purchase Money
Obligations   mean Indebtedness incurred to finance or refinance the
acquisition or leasing by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary of such asset,
including additions and improvements or the installation, construction,
improvement or restoration of such asset and whether acquired through the direct
acquisition of such property or assets, or otherwise (including through the
purchase of Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets);
provided that any Lien arising in connection with any such Indebtedness shall be
limited to the specified asset being financed or, in the case of real property
or fixtures, including additions and improvements, the real property on which
such asset is attached; provided further that such Indebtedness is incurred
within 365 days after such acquisition or lease of, or the completion of construction of,
such asset by Holdings or Restricted Subsidiary.  
 -42-  

Qualified Proceeds   shall
the fair market value of assets that are used or useful in, or Capital Stock of
any Person engaged in, a Similar Business.  
   Rating Agencies   shall
mean Moody s and S P or if Moody s or S P or both shall not make a
rating on the applicable security or other investment publicly available, a
nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be,
selected by Holdings which shall be substituted for Moody s or S P or both,
as the case may be.  
   Refunding Capital Stock  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.5(b)(2)(a)  hereof.  
   Register   shall have the
meaning provided in Section 13.6(b)(iv) hereof.  
   Registered Intellectual
Property   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.13  hereof.
 
    Regulation T   shall mean
Regulation T of the Board of Governors as from time to time in effect and any
successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements.  
   Regulation U   shall mean
Regulation U of the Board of Governors as from time to time in effect and any
successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements.  
   Regulation X   shall mean
Regulation X of the Board of Governors as from time to time in effect and any
successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements.  
   Related Business Assets  
shall mean assets (other than Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar
Business,  provided  that any assets received by Holdings or a Restricted
Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by Holdings or a Restricted
Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of
securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person,
such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary.  
   Related Parties   shall
mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the
directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and
any Person that possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the
ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.  
   Reportable Event   shall
mean an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations thereunder,
other than any event as to which the thirty day notice period has been waived.
 
   Reporting Jurisdiction  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.3  hereof.  
    Required Lenders   shall
mean, at any date, Non-Defaulting Lenders having or holding a majority of the
Loans (excluding the Loans of Defaulting Lenders) in the aggregate at such date.
 
   Requirement of Law   shall
mean, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other
organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule
or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its
property or assets or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is
subject.  
 -43-  

Restricted Investment  
shall mean an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.  
   Restricted
  Payment   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.5  hereof.  
   Restricted Subsidiary  
shall mean, at any time, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings that is
not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that upon an Unrestricted
Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be
included in the definition of  Restricted Subsidiary.  The Borrower shall at all
times be a Restricted Subsidiary.  
   S P   shall mean
Standard   Poor s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any
successor to its rating agency business.  
   Sale and Lease-Back
Transaction   means any arrangement providing for the leasing by Holdings or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal property,
which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by Holdings or such
Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person in contemplation of such leasing.  
   Sanctions   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 8.22  hereof.  
   Sanctioned Country   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 8.22  hereof.   SEC   shall mean
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   Secured Debt Documents  
means collectively, the ABL Debt Documents and the Parity Lien Documents. 
   Secured Indebtedness  
shall mean any Indebtedness Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
secured by a Lien.  
   Secured Obligations  
means Obligations under the Loan Documents.  
   Secured Parties   means,
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and each other
holder of, or oblige in respect of, any Secured Obligations in respect of the
Loans outstanding at any such time.  
   Securities Act   shall
mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder.  
   Security Agreements  
means the U.S. Security Agreement and each other security document, dated as of
the Closing Date or thereafter, among the Borrower, Holdings, the other grantors
party thereto and/or the Collateral Agent, as each may be amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with this Agreement.  
   Senior Fixed Rate   shall
mean 9.5%  per annum .  
   Senior Indebtedness  
means: 
 (1)      all Indebtedness of the
Borrower or any Guarantor outstanding under the North American ABL Facility and
the Notes and related Guarantees (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar
proceeding or for reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor (at the rate
provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or
not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any
and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts,
penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Closing Date or thereafter
created or incurred) and all obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor to
reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of
credit, acceptances or other similar instruments;  
 -44-  

(2)      all
(x) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (y) obligations in respect
of Bank Products (and guarantees thereof) owing to a lender under the North
American ABL Facility or any Affiliate of such lender (or any Person that was a
lender or an Affiliate of such lender at the time the applicable agreement
giving rise to such Hedging Obligation was entered into); provided, that such
Hedging Obligations and obligations in respect of Bank Products, as the case may
be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement;  
 (3)      any
other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor permitted to be incurred
under the terms of this Agreement, unless the instrument under which such
Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is or subordinated in right
of payment to the Notes or any related Guarantee; and  
 (4)      all
Obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (1), (2)
and (3); provided that Senior Indebtedness shall not include:  
 (a)      any obligation of such
Person to Holdings or any of Holding s Subsidiaries;  
 (b)      any
liability for federal, state, provincial, local or other taxes owed or owing by
such Person;  
 (c)      any accounts payable or
other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
 (d)      any Indebtedness or other
Obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in any respect to any
other Indebtedness or other Obligation of such Person; or  
 (e)      that portion of any
Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of this
Agreement.  
   Senior Interim Loan
Commitment   shall mean (a) in the case of each Lender that is a Lender on
the date hereof, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on  Schedule
1.1(a)  hereto as such Lender s  Senior Interim Loan Commitment  and (b) in
the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the date hereof, the amount
specified as such Lender s  Senior Interim Loan Commitment  in the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed a portion of the total
Senior Interim Loan Commitment, in each case as the same may be changed from
time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate amount of the Senior
Interim Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is $330,000,000.  
   Senior Interim Loans  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.1(a)  hereof.  
 -45-  

Senior Interim Loans
Requested Amount   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 2.3(a) 
hereof.  
   Senior Loans   shall mean
Senior Interim Loans and/or Senior Term Loans, as the context requires.  
   Senior Notes   shall mean
senior notes due 2022, to be issued in connection with the exchange for the
Senior Term Loans under the Senior Refinancing Indenture, in an aggregate
principal amount of up to $330,000,000 (less the amount of any Senior Take-out
Notes and any Senior Interim Loans and Senior Term Loans that remain outstanding
after the issuance of the Senior Notes), together with interest, fees and all
other amounts payable in connection therewith, and for purposes of  Section
5.2  hereof, any senior debt securities issued in connection with the
refinancing of the Senior Interim Loans.  
   Senior Refinancing
Indenture   shall mean the indenture pursuant to which the Senior Notes shall
be issued, to be entered into in connection with the exchange of the Senior Term
Loans, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and a trustee, having terms
substantially as set forth in the form of indenture attached as  Exhibit B 
hereto and as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance therewith.  
    Senior Take-out Notes  
shall have the meaning provided in the recitals to this Agreement.  
   Senior Take-out Notes
Indenture   shall have the meaning provided in the recitals to this
Agreement.  
   Senior Take-out Notes
Offering   shall have the meaning provided in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
   Senior Unsecured
Indebtedness   of a Person shall mean any Indebtedness of such Person that
ranks pari passu in right of payment with the Loans, but is not secured by a
Lien on any assets of such Person or its Affiliates.  
   Senior Term Loans   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 2.14(a)  hereof.  
    Significant Subsidiary  
shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a  significant subsidiary  as
defined in Article 1, Rule 1 02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Closing Date.  
   Similar Business   shall
mean (1) any business engaged or proposed to be engaged in by Holdings or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and any reasonable extension
thereof, and (2) any business or other activities that are reasonably similar,
ancillary, incidental, complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension,
development or expansion of, the businesses in which Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries are engaged or proposed to be engaged on the Closing Date.  
   Specified Discount   shall
have the meaning provided in Section 5.1(b)(ii) hereof.  
   Specified Discount Prepayment
Amount   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(b)(ii)  hereof.
 
 -46-  

Specified Discount Prepayment
Response   means the irrevocable written response by each Lender, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to a
Specified Discount Prepayment Notice.  
   Specified Discount Prepayment
Response Date   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(b)(ii) 
hereof.  
   Specified Discount
Proration   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(b)(iv) 
hereof.  
   Specified
Representations   shall mean the representations and warranties with respect
to the Borrower set forth in  Sections 8.1  (with respect to the Loan
Parties),  8.2 ,  8.3(b) ,  8.5 ,  8.7 ,  8.17, 
 8.18 ,  8.21  (with respect to the incurrence of the Loans and the
use of proceeds thereof) and  8.22  (with respect to the incurrence of the
Loans and the use of proceeds thereof) of this Agreement.  
   SPV   shall have the
meaning provided in  Section 13.6(g)  hereof.  
   Subordinated
Indebtedness   shall mean, with respect to the Loans,  
 (1)      any Indebtedness of
Holdings which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes,
and  
 (2)      any Indebtedness of any
Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the
Guarantee of such entity of the Notes. 
   Subsidiary   shall mean,
with respect to any Person:  
 (1)      any
corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership,
joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than
50.0% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of
directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other
Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and  
 (2)      any
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which
 
 (a)      more than 50.0% of the
capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or
general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other
Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of
membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and  
 (b)      such Person or any
Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or
otherwise controls such entity. 
   Subsidiary Guarantor  
means each Subsidiary of Holdings, if any, that Guarantees the Loans in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
   Successor Company   shall
have the meaning provided in  Section 9.14(a)(1)  hereof.  
 -47-  

Target   shall mean
Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc.  
   Taxes   shall mean any and
all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, deductions,
withholdings or other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority
whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis
and any interest, fines, penalties or additions to tax with respect to the
foregoing.  
   Transaction Expenses  
shall mean any fees or expenses incurred or paid by Holdings or any Restricted
Subsidiary in connection with the Transactions (including payments to officers,
employees and directors as change of control payments, severance payments,
special or retention bonuses and charges for repurchase or rollover of, or
modifications to, stock options, expenses in connection with hedging
transactions related to the North American ABL Facility and any original issue
discount or upfront fees) and this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby.  
   Transactions   shall mean,
collectively, the Acquisition, the issuance of the Senior Interim Loans and the
Guarantees thereof on the Closing Date, the borrowings under the North American
ABL Facility on the Closing Date, the Common Stock Offering, the Debt Repayment,
the payment of the Transaction Expenses, the Take-out Notes Offering and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Loan Documents
(including the Closing Date Loans) and the other transactions in connection
therewith or incidental thereto.  
   Transferee   shall have the meaning provided in Section
13.6(e) hereof.  
   Treasury Capital Stock  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.5(b)(2)(a)  hereof.  
   Trustee   shall have the
meaning provided in Section 2.14(b)(iv) hereof.  
   Type   shall mean as to
any Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan or a LIBOR Loan.  
   UCC   or   Uniform
Commercial Code   means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to
time in the State of New York;  provided ,  however , that, at any
time, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the perfection
or priority of the Collateral Agent s security interest in any item or portion
of the Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a
jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term  UCC  or  Uniform
Commercial Code  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect, at such
time, in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating
to such perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such
provisions.  
   Unrestricted Subsidiary  
shall mean:  
 (1)      Opta Minerals Inc. and its
Subsidiaries; 
 (2)      any
Subsidiary of Holdings which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted
Subsidiary (as designated by Holdings, as provided below); and  
 (3)      any
Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Holdings may designate any
Subsidiary of Holdings other than the Borrower (including any existing
Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary) to be an
Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns
any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on, any property of, Holdings or any
Subsidiary of Holdings (other than solely any Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be
so designated); provided that:  
 -48-  

(1)      any Unrestricted Subsidiary
must be an entity of which the Equity Interests entitled to cast at least a
majority of the votes that may be cast by all Equity Interests having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors or Persons performing a similar
function are owned, directly or indirectly, by Holdings;  
 (2)      such
designation complies with Section 9.5 hereof; and  
 (3)      each
of (a) the Subsidiary to be so designated and (b) its Subsidiaries has not, at
the time of designation, and does not thereafter, create, incur, issue, assume,
guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any
Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender has recourse to any of the assets of
Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Holdings may designate any
Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that,
immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing and either (a) Holdings could incur at least $1.00 of
additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Test; or (b) the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries would
be equal to or greater than such ratio for Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries immediately prior to such designation, in each case, on a pro forma
basis taking into account such designation. 
 Any such designation by Holdings
shall be notified by Holdings to the Administrative Agent by promptly filing
with the Administrative Agent a copy of the resolution of the board of directors
of Holdings or any committee thereof giving effect to such designation and an
Officer s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the
foregoing provisions. 
   U.S.   or   United
States   shall mean the United States of America.  
   U.S. Lender   shall have
the meaning provided in  Section 5.4(h)  hereof.  
   U.S. Security Agreement  
shall mean the Second Lien Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date,
among the Borrower, Holdings the other grantors party thereto and the Collateral
Agent, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.  
   Voting Stock   of any
Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time
entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors of such Person.  
   Weighted Average Life to
Maturity   shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the quotient obtained by
dividing:  
 (1)       the sum of the products of the number of years from the date of
  determination to the date of each successive scheduled principal payment of such
  Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Disqualified
  Stock or Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount of such payment; by 
  (2)       the
sum of all such payments; 
 -49-  

provided, that for purposes of
determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness that is
being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased (the
  Applicable Indebtedness  ), the effects of any amortization or
prepayments made on such Applicable Indebtedness prior to the date of the
applicable extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance
shall be disregarded. 
   Wholly-Owned Subsidiary  
of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0% of the outstanding
Equity Interests of which (other than directors  qualifying shares and shares
issued to foreign nationals as required by applicable law) shall at the time be
owned by such Person and/or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such
Person.  
 1.2.       Other
Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other
Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:
 
 (a)      The
meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural
forms of the defined terms.  
 (b)      The words  herein ,
 hereto ,  hereof  and  hereunder  and words of similar import when used in any
Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any
particular provision thereof.  
 (c)      Article, Section, Exhibit
and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference
appears.  
 (d)      The term  including  is by
way of example and not limitation.  
 (e)      The term  documents 
includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices,
reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in
physical or electronic form.  
 (f)      In the computation of
periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from 
shall mean  from and including  the words  to  and  until  each shall mean  to
but excluding  and the word  through  shall mean  to and including.   
 (g)      Section headings herein and
in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and
shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document.  
 (h)      Any reference to any Person
shall be constructed to include such Person s successors or assigns (subject to
any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any
Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have
succeeded to any or all of the functions thereof.  
 (i) Whenever the context may require,
any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter
forms.  
 (j) The word  will  shall be construed
to have the same meaning as the word  shall .  
 -50-  

(k)      The
words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and
effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and
properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.  
 (l)      Any
definition of, or reference to, any agreement, instrument or other document
herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other
document as amended, restated, amended and restated, renewed, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.  
 (m)      To
the extent any provision of the Senior Refinancing Indenture is deemed to be
incorporated and set forth in this Agreement, (i) any reference to the  Issuer 
in the Senior Refinancing Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference to the
Borrower, (ii) any reference to the  Company  in the Senior Refinancing
Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference to Holdings, (iii) any reference to
a  Holder  in the Senior Refinancing Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference
to a Lender, (iv) any reference to the  Trustee  in the Senior Refinancing
Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference to the Administrative Agent, (v) any
reference to the  Notes  in the Senior Refinancing Indenture shall be deemed to
be a reference to the Loans, (vi) any reference to  this Indenture  in the
Senior Refinancing Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference to this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, in each case as the context may require and (vii)
any reference to the  Notes Collateral Agent  in the Senior Refinancing
Indenture shall be deemed to be a reference to the Collateral Agent.  
 1.3.       Accounting
Terms . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein
shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including
financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted
pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP.  
 1.4.       Rounding .
Any financial ratios required to be maintained or complied with by the Borrower
pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific
action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the
appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place
more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and
rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if
there is no nearest number).  
 1.5.       References
to Agreements, Laws, Etc . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a)
references to organizational documents, agreements (including the Loan
Documents) shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements,
amendment and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications
thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, amendment
and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted
by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Requirement of Law shall include
all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing,
supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law.  
 1.6.       [Reserved]  
 SECTION
2.       Amount and Terms of Credit   
 2.1.        Commitments .  
 (a)      Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, each Lender having a
Senior Interim Loan Commitment severally agrees to make a loan or loans (each a
  Senior Interim Loan  ) in a single draw on the Closing Date to the
Borrower in Dollars, which Senior Interim Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender the Senior Interim Loan
Commitment of such Lender and in the aggregate shall not exceed
$330,000,000. 
 -51-  

Such Senior Interim Loans (i)
shall be incurred and maintained (except as provided in  Section 2.6  and
 2.10  hereof) as LIBOR Loans, (ii) may be repaid or prepaid in accordance
with the provisions hereof, but once repaid or prepaid, may not be reborrowed,
(iii) shall not exceed for any such Lender the Senior Interim Loan Commitment of
such Lender and (iv) shall not exceed in the aggregate the Total Senior Interim
Loan Commitment.  
 On the Maturity Date, the
Borrower shall repay all then unpaid Loans in full in Dollars.  
 (b)      Each Lender may at its
option make any LIBOR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or
Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan,  provided  that (A) any
exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay
such Loan and (B) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use its
reasonable efforts to minimize any increased costs to the Borrower resulting
therefrom (which obligation of the Lender shall not require it to take, or
refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs
for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it determines would be
otherwise disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for
which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of
 Section 2.10  hereof shall apply).  
 2.2.       Maximum
Number of Borrowings . More than one Borrowing may be incurred on any date,
 provided  that at no time shall there be outstanding more than ten
Borrowings of LIBOR Loans under this Agreement.  
 2.3.       Notice
of Borrowing .  
 (a)      The
Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s
Office prior to 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of Borrowing prior
written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of the
Borrowing of the Senior Interim Loans. Such notice (a   Notice of
Borrowing  ) shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Senior
Interim Loans to be borrowed (the   Senior Interim Loans Requested
Amount  ) (such Senior Interim Loans Requested Amount not to exceed the
aggregate Senior Interim Loan Commitments of all Lenders), (ii) the date of the
Borrowing (which shall be the Closing Date) and (iii) the Interest Period to be
initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give each
Lender written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of
the proposed Borrowing of Senior Interim Loans, of such Lender s proportionate
share thereof and of the other matters covered by the related Notice of
Borrowing.  
 (b)     
Without in any way limiting the obligation of the Borrower to confirm in writing
any notice it may give hereunder by telephone, the Administrative Agent may act
prior to receipt of written confirmation without liability upon the basis of
such telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be
from an Officer of the Borrower.  
 2.4.       Disbursement
of Funds .  
 (a)      No
later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of the Borrowing or such
earlier time as may be agreed among the Lenders, the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent for the purpose of consummating the Transactions each
Lender will make available its  pro rata  portion of each Borrowing
requested.  
 -52-  

(b)     
Each Lender shall make available all amounts it is to fund to the Borrower under
the Borrowing for its applicable Senior Interim Loan Commitments, and in
immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative
Agent s Office and the Administrative Agent will make available to the Borrower,
by depositing to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent the aggregate of the amounts so made available in Dollars. Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the date of
the Borrowing that such Lender does not intend to make available to the
Administrative Agent its portion of the Borrowing to be made on such date, the
Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available
to the Administrative Agent on the date of the Borrowing, and the Administrative
Agent, in reliance upon such assumption, may (in its sole discretion and without
any obligation to do so) make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.
If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative
Agent by such Lender and the Administrative Agent has made available such amount
to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such
corresponding amount from such Lender. If such Lender does not pay such
corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor
the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower
shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent in
Dollars. The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such
Lender or the Borrower interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each
day from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the
Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such corresponding amount is
recovered by the Administrative Agent, at a rate  per annum  equal to (i)
if paid by such Lender, the Overnight Rate or (ii) if paid by the Borrower, the
then-applicable rate of interest or fees, calculated in accordance with
 Section 2.8  hereof, for the respective Loans.  
 (c)     
Nothing in this  Section 2.4  shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from
its obligation to, fulfill its commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights
that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such
Lender hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be
responsible for the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its commitments
hereunder).  
 2.5.       Repayment
of Loans; Evidence of Debt .  
 (a)     
The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the
Lenders, on the Maturity Date, the then-outstanding Loans, in Dollars.  
 (b)     
Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or
accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to the appropriate lending
office of such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such lending office of
such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest
payable and paid to such lending office of such Lender from time to time under
this Agreement.  
 (c)     
The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Borrower, shall maintain the Register
pursuant to  Section 13.6(b)(iv)  hereof, and a subaccount for each Lender,
in which Register and subaccounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the
amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type of each Loan made and the Interest
Period, if any, applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest
due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender
hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent
hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof.  
 (d)     
The entries made in the Register and accounts and subaccounts maintained
pursuant to  clauses (b)  and  (c)  of this  Section 2.5  shall,
to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be  prima facie 
evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded;  provided ,  however ,
that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such
account, such Register or such subaccount, as applicable, or any error therein,
shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with
applicable interest) the Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.  
 -53-  

2.6.       Conversions
and Continuations .  
 (a)     
Subject to the penultimate sentence of this clause (a), (i) the Borrower shall
have the option on any Business Day to convert all or a portion equal to at
least $500,000 (and multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof) of the outstanding
principal amount of Senior Interim Loans of one Type into a Borrowing or
Borrowings of another Type and (ii) the Borrower shall have the option on any
Business Day to continue the outstanding principal amount of any LIBOR Loans as
LIBOR Loans for an additional Interest Period;  provided  that (A) no
partial conversion of LIBOR Loans shall reduce the outstanding principal amount
of LIBOR Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing to less than the $500,000,
(B) ABR Loans may not be converted into LIBOR Loans if an Event of Default is in
existence on the date of the conversion and the Administrative Agent has or the
Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit
such conversion, (C) LIBOR Loans may not be continued as LIBOR Loans for an
additional Interest Period if an Event of Default is in existence on the date of
the proposed continuation and the Administrative Agent has or the Required
Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such
continuation, and (D) Borrowings resulting from conversions pursuant to this
 Section 2.6  shall be limited in number as provided in  Section 2.2 .
Each such conversion or continuation shall be effected by the Borrower by giving
the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office prior to 1:00 p.m.
(New York City time) at least (1) three Business Days  prior written notice (or
telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing), in the case of a continuation
of LIBOR Loans or (2) one Business Day s prior written notice (or telephonic
notice promptly confirmed in writing), in the case of a conversion into ABR
Loans (each, a   Notice of Conversion or Continuation  ) specifying the
Senior Interim Loans to be so converted or continued, the Type of Senior Interim
Loans to be converted into or continued and, if such Senior Interim Loans are to
be converted into or continued as LIBOR Loans, the Interest Period to be
initially applicable thereto (if no Interest Period is selected, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration).
The Administrative Agent shall give each applicable Lender notice as promptly as
practicable of any such proposed conversion or continuation affecting any of its
Senior Interim Loans.  
 (b)     
If any Event of Default is in existence at the time of any proposed continuation
of any LIBOR Loans and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have
determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuation, such
LIBOR Loans shall be automatically converted on the last day of the current
Interest Period into ABR Loans. If upon the expiration of any Interest Period in
respect of LIBOR Loans, the Borrower has failed to elect a new Interest Period
to be applicable thereto as provided in clause (a) above, the Borrower shall be
deemed to have elected to continue such Borrowing of LIBOR Loans as a Borrowing
of LIBOR Loans with an Interest Period equal to the expired Interest Period,
effective as of the expiration date of such current Interest Period.  
 2.7.     
 Pro Rata Borrowings . Each Borrowing of Senior Interim Loans under this
Agreement shall be made by the Lenders  pro rata  on the basis of their
then-applicable Senior Interim Loan Commitments. It is understood that (a) no
Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its
obligation to make Loans hereunder and that each Lender severally but not
jointly shall be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it
hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its
commitments hereunder and (b) other than as expressly provided herein with
respect to a Defaulting Lender, failure by a Lender to perform any of its
obligations under any of the Loan Documents shall not release any Person from
performance of its obligation under any Loan Document.  
 -54-  

2.8.       Interest .
 
 (a)      The
unpaid principal amount of each Senior Interim Loan that is an ABR Loan shall
bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof
(whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all
times be equal to the lesser of (i) the Senior Fixed Rate and (ii) the
Applicable ABR Margin plus the ABR, in effect from time to time;  provided 
that, immediately upon the occurrence of a Demand Failure Event, the interest
rate on the Senior Loans shall increase to the Senior Fixed Rate.  
 (b)      The
unpaid principal amount of each Senior Interim Loan that is a LIBOR Loan shall
bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof
(whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate  per annum  that shall at
all times be equal to the lesser of (i) the Senior Fixed Rate and (ii) the
Applicable LIBOR Margin plus the relevant LIBOR Rate, in each case, in effect
from time to time;  provided  that, immediately upon the occurrence of a
Demand Failure Event, the interest rate on the Senior Loans shall increase to
the Senior Fixed Rate.  
 (c)      If
all or a portion of (i) the principal amount of any Loan or (ii) any interest
payable thereon shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate
 per annum  that is (the   Default Rate  ) (x) in the case of overdue
principal, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto  plus  2% or
(y) in the case of any overdue interest, to the extent permitted by Requirements
of Law, the rate described in  Section 2.8(a)  hereof  plus  2% from
the date of such non-payment to the date on which such amount is paid in full
(after as well as before judgment).  
 (d)      The
unpaid principal amount of each Senior Term Loan shall bear interest at the
Senior Fixed Rate.  
 (e)      Interest
on each Loan shall accrue from and including the date of any Borrowing to but
excluding the date of any repayment thereof and shall be payable in Dollars;
 provided  that any Loan that is repaid on the same date on which it is
made shall bear interest for one day. Except as provided below, interest shall
be payable (i) in respect of each ABR Loan, quarterly in arrears on the last
Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (ii) in respect of
each LIBOR Loan, on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto and,
in the case of an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each date
occurring at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period,
(iii) in respect of a Senior Term Loan, every quarter beginning with the last
business day of the first quarter following the Interim Loan Conversion Date,
(iv) in respect of each Senior Interim Loan, on the Interim Loan Conversion Date
and (v) in respect of each Loan, (A) on any prepayment (on the amount prepaid),
(B) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and (C) after such
maturity, on demand.  
 (f)      All
computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with  Section
5.5  hereof.  
 (g)      The
Administrative Agent, upon determining the interest rate for any Borrowing of
LIBOR Loans, shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders thereof. Each
such determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and
conclusive and binding on all parties hereto.  
 2.9.       Interest
Periods . At the time the Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of
Conversion or Continuation in respect of the making of, or conversion into or
continuation as, a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans in accordance with  Section
2.6(a) , the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or
telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of the Interest Period
applicable to such Borrowing, which Interest Period shall, at the option of the
Borrower be a one, two, three or six-month period or (if available to all the
Lenders making such LIBOR Loans as determined by such Lenders in good faith
based on prevailing market conditions) any period shorter than one month
requested by the Borrower.  
 -55-  

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained above:  
 (a)      the initial Interest Period
for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans shall commence on the date of such Borrowing
(including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of ABR Loans) and each
Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence
on the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires;  
 (b)      if
any Interest Period relating to a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans begins on the last
Business Day of a calendar month or begins on a day for which there is no
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest
Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar
month at the end of such Interest Period;  
 (c)      if any Interest Period
would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period
shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day,  provided  that if any
Interest Period in respect of a LIBOR Loan would otherwise expire on a day that
is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business
Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next
preceding Business Day; and  
 (d)      the Borrower shall not be
entitled to elect any Interest Period in respect of any LIBOR Loan if such
Interest Period would extend beyond the Interim Loan Conversion Date.  
 2.10.       Increased
Costs, Illegality, Etc . 
 (a)        In the event that (x) in the
case of clause (i) below, the Required Lenders or (y) in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) below, any Lender, shall have reasonably determined (which
determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive
and binding upon all parties hereto):  
 (i)      on any date for determining
the LIBOR Rate for any Interest Period prior to the earlier of (x) the
occurrence of a Demand Failure Event and (y) the Interim Loan Conversion Date
that (A) deposits in the principal amounts of the Senior Interim Loans
comprising such LIBOR Borrowing are not generally available in the relevant
market or (B) by reason of any changes arising on or after the Closing Date
affecting the interbank LIBOR market, adequate and fair means do not exist for
ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in the
definition of LIBOR Rate; or  
 (ii)      that, due to a Change in
Law occurring at any time or after the Closing Date and prior to the earlier of
(x) the occurrence of a Demand Failure Event and (y) the Interim Loan Conversion
Date, which Change in Law shall (A) impose, modify or deem applicable any
reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit
extended by, any Lender, (B) subject any Lender to any Tax with respect to any
Loan Document or any LIBOR Loan made by it (other than (i) Taxes indemnifiable
under  Section 5.4  or (ii) Excluded Taxes), or (C) impose on any Lender or
the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than
Taxes) affecting this Agreement or LIBOR Loans made by such Lender, which
results in the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or
maintaining LIBOR Loans hereunder increasing by an  amount which such Lender
reasonably deems material or the amounts received or receivable by such Lender
hereunder with respect to the foregoing shall be reduced; or   
 -56-  

(iii)      at any time prior to the
earlier of (x) the occurrence of a Demand Failure Event and (y) the Interim Loan
Conversion Date, that the making or continuance of any LIBOR Loan has become
unlawful as a result of compliance by such Lender in good faith with any
Requirement of Law (or would conflict with any such Requirement of Law not
having the force of law even though the failure to comply therewith would not be
unlawful); then, and in any such event, such Lender (or the Administrative
Agent, in the case of clause (i) above) shall within a reasonable time
thereafter give notice (if by telephone, confirmed in writing) to the Borrower
and to the Administrative Agent of such determination (which notice the
Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the other Lenders).
Thereafter (x) in the case of clause (i) above, LIBOR Loans shall no longer be
available until such time as the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and
the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice by the
Administrative Agent no longer exist (which notice the Administrative Agent
agrees to give at such time when such circumstances no longer exist), and any
Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion given by the Borrower with respect
to LIBOR Loans that have not yet been incurred shall be deemed rescinded by the
Borrower, (y) in the case of clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall pay to such
Lender, promptly (but no later than fifteen days) after receipt of written
demand therefor such additional amounts as shall be required to compensate such
Lender for such increased costs or reductions in amounts receivable hereunder
(it being agreed that a written notice as to the additional amounts owed to such
Lender, showing in reasonable detail the basis for the calculation thereof,
submitted to the Borrower by such Lender shall, absent clearly demonstrable
error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto) and (z) in
the case of clause (iii) above, the Borrower shall take one of the actions
specified in  Section 2.10 (b) as promptly as possible and, in any event,
within the time period required by applicable Requirements of Law.  
 (b)      At
any time that any LIBOR Loan is affected by the circumstances described in
 Section 2.10(a)(ii)  or  (iii) , the Borrower may (and in the case of
a LIBOR Loan affected pursuant to  Section 2.10(a)(iii)  shall) either (i)
if the affected LIBOR Loan is then being made pursuant to a Borrowing, cancel
such Borrowing by giving the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (confirmed
promptly in writing) thereof on the same date that the Borrower was notified by
a Lender pursuant to  Section 2.10(a)(ii)  or  (iii)  or (ii) if the
affected LIBOR Loan is then outstanding, upon at least three Business Days 
notice to the Administrative Agent, require the affected Lender to convert each
such LIBOR Loan into an ABR Loan; provided that if more than one Lender is
affected at any time, then all affected Lenders must be treated in the same
manner pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) .  
 (c)     
If, after the Closing Date and prior to the earlier of (x) the occurrence of a
Demand Failure Event and (y) the Interim Loan Conversion Date, any Change in Law
relating to capital adequacy or liquidity of any Lender or compliance by any
Lender or its parent with any Change in Law relating to capital adequacy or
liquidity occurring after the Closing Date, has or would have the effect of
reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or its parent s capital or assets
as a consequence of such Lender s commitments or obligations hereunder to a
level below that which such Lender or its parent could have achieved but for
such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or its parent s
policies with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time, promptly
(but in any event no later than fifteen days) after written demand by such
Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its
parent for such reduction, it being understood and agreed, however, that a
Lender shall not be entitled to such compensation as a result of such Lender s
compliance with, or pursuant to any request or directive to comply with, any
applicable Requirement of Law as in effect on the Closing Date. Each Lender,
upon determining in good faith that any additional amounts will be
payable pursuant to this  Section 2.10(c) , will give prompt written notice
thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the
basis of the calculation of such additional amounts, although the failure to
give any such notice shall not, subject to  Section 2.13 , release or
diminish the Borrower s obligations to pay additional amounts pursuant to this  Section 2.10(c)  upon receipt of such notice.  
 -57-  

2.11.       Compensation .
If (a) any payment of principal of any LIBOR Loan is made by the Borrower to or
for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period
for such LIBOR Loan as a result of a payment or conversion pursuant to Sections
2.5,  2.6 ,  2.10 ,  5.1 ,  5.2  or  13.7 , as a result
of acceleration of the maturity of the Loans pursuant to  Section 11  or
for any other reason, (b) any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans is not made on the date
specified in a Notice of Borrowing, (c) any ABR Loan is not converted into a
LIBOR Loan on the date specified in a Notice of Conversion or Continuation, (d)
any LIBOR Loan is not continued as a LIBOR Loan on the date specified in a
Notice of Conversion or Continuation or (e) any prepayment of principal of any
LIBOR Loan is not made as a result of a withdrawn notice of prepayment pursuant
to Section 5.1 or  5.2 , the Borrower shall after the Borrower s receipt of
a written request by such Lender (which request shall set forth in reasonable
detail the basis for requesting such amount), pay to the Administrative Agent
(within fifteen days after such request) for the account of such Lender any
amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or
expenses that such Lender may reasonably incur as a result of such payment,
failure to convert, failure to continue or failure to prepay, including any
loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits) actually incurred
by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired
by any Lender to fund or maintain such LIBOR Loan.  
 2.12.       Change
of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event
giving rise to the operation of  Section 2.10(a)(ii) ,  2.10(a)(iii) ,
 2.10(c)  or  5.4  with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested
by the Borrower use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations
of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by
such event;  provided  that such designation is made on such terms that
such Lender and its lending office suffer no economic, legal or regulatory
disadvantage, with the object of avoiding the consequence of the event giving
rise to the operation of any such Section. Nothing in this Section 2.12 shall
affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the right of any
Lender provided in  Section 2.10  or  5.4 .  
 2.13.       Notice
of Certain Costs . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, to the extent any notice required by  Section 2.10 ,  2.11 
or  5.4  is given by any Lender more than 180 days after such Lender has
knowledge (or should have had knowledge) of the occurrence of the event giving
rise to the additional cost, reduction in amounts, loss, tax or other additional
amounts described in such Sections, such Lender shall not be entitled to
compensation under  Section 2.10 ,  2.11  or  5.4 , as the case
may be, for any such amounts incurred or accruing prior to the 181st day prior
to the giving of such notice to the Borrower;  provided  that if the
circumstance giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period
referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect
thereof. For the purposes of this  Section 2.13 , a Lender does not have
knowledge (and should not have knowledge) of the occurrence of an event giving
rise to any Tax until such Lender is reasonably able to determine (or should
have been able to determine) that such event did actually trigger such Tax.  
 2.14.       P  ermanent
Refinancing .  
 (a)      On
the Interim Loan Conversion Date, all outstanding Senior Interim Loans shall be
automatically converted into term loans (each, a   Senior Term Loan  )
having an aggregate principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of
such Senior Interim Loans, in each case to the extent such Loans are not repaid
in whole or in part in cash on or prior to such date and no Event of Default
under  Section 11.1(I)(f)  or  Section 11.1(I)(g) , in each
case with respect to the Borrower, shall have occurred and be continuing; and  
 -58-  

(b)     
(i) On the 1 st  and/or 15 th  day of each calendar month
(each, an   Exchange Date  ), or if such day is not a Business Day, the
preceding Business Day, on or after the Interim Loan Conversion Date, but in any
event no more than three times in each fiscal quarter, at the option of the
applicable Lender, the Senior Term Loans may be exchanged in whole or in part
for one or more Senior Notes having an aggregate principal amount equal to the
unpaid principal amount of such Senior Term Loans;  provided ,
 however , that the Borrower shall not be required to issue Senior Notes in
each case until the Borrower shall have received requests to issue at least
$50,000,000 in aggregate principal amount (or if the aggregate principal amount
of Senior Term Loans outstanding at such time is less than $50,000,000, such
lesser aggregate principal amount of Senior Term Loans outstanding at such time)
of Senior Notes and that the amount of Senior Term Loans exchanged for Senior
Notes in any exchange request must be in excess of $50,000,000 in principal
amount (or if the aggregate principal amount of Senior Term Loans outstanding at
such time is less than $50,000,000, must be equal to such lesser aggregate
principal amount of Senior Term Loans outstanding at such time).  
 (ii)      Such Lender shall provide
the Borrower prior irrevocable written notice of such election (each such
notice, an   Exchange Notice  ), substantially in the form of  Exhibit
D  hereto, at least five Business Days prior to the date of exchange. The
Exchange Notice shall specify the principal amount of Senior Term Loans to be
exchanged and, subject to the terms of the Senior Refinancing Indenture, the
name of the proposed registered holder and the amount of each Senior Note
requested. Senior Term Loans exchanged for Senior Notes pursuant to this
 Section 2.14  shall be deemed repaid and canceled, and the Senior Notes so
issued shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the provisions of
the Senior Refinancing Indenture. The Senior Notes shall be issued in the form
set forth in the Senior Refinancing Indenture.  
 (iii)      As more particularly
provided in the Senior Refinancing Indenture, (A) Senior Notes issued pursuant
to the Senior Refinancing Indenture shall bear interest at the Senior Fixed Rate
and (B) Senior Notes issued pursuant to the Senior Refinancing Indenture (I)
shall mature on October 9, 2022 and (II) shall be redeemable as set forth in the
Senior Refinancing Indenture and the Senior Notes attached thereto.  
 (iv)      Not later than five
Business Days after the Exchange Date following delivery of any Exchange Notice,
the Borrower shall (A) deliver a written notice to the trustee under the Senior
Refinancing Indenture (the   Trustee  ), directing such Trustee to
authenticate and deliver Senior Notes as specified in the Exchange Notice and
(B) use all commercially reasonable efforts to effect delivery of such Senior
Notes to the requesting Lender.  
 (c)      The
Borrower agrees that as a condition to the effectiveness of the exchange of
Senior Term Loans for Senior Notes:  
 (i)      The Borrower shall have
selected a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Lenders to act as
Trustee.  
 (ii)      The Borrower shall have
issued the Senior Notes pursuant to the Senior Refinancing Indenture
substantially in the applicable form set forth therein, and the Borrower and
each Guarantor shall have executed and delivered the Senior Refinancing
Indenture.  
 (iii)      The Borrower and each
Guarantor shall have provided to the Administrative Agent copies of resolutions
of its board of directors approving the execution and delivery of the Senior Refinancing Indenture and, in the case of the Borrower,
the issuance of the Senior Notes, together with a customary certificate of the
secretary of the Borrower or such Guarantor certifying such resolutions.  
 -59-  

(d)      If
the foregoing conditions set forth in  Section 2.14(c)  hereof are not
satisfied with respect to a particular Exchange Notice, then the Lenders of the
applicable Senior Term Loans shall retain all of their rights and remedies with
respect to such Senior Term Loans pursuant to this Agreement until such
conditions are satisfied and such Senior Term Loans are so exchanged for Senior
Notes, subject to  Section 13.1(b) . The Borrower agrees to satisfy the
conditions set forth in  Section 2.14(c)  hereof no later than ten Business
Days after receipt of the first Exchange Notice, subject to the proviso in
Section 2.14(b)(i) .  
 (e)      Nothing
in this  Section 2.14  shall prevent or limit the ability of the Borrower
from repaying or refinancing the Loans in any other manner not otherwise
prohibited by this Agreement.  
 SECTION
3.       [Reserved]   
 SECTION
4.       Fees; Commitments   
 4.1.       Administrative
Agent s Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the
administrative agent fees in the amounts and on the dates as set forth in
writing from time to time between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.
 
 4.2.       Mandatory
Termination of Commitments . The Senior Interim Loan Commitments shall
terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date.  
 SECTION
5.       Payments   
 5.1.       Voluntary
Prepayments . 
 (a)      The
Borrower shall have the right to prepay Loans without premium or penalty, in
whole or in part from time to time on the following terms and conditions: (a)
the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s
Office written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of
its intent to make such prepayment, the amount of such prepayment and (in the
case of LIBOR Loans) the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made, which
notice shall be given by the Borrower no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City
time) (i) in the case of LIBOR Loans, three Business Days prior to or (ii) in
the case of ABR Loans or Senior Term Loans, one Business Day prior to, the date
of such prepayment; (b) each partial prepayment of (i) any Borrowing of LIBOR
Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and in multiples of $1,000,000
in excess thereof and (ii) any ABR Loans or Senior Term Loans shall be in a
minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof,
 provided  that no partial prepayment of LIBOR Loans made pursuant to a
single Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding LIBOR Loans made pursuant to such
Borrowing to an amount less than $5,000,000 and (c) any prepayment of LIBOR
Loans pursuant to this  Section 5.1  on any day other than the last day of
an Interest Period applicable thereto shall be subject to compliance by the
Borrower with the applicable provisions of  Section 2.11  hereof. At the
Borrower s election in connection with any prepayment pursuant to this
 Section 5.1 , such prepayment shall not be applied to any Loan of a
Defaulting Lender.  
 (b)      Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as no Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may prepay the outstanding
Loans on the following basis:  
 -60-  

(i)      The
Borrower shall have the right to make a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a
discount to par (such prepayment, the   Discounted Loan Prepayment  )
pursuant to a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment made in accordance
with this  Section 5.1(b) ;  provided  that the Borrower shall not
initiate any action under this Section 5.1(b) in order to make a Discounted Loan
Prepayment unless (I) at least ten (10) Business Days shall have passed since
the consummation of the most recent Discounted Loan Prepayment as a result of a
prepayment made by the Borrower on the applicable Discounted Prepayment
Effective Date; or (II) at least three (3) Business Days shall have passed since
the date the Borrower was notified that no Lender was willing to accept any
prepayment of any Loan at the Specified Discount.  
 (ii)      Subject
to the proviso to subsection (i) above, the Borrower may from time to time offer
to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment by providing the Auction Agent with three
(3) Business Days  notice in the form of a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice;
 provided  that (I) any such offer shall be made available, at the sole
discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender, (II) any such offer shall specify
the aggregate principal amount offered to be prepaid (the   Specified Discount
Prepayment Amount  ) and the specific percentage discount to par (the
  Specified Discount  ) of such Loans to be prepaid, (III) the Specified
Discount Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than
$1,000,000 and whole increments of $500,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such
offer shall remain outstanding through the Specified Discount Prepayment
Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each Lender with a copy
of such Specified Discount Prepayment Notice and a form of the Specified
Discount Prepayment Response to be completed and returned by each such Lender to
the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 p.m., New York time,
on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the
Lenders (the   Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date  ).  
 (iii)      Each
Lender receiving such offer shall notify the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by
the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date whether or not it agrees to
accept a prepayment of any of its relevant then outstanding Loans at the
Specified Discount and, if so (such accepting Lender, a   Discount Prepayment
Accepting Lender  ), the amount of such Lender s Loans to be prepaid at such
offered discount. Each acceptance of a Discounted Loan Prepayment by a Discount
Prepayment Accepting Lender shall be irrevocable. Any Lender whose Specified
Discount Prepayment Response is not received by the Auction Agent by the
Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to
accept the applicable Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment.  
 (iv)      If
there is at least one Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender, the Borrower will
make prepayment of outstanding Loans pursuant to this paragraph (b) to each
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender in accordance with the respective
outstanding amount and tranches of Loans specified in such Lender s Specified
Discount Prepayment Response given pursuant to subsection (ii);  provided 
that, if the aggregate principal amount of Loans accepted for prepayment by all
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders exceeds the Specified Discount Prepayment
Amount, such prepayment shall be made pro-rata among the Discount Prepayment
Accepting Lenders in accordance with the respective principal amounts accepted
to be prepaid by each such Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender and the Auction
Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of
the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such
proration (the   Specified Discount Proration  ). The Auction Agent shall
promptly, and in any case within three (3) Business Days following the Specified
Discount Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the Borrower of the respective
Lenders  responses to such offer, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and
the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Loan Prepayment and the
tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, and the aggregate
principal amount of Loans to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date
and (III) each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender of the Specified Discount
Proration, if any, and confirmation of the principal amount and Type of Loans of
such Lender to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date. Each
determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing
notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to
the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted
Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (v) below (subject to
subsection (x) below).  
 -61-  

(v)      In
connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment, the Borrower and the Lenders
acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may require as a condition to any
Discounted Loan Prepayment, the payment of customary fees and expenses from the
Borrower in connection therewith.  
 (vi)      If
any Term Loan is prepaid in accordance with this subsection (b), the Borrower
shall prepay such Loans on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. The
Borrower shall make such prepayment to the Auction Agent, for the account of the
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders at the Administrative Agent s Office in
immediately available funds not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and all such prepayments shall be
applied to the remaining principal installments of the Loans on a pro rata basis
across such installments. The Loans so prepaid shall be accompanied by all
accrued and unpaid interest on the par principal amount so prepaid up to, but
not including, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. Each prepayment of the
outstanding Loans pursuant to this  Section 5.1(b)  shall be paid to the
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders. The aggregate principal amount of Loans
outstanding shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate
principal amount of the tranches of Loans prepaid on the Discounted Prepayment
Effective Date in any Discounted Loan Prepayment.  
 (vii)     
To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Loan Prepayment
shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent, with the provisions in
this  Section 5.1(b) , established by the Auction Agent acting in its
reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Borrower.  
 (viii)      Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, for purposes of this  Section
5.1(b) , each notice or other communication required to be delivered or
otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to
have been given upon Auction Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during
normal business hours of such notice or communication;  provided  that any
notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall
be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business
Day.  
 (ix)      Each
of the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that the Auction Agent
may perform any and all of its duties under this  Section 5.1(b)  by itself
or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consents to any such
delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance
of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The exculpatory provisions pursuant
to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its
respective activities in connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment provided
for in this  Section 5.1(b)  as well as activities of the Auction Agent.
 
 -62-  

(x)      The
Borrower shall have the right, by written notice to the Auction Agent, to revoke
in full (but not in part) its offer to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment at its
discretion at any time on or prior to the applicable Specified Discount
Prepayment Response Date (and if such offer is revoked pursuant to the preceding
clauses, any failure by the Borrower to make any prepayment to a Lender, as
applicable, pursuant to this  Section 5.1(b)  shall not constitute a
Default or Event of Default under this Agreement).  
 (c)      Notwithstanding
the foregoing and except to the extent provided in the Fee Letter as it relates
to the Lenders party thereto, from and after the occurrence of a Demand Failure
Event, in connection with each prepayment of Loans pursuant to this  Section
5.1  or and each prepayment of Loans pursuant to  Section 5.2  arising
from any incurrence of Indebtedness described in clause (i) of the definition of
 Prepayment Event , the Borrower shall at the time of such prepayment to the
Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of Lenders whose Loans are being
prepaid, a prepayment premium equal to the redemption premium then applicable to
a redemption of Senior Notes under the Senior Refinancing Indenture (without
regard to whether any Senior Notes are outstanding or the Senior Refinancing
Indenture has been entered into). 
    (d)      Notwithstanding the
foregoing, on or after the Interim Loan Conversion Date, any repayment of Senior
Loans may, at the option of the Borrower, be applied first to prepay the Senior
Loans of the Committed Lenders (provided that if there is more than one such
Commited Lender then such proceeds will be applied pro rata to prepay the Senior
Loans of such Commited Lenders in proportion to the principal amount of Senior
Loans held by such Commited Lenders) prior to being applied to prepay the Senior
Loans held by other Lenders.    
 5.2.       Mandatory
Prepayments .  
 (a)       Loan
Prepayments . (i) Prior to the Interim Loan Conversion Date, on each occasion
that a Prepayment Event occurs, the Borrower shall, within three Business Days
after its receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of a Prepayment Event, prepay, in
accordance with  clause (c)  below Loans with principal amount equal to
100% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Prepayment Event;  provided  that
the Borrower may, to the extent required by the ABL Facilities, apply such Net
Cash Proceeds to prepay, repay or repurchase Indebtedness outstanding under such
ABL Facilities within three Business Days after receipt thereof, prior to the
application of such Net Cash Proceeds to prepay Loans;  provided ,
 further , that the Borrower shall not be required to make any prepayment
pursuant to this Section 5.2(a), if and to the extent such prepayment is
prohibited by, or would result in the violation by any Loan Party of, the terms
of any First Lien Document (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).  
 (ii)      At
any time on or after the Interim Loan Conversion Date, the provisions of
 Section 5.2(a)(i)  shall no longer be operative.  
 (b)     
 [Reserved]   
 (c)       Application
to Repayment Amounts . Each prepayment of Senior Interim Loans required by
 Section 5.2(a)(i)  hereof shall be applied on a  pro rata  basis
based on the aggregate principal amount of Senior Interim Loans outstanding at
such time ; provided  that  
   (i)             in the event that any Lender or
Affiliate of a Lender purchases Senior Take-Out Notes pursuant to a Securities
Demand (as defined in the Fee Letter) at an issue price above the price at which
such Lender or such Affiliate has reasonably determined such Senior Take-Out
Notes can be resold by such Lender or Affiliate to a bona fide third party at
the time of such purchase (and notifies the Borrower thereof), the Net Cash
Proceeds received by the Borrower in  respect of the associated Prepayment Event may, at the option
of the applicable Lender, be applied first to prepay the Senior Interim Loans of
such Lender (provided that if there is more than one such Lender or Affiliate
then such Net Cash Proceeds will be applied pro rata to prepay the Senior
Interim Loans of such Lenders in proportion to such Lenders  principal amount of
Senior Take-Out Notes purchased from the Borrower) prior to being applied to
prepay the Senior Interim Loans held by other Lenders .  ;  or    
 -63-  

(ii)          in the event of the
issuance of any PIPE Securities, the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower
in respect of any associated Prepayment Event may, at the option of the
Borrower, be applied first to prepay the Senior Interim Loans of the Committed
Lenders (provided that if there is more than one such Commited Lender then such
Net Cash Proceeds will be applied pro rata to prepay the Senior Interim Loans of
such Commited Lenders in proportion to the principal amount of Senior Interim
Loans held by such Commited Lenders) prior to being applied to prepay the Senior
Interim Loans held by other Lenders.      
 With respect to each such prepayment, the Borrower will, not
later than the date specified in  Section 5.2(a)  hereof for making such
prepayment, give the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (promptly confirmed
in writing) requesting that the Administrative Agent provide notice of such
prepayment to each Lender.  
 (d)       Application
to Loans . With respect to each prepayment of Loans required by  Section
5.2(a)  hereof or required or permitted by  Section 9.8(b)  hereof the
Borrower may, if applicable, designate the types of Loans that are to be prepaid
and the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made. In the absence of a
designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the
Administrative Agent shall, subject to the above, make such designation in its
reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs
owing under  Section 2.11  hereof.  
 (e)     
 [Reserved]   
 (f)       LIBOR
Interest Periods . In lieu of making any payment pursuant to this  Section
5.2  or pursuant to  Section 9.8(b ) hereof in respect of any LIBOR Loan
other than on the last day of the Interest Period therefor so long as no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower at its option may
deposit with the Administrative Agent an amount in Dollars equal to the amount
of the LIBOR Loan to be prepaid and such LIBOR Loan shall be repaid on the last
day of the Interest Period therefor in the required amount. Such deposit shall
be held by the Administrative Agent in a corporate time deposit account
established on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
earning interest at the then-customary rate for accounts of such type. Such
deposit shall constitute cash collateral for the LIBOR Loans to be so prepaid,
 provided  that the Borrower may at any time direct that such deposit be
applied to make the applicable payment required pursuant to this  Section
5.2 .  
 5.3.       Method
and Place of Payment .  
 (a)      Except
as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement
shall be made by the Borrower, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any
kind, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders
entitled thereto, not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time), in each case,
on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available funds at the
Administrative Agent s Office or at such other office as the Administrative
Agent shall specify for such purpose by notice to the Borrower, it being
understood that written or facsimile notice by the Borrower to the
Administrative Agent to make a payment from the funds in the Borrower s account
at the Administrative Agent s Office shall constitute the making of such payment
to the extent of such funds held in such account. All repayments or prepayments
of any Loans (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) hereunder shall be made in Dollars and all other
payments under each Loan Document shall, unless otherwise specified in such Loan
Document, be made in Dollars. The Administrative Agent will thereafter cause to
be distributed on the same day (if payment was actually received by the
Administrative Agent prior to 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) or, otherwise, on
the next Business Day) like funds relating to the payment of principal or
interest ratably to the Lenders entitled thereto.  
 -64-  

(b)      Any
payments under this Agreement that are made later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City
time) may be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day in the
Administrative Agent s sole discretion. Whenever any payment to be made
hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, in the
Administrative Agent s sole discretion, the due date thereof shall be extended
to the next succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal,
interest shall be payable during such extension at the applicable rate in effect
immediately prior to such extension.  
 5.4.       Net
Payments .  
 (a)      Any
and all payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and
without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes; provided that
if the Borrower or any Guarantor or the Administrative Agent shall be required
by applicable Requirements of Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such
payments, then (i) the Borrower or such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent
shall make such deductions or withholdings as are reasonably determined by the
Borrower, such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent to be required by any
applicable Requirement of Law, (ii) the Borrower, such Guarantor or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount deducted
or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority within the time allowed and
in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, and (iii) to the extent
withholding or deduction is required to be made on account of Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower or such Guarantor shall be
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions and
withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums
payable under this  Section 5.4 ) the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received
had no such deductions or withholdings been made. Whenever any Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes are paid by the Borrower or such Guarantor, as promptly as
possible thereafter, the Borrower or Guarantor shall send to the Administrative
Agent for its own account or for the account of a Lender, a certified copy of an
official receipt received by the Borrower or such Guarantor showing payment
thereof (or other evidence of such payment reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent). 
 (b)     
The Borrower shall timely pay and shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Administrative Agent and each Lender with regard to any Other Taxes (whether or
not such Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority).  
 (c)      The
Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each
Lender within 15 Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full
amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as the case may be (including Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this
 Section 5.4 ), and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with
respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were
correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.
A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of
the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender,
or the Administrative Agent (as applicable) on its own behalf or on behalf of a
Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  
 -65-  

(d)      Each
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at such time
or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such
properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law and
such other reasonably requested information as will permit the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to determine (A) whether or not any
payments made hereunder or under any other Loan Document are subject to Taxes,
(B) if applicable, the required rate of withholding or deduction, and (C) such
Lender s entitlement to any available exemption from, or reduction of,
applicable Taxes in respect of any payments to be made to such Lender by any
Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or otherwise to establish such Lender s
status for withholding tax purposes in the applicable jurisdiction. In addition,
any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall
deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is
subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  
 (e)      Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Non-U.S. Lender with respect to
any Loan made to the Borrower shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so:  
 (i)      deliver to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender
becomes a party to this Agreement, two copies of (A) in the case of a Non-U.S.
Lender claiming exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(h)
or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of  portfolio interest,  United
States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E (or any applicable
successor form) (together with a certificate (substantially in the form of
 Exhibit J  hereto) representing that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank
(within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code), is not a  10 percent
shareholder  (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code) of the
Borrower, is not a   controlled foreign corporation  related to the Borrower (as
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code) and the interest payments in
question are not effectively connected with a United States trade or business
conducted by such Lender), (B) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, Form
W-8BEN-E or Form W-8ECI (or any applicable successor form), in each case
properly completed and duly executed by such Non-U.S. Lender claiming complete
exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. federal withholding tax on payments by
the Borrower under this Agreement, (C) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or
any applicable successor form) and all necessary attachments (including the
forms and certifications described in clauses (A) and (B) above, as required) or
(D) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming
exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding tax duly
completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by
applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction
required to be made; and  
 (ii)      deliver to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent two further copies of any such form or
certification (or any applicable successor form) on or before the date that any
such form or certification expires or becomes obsolete or invalid, after the
occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form or
certification previously delivered by it to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent;  
 unless in any such case any Change in Law has occurred prior to
the date on which any such delivery would otherwise be required that renders any
such form inapplicable or would prevent such Non-U.S. Lender from duly
completing and delivering any such form with respect to it and such Non-U.S.
Lender promptly so advises the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Each
Person that shall become a Participant pursuant to  Section 13.6  or a
Lender pursuant to  Section 13.6  shall, upon the effectiveness of the related transfer, be required to provide
all the forms and statements required pursuant to this  Section 5.4(e) ;
provided that in the case of a Participant such Participant shall furnish all
such required forms and statements to the Lender from which the related
participation shall have been purchased.  
 -66-  

(f)      If
any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, determines, in its sole
discretion exercised in good faith, that it had received and retained a refund
of an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax for which a payment has been made by the
Borrower or any Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
which refund in the good faith judgment of such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as the case may be, is attributable to such payment made by the Borrower
or any Guarantor, then the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may
be, shall reimburse the Borrower or such Guarantor for such amount (net of all
out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case
may be, and without interest other than any interest received thereon from the
relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) as the Lender or
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, determines in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith to be the proportion of the refund as will leave it,
after such reimbursement, in no better or worse position (taking into account
expenses or any taxes imposed on the refund) than it would have been in if the
payment had not been required; provided that the Borrower or such Guarantor,
upon the request of the Lender or the Administrative Agent, agrees to repay the
amount paid over to the Borrower or such Guarantor (plus any penalties, interest
or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Lender
or the Administrative Agent in the event the Lender or the Administrative Agent
is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. In such event,
such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall, at the
Borrower s request, provide the Borrower with a copy of any notice of assessment
or other evidence of the requirement to repay such refund received from the
relevant Governmental Authority (provided that such Lender or the Administrative
Agent may delete any information therein that it deems confidential). A Lender
or the Administrative Agent shall claim any refund that it determines is
available to it, unless it concludes in its sole discretion that it would be
adversely affected by making such a claim. No Lender nor the Administrative
Agent shall be obliged to make available its tax returns (or any other
information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party
in connection with this  clause (f)  or any other provision of this
 Section 5.4 .  
 (g)      [Reserved].
 
 (h)      Each
Lender and Agent that is a United States person under Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code (each, a   U.S. Lender  ) shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent two Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9 (or substitute or
successor form), properly completed and duly executed, certifying that such
Lender or Agent is exempt from United States federal backup withholding tax (i)
on or prior to the Closing Date (or on or prior to the date it becomes a party
to this Agreement), (ii) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes
obsolete or invalid, (iii) after the occurrence of a change in the Agent s or
Lender s circumstances requiring a change in the most recent form previously
delivered by it to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (iv) from time
to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent.  
 (i)      If
a payment made to any Lender or any Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender or such Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting
requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
of the Code, as applicable), such Lender or such Agent shall deliver to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and
at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine
that such Lender or Agent has or has not complied with such Lender s or Agent s
obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and
withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this  Section 5.4(i) ,
 FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this
Agreement.  
 -67-  

(j)      The
agreements in this  Section 5.4  shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
 
 5.5.     
 Computations of Interest . Interest on LIBOR Loans and Senior Term Loans
shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed
and interest on ABR Loans in respect of which the rate of interest is calculated
on the basis of the Administrative Agent s prime rate and overdue interest shall
be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for
the actual days elapsed.  
 To the extent applicable, for the
purposes of the  Interest Act  (Canada), whenever any interest or fee under
the Agreement is calculated using a rate based on a number of days less than a
full year, such rate determined pursuant to such calculation, when expressed as
an annual rate, is equivalent to (x) the applicable rate, (y) multiplied by the
actual number of days in the calendar year in which the period for which such
interest or fee is payable (or compounded) ends, and (z) divided by the number
of days based on which such rate is calculated.  
 5.6.       Limit
on Rate of Interest .  
 (a)       No
Payment Shall Exceed Lawful Rate . Notwithstanding any other term of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any interest or other
amounts under or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise in respect to
any of the Obligations in excess of the amount or rate permitted under or
consistent with any applicable law, rule or regulation.  
 (b)       Payment
at Highest Lawful Rate . If the Borrower is not obliged to make a payment
that it would otherwise be required to make, as a result of  Section
5.6(a)  hereof, the Borrower shall make such payment to the maximum extent
permitted by or consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  
 (a)       Adjustment
if Any Payment Exceeds Lawful Rate . If any provision of this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents would obligate the Borrower or any other Loan
Party to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in
an amount or calculated at a rate that would be prohibited by any Requirement of
Law or would result in a receipt by that Lender of  interest  at a  criminal
rate  (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then
notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been
adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as
the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by applicable Requirements of
Law, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing the
amount or rate of interest required to be paid by the Borrower to the affected
Lender under  Section 2.8  hereof.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if any Lender
shall have received from the Borrower an amount in excess of the maximum
permitted by any applicable Requirement of Law, then the Borrower shall be
entitled, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent to obtain
reimbursement from that Lender in an amount equal to such excess, and pending
such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by that
Lender to the Borrower.  
 -68-  

SECTION
6.       Conditions Precedent to Initial
Borrowing   
 The initial Borrowing under this
Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent,
except as otherwise agreed or waived pursuant to  Section 13.1 .  
 6.1.     
 Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received:  
 (a) this
Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized Officer of each of the
Borrower, each Agent and each Lender; and  
 (b)      the U.S. Security
Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized Officer of each of the
Borrower and each Person that is a Guarantor as of the Closing Date.  
 6.2     .
 [Reserved] .  
 6.3.       Legal
Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal
opinions of (i) Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP, counsel to the Borrower,
substantially in the form of  Exhibit E-1 , (ii) Wildeboer Dellelce LLP and
Stoel Rives LLP, counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the form of
 Exhibits E-2  and  E-3 , respectively, and (iii) the general counsel
of the Borrower in the form of  Exhibit E-4 . The Borrower, the other Loan
Parties and the Administrative Agent hereby instruct such counsel to deliver
such legal opinions.  
 6.4.       Notice
of Borrowing . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent
a Notice of Borrowing.  
 6.5.       Contemporaneous
Debt Repayments . Substantially simultaneously with the initial Borrowing
under this Agreement, the Debt Repayment shall have been consummated.  
 6.6.     
 Closing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a
certificate of the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the
form of  Exhibit F-1 , with appropriate insertions, executed by the
Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party, and attaching the
documents referred to in  Section 6.7 , (ii) a certificate of the Loan
Parties, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form of  Exhibit
F-2 , with appropriate insertions, executed by the President or any Vice
President of each Loan Party and (iii) such other closing certificates as it may
reasonably request.  
 6.7.       Authorization
of Proceedings of Each Loan Party; Organizational Documents . The
Administrative Agent shall have received (a) a copy of the resolutions, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of the board
of directors or managers of each Loan Party (or a duly authorized committee
thereof) authorizing (i) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan
Documents (and any agreements relating thereto) to which it is a party and (ii)
in the case of the Borrower, the extensions of credit contemplated hereunder and
(b) true and complete copies of each of the organizational documents of each
Person that is a Loan Party as of the Closing Date.  
 6.8.       Fees .
All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter and
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid on the Closing Date
pursuant to any Commitment Letter in respect of the Senior Interim Loan
Commitments, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the
Closing Date, shall, upon the initial Borrowings hereunder, have been, or will
be substantially simultaneously, paid (which amounts may be offset against the
proceeds of the Senior Interim Loans on the Closing Date).  
 -69-  

6.9.     
 Representations and Warranties . On the Closing Date, the Company
Representations shall be true and correct, but only to the extent that Holdings
has (or its applicable affiliate has) the right to terminate Holdings  (or such
affiliate s) obligations under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or decline to
consummate the Acquisition as a result of a breach of such Company
Representation and the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in
all material respects (where not already qualified by materiality, otherwise in
all respects) (except in the case of any Specified Representation which
expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation and warranty
shall be true and correct in all material respects (where not already qualified
by materiality, otherwise in all respects) as of the respective date or
respective period, as the case may be).  
 6.10.       Solvency
Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have
received a certificate from the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Vice
President-Finance or any other senior financial officer of Holdings and the
Borrower substantially in the form of  Exhibit I .  
 6.11.        Acquisition . The
Acquisition shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with
the borrowing under this Agreement shall be consummated, in all material
respects in accordance with the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, after
giving effect to any modifications, amendments, consents, waivers or requests by
you (or your affiliate) thereto, other than those (including the effects of any
requests) that are materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, without
the prior consent of the Joint Lead Arrangers (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).  
 6.12.        Patriot Act . The
Administrative Agent and the Joint Bookrunners shall have received all
documentation and other information about the Borrower and the Guarantors as
shall have been reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or
the Joint Bookrunners at least ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date and
as is mutually agreed to be required by U.S. and Canadian regulatory authorities
under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and
regulations, including without limitation the PATRIOT Act, OFAC and the FCPA,
Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act
(Canada), the United Nations Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money
Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada).  
 6.13.        Financial
Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received true, correct and
complete copies of the Historical Financial Statements.  
 6.14.     
 [Reserved] . 
 6.15.       Material
Adverse Effect . (a) Except as set forth on the Seller Disclosure Schedule
(as defined in the Purchase and Sale Agreement), since December 31, 2014 through
the date of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, there shall not have occurred any
event that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase and Sale
Agreement) and (b) between the date of the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the
Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase and Sale Agreement), there shall have
been no event, circumstance, development, change or effect that would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase and
Sale Agreement). Any disclosure with respect to a section or schedule of the
Purchase and Sale Agreement (including any section of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule (as defined in the Purchase and Sale Agreement)) shall be deemed to
have been disclosed for other sections and schedules of the Purchase and Sale
Agreement (including a section of the Seller Disclosure Schedule (as defined in
the Purchase and Sale Agreement)) where the relevance of such disclosure would
be reasonably apparent.  
 -70-  

The acceptance of the benefits of
the Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Loan Party
to each of the Lenders that all the applicable conditions specified in
 Section 6  above have been satisfied as of that time.  
 SECTION
7.       Guarantee   
 7.1.       Guarantee .
Subject to this Section 7, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally,
irrevocably and unconditionally, guarantees to each Lender and to the
Administrative Agent, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this
Agreement, the other Loan Documents or the obligations of the Borrower hereunder
or thereunder, that: (a) the principal of and interest and premium, if any, on
the Loans shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by
acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of
and interest on the Loans, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the
Borrower to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent hereunder or thereunder
shall be promptly paid in full, all in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any
Loans or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full
when due in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any
amount so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and
severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this
is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.  
 The Guarantors hereby agree that
their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the
validity, regularity or enforceability of the Loans, this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or
consent by any Lender with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the
recovery of any judgment against the Borrower, any action to enforce the same or
any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable
discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any right to require a proceeding
first against such Holdings, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and
covenants that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by full payment of
the obligations contained in the Loans, this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.  
 Each Guarantor also agrees to pay
any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees) incurred
by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender in enforcing any
rights under this Section 7.1.  
 If any Lender, the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent is required by any court or otherwise to return to
the Borrower, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other
similar official acting in relation to either the Borrower or the Guarantors,
any amount paid to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such
Lender, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be
reinstated in full force and effect.  
 Each Guarantor agrees that it
shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Lenders in
respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all
obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between
the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of the obligations
guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Section 11 hereof for the
purposes of this Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other
prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations
guaranteed hereby, and (y) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of
such obligations as provided in Section 11 hereof, such obligations (whether or
not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors
for the purpose of this Guarantee. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any nonpaying
Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of
the Lenders under the Guarantees.  
 -71-  

Each Guarantee shall remain in
full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed
by or against the Borrower for liquidation, reorganization, should the Borrower
become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a
receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the
Borrower s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue
to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of
the Loans is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or
must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Loans or
Guarantees, whether as a  voidable preference,   fraudulent transfer  or
otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. In the event that any
payment or any part thereof is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the
Loans shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed
reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or
returned.  
 In case any provision of any
Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby.  
 The Guarantee issued by any
Guarantor shall be a general secured senior obligation of such Guarantor and
shall rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future Senior
Indebtedness of such Guarantor, if any.  
 Each payment to be made by a
Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be made without set-off,
counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or nature. 
 7.2.       Limitation
on Guarantor Liability   
 Each Guarantor and each Lender
hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee
of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, or similar
limitation, for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance
Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal, state, Canadian
or provincial law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee or as otherwise
limited by or required under the Agreed Security Principles. To effectuate the
foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders
and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each
Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as shall, after giving effect
to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such
Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and after giving effect to any
collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on
behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other
Guarantor under this Section 7, result in the obligations of such Guarantor
under its Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent
transfer, or similar limitation, under applicable law. Each Guarantor that makes
a payment under its Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in full of all
guaranteed obligations under this Agreement to a contribution from each other
Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor s pro rata portion of such
payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of
such payment determined in accordance with GAAP.  
 7.3.       Execution
and Delivery   
 To evidence its Guarantee set
forth in Section 7 hereof, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Agreement
shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by its President or Treasurer, one
of its Vice Presidents or one of its Assistant Vice Presidents or other
authorized signatory.  
 -72-  

If required by Section 9.13
hereof, Holdings shall cause any Restricted Subsidiary to comply with the
provisions of Section 9.13 hereof and this Section 7, to the extent applicable.
 
 7.4.       Subrogation 
 
 Subject to Section 7.1, each
Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Lenders against the Borrower in respect of any amounts
paid by any Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.1 hereof;
 provided  that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no
Guarantor shall be entitled to enforce or receive any payments arising out of,
or based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts then due and payable
by the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have been
paid in full.  
 7.5.       Benefits
Acknowledged   
 Each Guarantor acknowledges that
it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements
contemplated by this Agreement and that the guarantee and waivers made by it
pursuant to its Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.
 
 7.6.       Release
of Guarantees by Guarantors   
 (a)      Each
Guarantee by a Subsidiary Guarantor shall provide by its terms that it shall be
automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, and no further action
by such Subsidiary Guarantor, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent or any Lender is required for the release of such Guarantor s
Guarantee, upon:  
 (i)      any sale, exchange,
disposition or transfer (by merger, amalgamation, consolidation, dividend,
distribution or otherwise) of (x) the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary
Guarantor, after which the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a
Restricted Subsidiary or (y) all or substantially all the assets of such
Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case if such sale, exchange, disposition or
transfer is made in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement;
 
 (ii)      the release or discharge
of the guarantee by such Subsidiary Guarantor of Indebtedness under the North
American ABL Facility, or the release or discharge of such other guarantee or
obligation that resulted in the creation of such Guarantee, except a discharge
or release by or as a result of payment under such guarantee (it being
understood that a release subject to a contingent reinstatement will constitute
a release for the purposes of this clause (ii), and that if any such guarantee
is so reinstated, such Guarantee shall also be reinstated to the extent that
such Subsidiary Guarantor would then be required to provide a Guarantee pursuant
to Section 9.13);  
 (iii)      the designation of any
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Guarantor as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement;  
 (iv)      upon
the merger or consolidation of any Subsidiary Guarantor with and into the
Borrower or another Guarantor or upon the liquidation of such Subsidiary
Guarantor following the transfer or all of its assets to the Borrower or another
Guarantor; or  
 (v)      upon
payment in full of all Obligations of the Borrower (other than any contingent
obligations or contingent indemnification obligations not then due) arising
under this Agreement.  
 -73-  

(b)      The
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereby agree to execute and
deliver (at the Borrower s expense) any instruments, documents, and agreements
necessary or desirable to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor
pursuant to Section 7.6(a) hereof.  
 7.7.       Effectiveness
of Certain Guarantees   
 The provisions set forth in this
Section 7 with respect to Sunrise Holdings (Delaware), Inc., Sunrise Growers,
Inc., Farm Capital Incorporated and Pacific Ridge Farms, LLC will only become
operative concurrently with the consummation of the Acquisition.  
 SECTION
8.       Representations, Warranties and
Agreements   
 In order to induce the Lenders to
enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans as provided for herein,
Holdings, the Borrower and each other Guarantor makes, on the Closing Date, the
following representations and warranties to, and agreements with, the Lenders,
all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
making of the Loans:  
 8.1.       Corporate
Status . Each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries has been duly incorporated or
organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation or
organization, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of its
respective jurisdiction of organization, each with full power and authority
(corporate and otherwise) to own or lease its properties or assets owned or
leased by it and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum, except to the extent that the failure of any Subsidiary to be in
good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries has been duly qualified as a
foreign corporation or organization, as the case may be, for the transaction of
business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in
which it owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require
such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or
be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 
 8.2.       Corporate
Power and Authority; Enforceability . Each Loan Party has all requisite
corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute, deliver
perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party. Each
Loan Document has been duly authorized by each Loan Party party thereto, and
upon execution and delivery thereof, each Loan Document will constitute the
valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto enforceable
against the Loan Parties party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws in effect
which affect the enforcement of creditors  rights generally, (ii) general
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity and
(iii) state, provincial or federal securities laws or policies relating to the
non-enforceability of the indemnification provisions contained therein (clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii) collectively, the   Enforceability Exceptions  ).  
 8.3     .
 No Violation . 
 (a)      None
of the execution, delivery or performance by any Loan Party of the Loan
Documents to which it is a party or the compliance with the terms and provisions
thereof will (1) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the
terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the assets of
Holdings or its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms or provisions of, or give any
other party a right to terminate any of its obligations under, or result in the
acceleration of any obligation under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
loan agreement or other material agreement or material instrument to which
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which Holdings or any of
its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries
is subject (other than any lien or encumbrance created or imposed pursuant to
the Loan Documents or any Permitted Exceptions), (2) result in any violation of
the provisions of the charter and organizational documents of the Borrower or
any Guarantor as currently in effect or (3) result in any violation of any
statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or
body having jurisdiction over Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their properties, except, in cases (1) and (3), for any such default or
violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 -74-  

(b)      Neither
Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries is (1) in violation of its Certificate of
Incorporation or By-laws, (2) except where such violation or default would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, in default in the
performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or
condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, voting trust
agreement, loan agreement, bond, debenture, note agreement, lease or other
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
properties may be bound or (3) except where such lack of compliance would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (and except, in the
case of Opta Minerals Inc., for the failure to be in compliance with all of the
financial covenants under certain of its debt instruments as of July 4, 2015,
which lack of compliance is disclosed in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum,
and for which Opta Minerals Inc. has obtained a waiver from its lenders), in
violation of any law, regulation or order applicable to it or its business. To
the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, no other party under any such
agreement or instrument described in  clause (2)  of the preceding sentence
to which it is a party is in default thereunder or has given written or oral
notice to Holdings or any of its officers or directors of such other party s
intention to terminate, cancel or refuse to renew any such agreement or
instrument, except for such terminations, cancellations or non-renewals that
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 8.4.       Litigation .
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, or except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no legal or governmental actions, suits,
investigations or proceedings before or by any federal, provincial or state
court, commission, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
body, domestic or foreign, pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the
Borrower, threatened to which Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be a
party or of which property owned or leased by Holdings or any of its
Subsidiaries is or may be the subject, or related to environmental or
discrimination matters, (ii) no material labor disturbance by the employees of
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of Holdings and
the Borrower, is imminent or being threatened and (iii) neither Holdings nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or subject to the provisions of any material
injunction, judgment, decree or order of any court, governmental agency or other
regulatory body, domestic or foreign.  
 8.5.     
 Margin Regulations . None of the Transactions will violate or result in a
violation of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors.  
 8.6.       Governmental
Approvals . The execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document do
not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or other
action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (a) such as have been obtained
or made and are in full force and effect, (b) as may be required to perfect the
Collateral Agent s security interests granted pursuant to the Collateral
Documents, (c) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings or actions the
failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect and (d) as disclosed in the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum.  
 -75-  

8.7.       Investment
Company Act . No Loan Party is, and after giving effect to the Transactions,
will be, an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.  
 8.8     .
 True and Complete Disclosure . 
 (a)      The
Preliminary Offering Memorandum does not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading;  provided ,  however ,
that this representation and warranty shall not apply to any statements or
omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in
writing to the Borrower by a Lender expressly for use therein.  
 (b)      The
projections (including financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking
information) previously provided to the Lenders prior to the date of this
Agreement were based on good faith estimates and assumptions believed by
Holdings and the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made; it being recognized
by the Lenders that such projections are as to future events and are not to be
viewed as facts, the projections are subject to significant uncertainties and
contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of Holdings, the Borrower
and the Restricted Subsidiaries, that no assurance can be given that any
particular projections will be realized and that actual results during the
period or periods covered by any such projections may differ from the projected
results and such differences may be material.  
 8.9.       Financial
Condition; Financial Statements . The consolidated financial statements and
schedules, if any, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, and the related notes
thereto, included or incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum present fairly in all material respects the financial position of
Holdings and the Borrower as of the respective dates of such financial
statements and schedules, and the results of operations and cash flows of
Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the respective periods covered thereby; such
statements, schedules and related notes have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a
consistent basis as certified by the independent public accountants named
therein; no other consolidated financial statements or schedules, if any, of
Holdings and its Subsidiaries are required to be included or incorporated by
reference in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum; and the summary historical
financial data included in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum under the caption
 Summary Summary Financial Data Summary Historical and Pro Forma Financial Data
of SunOpta  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations  present fairly in all material respects the information
set forth therein.  
 8.10.       Tax
Matters . Holdings and each Subsidiary of Holdings that would constitute a
 significant subsidiary  as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X
under the Securities Act (each such Subsidiary, a   Material Subsidiary  
and, collectively, the   Material Subsidiaries  ) have filed all necessary
federal, provincial, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns, each of
which has been true and correct in all material respects. Holdings and each of
its Subsidiaries have paid all taxes shown as due thereon, except for any such
failure to pay as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and Holdings has no knowledge of any
material tax deficiency which has been or might be asserted or threatened
against Holdings or any of the Material Subsidiaries.  
 -76-  

8.11.       Compliance
with ERISA; Labor Disputes .  
 (a)      Holdings
and its Subsidiaries and any  employee benefit plan  (as defined under Section
3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the
regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively,
  ERISA  )), whether or not subject to ERISA, established or maintained by
Holdings or its Subsidiaries or by the ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) of
any of Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects
with ERISA, the Code and any applicable non-U.S. pension and benefit laws,
regulations, or rulings, and all such plans have been fully funded and expensed
in accordance with GAAP.   ERISA Affiliate   means, with respect to any of
Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries, any natural person or entity which is a member of
any controlled group of organizations within the meaning of Sections 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code of which such Subsidiary is a member. Except as
would not result in material liability to Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (i) no
 reportable event  (as defined under Section 4043 of ERISA) has occurred or is
reasonably expected to occur with respect to any  employee benefit plan 
established or maintained by Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA
Affiliates, (ii) no  employee benefit plan  established or maintained by
Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such  employee
benefit plan  were terminated, would have any  amount of unfunded benefit
liabilities  (as defined under Section 4062 or 4069 of ERISA), and (iii) each
 employee benefit plan  established or maintained by Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code is the subject of an unexpired favorable determination letter
issued by the Internal Revenue Service and nothing has occurred, whether by
action or failure to act, which would reasonably be expected to cause the loss
of such qualification. None of Holdings  U.S. Subsidiaries nor any of their
ERISA Affiliates has incurred or would reasonably expect to incur any material
liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or
withdrawal from, any  employee benefit plan  or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or
4980B of the Code. Neither Holdings nor any of the Material Subsidiaries has
incurred or would reasonably expect to incur any material liability under any
applicable non-U.S. pension or benefit laws, regulations or rulings which has
not been fully funded or expensed in accordance with GAAP. No  employee benefit
plan  is, or would reasonably be expected to be, (i) in  at-risk  status (within
the meaning of Section 303(i)(4)(A) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4)(A) of the
Code), (ii) in  critical and declining  status (within the meaning of Section
305 of ERISA) or (iii) subject to liability or the imposition of a lien under
Section 436 or 430(k) of the Code, ERISA or other applicable non-U.S. pension
legislation.  
 (b)      Neither
Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute, except
where the dispute would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor, to the knowledge of Holdings
and the Borrower, is any such dispute threatened. Neither Holdings nor any of
its Subsidiaries has been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or other
applicable U.S. or non-U.S. legal requirements related to the hours worked by
and payments made to their employees, except for such violations as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  
 8.12.     
 [Reserved] . 
 8.13.     
 Intellectual Property . Holdings and the Borrower each owns, or possesses
and/or has been granted valid and enforceable licenses for, all registered
patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, tradenames,
servicemarks and copyrights necessary to the conduct of its business as such
business is described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum (collectively, the
  Registered Intellectual Property  ). Neither Holdings nor the Borrower
has any knowledge of any material infringement or misappropriation by third
parties of any of the Registered Intellectual Property, or any material
inventions, manufacturing processes, formulae, trade secrets, know-how,
unregistered trademarks, and other intangible property and assets necessary to
the conduct of its business as such business is described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum
(collectively, the   Other Intellectual Property ,  and together with the
Registered Intellectual Property, the   Intellectual Property  ), nor is
there any pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging Holdings  or the
Borrower s rights of title or other interest in or to any Intellectual Property,
and neither Holdings nor the Borrower knows of any facts which would form a
reasonable basis for any such claim. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of
Holdings or the Borrower, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others
challenging the validity and scope of any Intellectual Property, and neither
Holdings nor the Borrower knows of any facts which would form a reasonable basis
for any such claim. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the
Borrower, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that Holdings
or the Borrower or any of their products or processes or the Intellectual
Property infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, servicemark,
copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of others, and neither
Holdings nor the Borrower is aware of any facts that would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim, except for such claims or facts as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither Holdings nor the Borrower is aware of any grounds for an
interference proceeding before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or the
Canadian Intellectual Property Office in relation to any of the patents or
patent applications currently owned by Holdings or the Borrower. There is no
pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, threatened action,
suit proceeding or claim by any current or former employee, consultant or agent
of Holdings or the Borrower seeking either ownership rights to any invention or
other intellectual property right or compensation from Holdings or the Borrower
for any invention or other intellectual property right made by such employee,
consultant or agent in the course of his/her employment with Holdings, the
Borrower or otherwise. The Preliminary Offering Memorandum fairly and accurately
describes in all material respects Holdings  and the Borrowers  rights with
respect to the Intellectual Property. Holdings and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value
of all their Intellectual Property in all material aspects, and neither Holdings
nor the Borrower has any reason to believe that such Intellectual Property is
not or, if not yet patented or registered, would not be, valid and enforceable
against an unauthorized user.  
 -77-  

8.14.     
 Environmental Laws . Except as otherwise disclosed in the Preliminary
Offering Memorandum, or except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, Holdings and its
Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all applicable foreign, federal,
provincial, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of
human or occupational health and safety (in each case, to the extent relating to
exposure to hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants)
or of the environment or the storage, handling or transportation of hazardous or
toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively,
  Environmental Laws  ), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other
approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its
businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such
permit, license or approval. Holdings, in its reasonable judgment, has concluded
that any costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws applicable to
Holdings and its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, any capital or
operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or
compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any
related constraints on operating activities and any liabilities to third
parties) would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 8.15.       Compliance
with FDA . 
 (a)      Holdings
and the Material Subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, authorizations
or permits issued by the appropriate governmental or regulatory agencies or
authorities (including, without limitation, the Food and Drug Administration
(the   FDA  )) that are necessary to enable them to own, lease and operate
their respective properties and to carry on their respective businesses as presently conducted (collectively, the
  Permits  ), and such Permits are in full force and effect, except where
the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Holdings or the Borrower, as
applicable, has fulfilled and performed all of its obligations with respect to
the Permits in all material respects. Neither Holdings nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any such license, certificate, authority or permit, except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All
applications, notifications, submissions, information, claims, reports and
statistics, and other data and conclusions derived therefrom, utilized as the
basis for any and all requests for a Permit from the FDA or other governmental
authority relating to Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, its business and
its products, when submitted to the FDA or other governmental authority by or on
behalf of Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, were true, complete and
correct in all material respects. Any necessary or required updates, changes,
corrections or modification to such applications, notifications, submissions,
information, claims, reports and statistics and other data have been submitted
to the FDA or other governmental authority, except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To
the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, there are no facts or circumstances
that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any material liability of
Holdings or the Borrower under any Permits. Holdings and the Borrower and, to
their knowledge, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents have
operated and currently are in compliance with applicable statutes and
implementing regulations administered or enforced by the FDA, or any other
federal, provincial, state, local, or foreign governmental authority, governing
the conduct of Holdings  and the Borrower s business as presently conducted,
except for such noncompliance as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.  
 -78-  

(b)      Except
as otherwise described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, or except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, neither Holdings nor the Borrower has had any product
or manufacturing site (whether Holdings-owned, Borrower-owned or that of a
contract manufacturer for Holdings or Borrower products or product candidates)
subject to a governmental authority (including, without limitation, the FDA)
shutdown or import or export prohibition; to the knowledge of Holdings and the
Borrower, neither the FDA nor any other governmental authority has threatened
such action; and neither Holdings nor the Borrower has any outstanding FDA Form
483 or other non-ordinary course governmental authority notice of inspectional
observations,  warning letter  or other correspondence or notice from the FDA or
other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any
applicable laws, except for such observations or allegations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect  
 8.16.     
 Properties . Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to all real
property and good and marketable title to all other tangible properties and
assets owned by it, in each case free and clear of all Liens, charges, claims,
encumbrances or restrictions, except such as (i) otherwise permitted under this
Agreement or (ii) do not materially affect the value of such properties, taken
as a whole, and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of
such properties by the Loan Parties. Any real property and buildings held under
lease by the Loan Parties are held under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with such exceptions as would not interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property and buildings by Holdings or such Loan
Party, as applicable, or as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Holdings and its Subsidiaries own or lease all such properties
as are necessary to its operations as now conducted.  
 8.17.       Security .
 
 (a)      Upon
execution and delivery, the mortgages, deeds of trust or deeds to secure debt
(each, a   Mortgage   and collectively, the   Mortgages  ) will be
effective to grant a legal, valid and enforceable mortgage lien or security title on all of the
mortgagor s right, title and interest in the real property included in the
Collateral (each, a   Mortgaged Property   and, collectively, the
  Mortgaged Properties  ). When the Mortgages are duly recorded in the
proper recorders  offices or appropriate public records and the mortgage
recording fees and taxes in respect thereof are paid and compliance is otherwise
had with the formal requirements of state or provincial law, applicable to the
recording of real estate mortgages generally, each such Mortgage shall
constitute a validly perfected and enforceable second priority lien or security
title and security interest in the related Mortgaged Property for the benefit of
the Administrative Agent, subject only to the encumbrances and exceptions to
title expressly permitted in the Mortgages (including those liens under the
North American ABL Facility and the other liens expressly permitted to be
incurred or exist on the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement) or expressly set
forth as an exception to the policies of title insurance obtained to insure the
lien of each Mortgage with respect to each of the Mortgaged Properties (such
encumbrances and exceptions, the   Permitted Exceptions  ), and to the
Enforceability Exceptions.  
 -79-  

(b)      Upon
filing of financing statements (or equivalent filings) or Mortgages, as
applicable, with respect to the Collateral described in the Security Agreements
and the equipment and fixtures described in the Mortgages (the   Personal
Property Collateral  ) and the due execution and delivery of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the security interests granted thereby that can be
perfected by the filing of a financing statement (or equivalent filings) or
Mortgage, as applicable, will constitute valid, perfected liens and security
interests in the Personal Property Collateral, for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, enforceable in accordance with the terms contained therein
against all creditors of any grantor or mortgagor, subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions, and subject only to liens expressly permitted to be incurred or
exist on the Personal Property Collateral under this Agreement.  
 (c)      Upon
execution and delivery, the Security Agreements will be effective to grant a
legal, valid and enforceable security interest in all of the grantor s right,
title and interest in the Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Properties and
property excluded from the Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Security
Agreements as described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum).  
 (d)       The Borrower and the
Guarantors will collectively own, have rights in or have the power and authority
to collaterally assign rights in the Collateral, free and clear of any liens
other than the Permitted Exceptions   and as may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions.  
 8.18.     
 Solvency . Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (i) the fair value of the
assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds, on a
consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or
otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of Holdings and
its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will
be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their
debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such
debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) Holdings and its
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and
liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities become
absolute and matured; (iv) Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated
basis, are not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business for which
they have unreasonably small capital and (v) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower
is an  insolvent person  within the meaning of the  Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Act (Canada) . For purposes of this Section 8.18, the amount of any
contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that would
reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability.  
 8.19.       Insurance .
Each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries maintains insurance of the types and in
the amounts which it deems adequate for its business, including, but not limited
to, insurance covering real and personal property owned or leased by it against
theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and all other risks customarily insured against, all
of which insurance is in full force and effect, except for such failure to
maintain insurance as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 -80-  

8.20.       Dividends .
Except as may be limited by applicable federal, state or provincial corporate
law or comparable laws, no Subsidiary of the Borrower or Holdings is currently
prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Borrower or
Holdings, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiary s capital stock
or other ownership interests, from repaying to the Borrower or Holdings any
loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Borrower or Holdings or from
transferring any of such Subsidiary s property or assets to the Borrower or
Holdings or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower or Holdings, except as
described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or contained in this Agreement.
 
 8.21.       Anti-Bribery;
Anti-Corruption . Neither Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any
director or officer of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of
Holdings and the Borrower, any agent, employee or representative of Holdings or
its Subsidiaries, or any affiliate or other person associated with or acting on
behalf of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, has (i) used any corporate funds for any
unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to
political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer,
promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment of corporate
funds or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or
employee, including, without limitation, of any government-owned or controlled
entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an
official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political
party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is
in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as amended, the Corruption of Foreign
Public Officials Act (Canada), as amended, or any applicable law or regulation
implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public
Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offense under
any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws; or (iv) made,
offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe
or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff,
influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit.
Each of Holdings and the Borrower has instituted, maintained and enforced, and
will continue to maintain and enforce, policies and procedures designed to
promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and
anti-corruption laws.  
 8.22.     
 Patriot Act; Sanctions .  
 (a)     
The operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at
all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting
Act of 1970, as amended, those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III
of the Patriot Act, those of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and
Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and the applicable money laundering statutes of
all jurisdictions in which Holdings and its Subsidiaries conduct business, the
rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental or
regulatory agency (collectively, the   Money Laundering Laws  ), and no
action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving Holdings or its Subsidiaries with
respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened.  
 (a)      Neither
Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director or officer of Holdings or
its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, any agent,
employee or representative of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, or any affiliate or
other person associated with or acting on behalf of Holdings or its Subsidiaries is (i) currently the
subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control
of the U.S. Treasury Department or the U.S. Department of State and including,
without limitation, the designation as a  specially designated national  or
 blocked person ), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her
Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
  Sanctions  ), nor is Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the
target of Sanctions or Canadian Sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria (each, a   Sanctioned Country  ) or (ii)
a Person that is a Canadian Blocked Person or an affiliate of a Canadian Blocked
Person; and the Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the
Loans hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund
or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of
such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions or
Canadian Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in
any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a
violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction,
whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions or Canadian
Sanctions. For the past five years, Holdings and its Subsidiaries have not
knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in,
any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or
transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or Canadian
Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.  
 -81-  

8.23.       Purchase
and Sale Agreement . The Purchase and Sale Agreement is in full force and
effect, and, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, no party to the
Purchase and Sale Agreement has sought to modify, amend or waive any of the
provisions thereof, (ii) except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Purchase
and Sale Agreement, no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing
or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body was required for
the execution and delivery of, or is required for the performance of, the
Purchase and Sale Agreement by Holdings and, to the knowledge of Holdings and
the Borrower, by any of the other parties thereto and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) other than the Purchase and Sale
Agreement and the agreements disclosed therein or contemplated thereby
(including the ancillary agreements relating to the Acquisition), there are no
other material agreements relating to Holdings  proposed acquisition of the
equity interests to be acquired pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement.
 
 SECTION
9.       Covenants   
 9.1.       Reports
and Other Information .  
 (a)     
Notwithstanding that Holdings may not be subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or otherwise report on an annual and
quarterly basis on forms provided for such annual and quarterly reporting
pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, so long as any Loans
are outstanding, Holdings will file with the SEC from and after the Closing
Date:  
 (i)      within 90 days (or any
other time period then in effect under the rules and regulations of the Exchange
Act with respect to the filing of a Form 10-K by a non-accelerated filer) after
the end of each fiscal year, annual reports on Form 10-K, or any successor or
comparable form, containing the information required to be contained therein, or
required in such successor or comparable form;  
 (ii)     
within 45 days (or any other time period then in effect under the rules and
regulations of the Exchange Act with respect to the filing of a Form 10-Q by a
non-accelerated filer) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters
of each fiscal year, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or any successor or comparable form, containing the
information required to be contained therein, or required in such successor or
comparable form; and  
 -82-  

(iii)     
promptly from time to time after the occurrence of an event required to be
therein reported, such other reports on Form 8-K, or any successor or comparable
form;  
 in each case, in a manner that complies in all material
respects with the requirements specified in such form;  provided  that
Holdings shall not be so obligated to file such reports with the SEC if the SEC
does not permit such filing, in which event Holdings will make available such
information to Lenders, prospective lenders, securities analysts and prospective
investors, in each case within 15 days after the time Holdings would be required
to file such information with the SEC, if it were subject to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. In addition, to the extent not satisfied by the foregoing,
Holdings will, for so long as any Loans are outstanding, furnish to Lenders and
to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the
information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the
Securities Act. 
 (b)      If
Holdings has designated any of its Subsidiaries as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
and if any such Unrestricted Subsidiary or group of Unrestricted Subsidiaries,
if taken together as one Subsidiary, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary
of Holdings , then the annual and quarterly information required by  Section
9.1(a)  shall include a presentation of selected financial metrics (in
Holdings  sole discretion) of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries as a group in the
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.  (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirements in this
 Section 9.1  shall be deemed satisfied by Holdings if Holdings furnishes
financial information relating to any parent entity of Holdings;
 provided ,   however, that the same is accompanied by selected
financial metrics (in the Borrower s sole discretion) that show the differences
between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the
information relating to Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone
basis, on the other hand.  
 (d)      To
the extent any information is not provided within the time periods specified in
this  Section 9.1  and such information is subsequently provided, Holdings
will be deemed to have satisfied its delivery obligations with respect to its
delay in delivery at such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be
deemed to have been cured.  
 9.2.       Compliance
Certificate .  
 (a)      Holdings
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, within 120 days after the end of each
fiscal year ending after the Closing Date (or 30 days after such later date as
specified in Section 9.2(a)(i)) a certificate from the principal executive
officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer stating
that a review of the activities of Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries
during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the
signing Officer with a view to determining whether Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries have kept, observed, performed and fulfilled their obligations
under this Agreement, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such
certificate, that to the best of his or her knowledge Holdings and the
Restricted Subsidiaries have kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and
every condition and covenant contained in this Agreement during such fiscal year
and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms,
provisions, covenants and conditions of this Agreement (or, if a Default shall
have occurred and is continuing, describing all such Defaults of which he or she
may have knowledge and what action Holdings is taking or proposes to take with
respect thereto).  
 -83-  

(b)      When
any Default has occurred and is continuing under this Agreement, or if the
Administrative Agent or the holder of any other evidence of Indebtedness of
Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary gives any notice or takes any other action
with respect to a claimed Default, Holdings and the Borrower shall promptly
(which shall be no more than five Business Days after becoming aware of such
Default) deliver to the Administrative Agent by registered or certified mail or
by facsimile transmission an Officer s Certificate specifying such event and
what action Holdings proposes to take with respect thereto.  
 9.3.     
 Taxes . Holdings and the Borrower shall pay or discharge, and shall cause
each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to pay or discharge, prior to delinquency,
all material taxes, assessments, and governmental levies except such as are
contested in good faith and by appropriate negotiations or proceedings or where
the failure to effect such payment or discharge is not adverse in any material
respect to the Lenders.  
 9.4.     
 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws . The
Borrower and each of the Guarantors covenant (to the extent that they may
lawfully do so) that they shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any
manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension
or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may
affect the covenants or the performance of this this Agreement; and the Borrower
and each of the Guarantors (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) hereby
expressly waive all benefit or advantage of any such law, and (to the extent
that they may lawfully do so) covenant that they shall not, by resort to any
such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, but shall suffer and permit the
execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.  
 9.5.       Limitation
on Restricted Payments .  
 (a)      Holdings
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or
indirectly:  
 (I)      declare or pay any dividend
or make any payment or distribution on account of Holdings , or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries  Equity Interests, including any dividend or
distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or
consolidation other than:  
 (A)      dividends or distributions
by Holdings payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock)
of Holdings;    or
    
 (B)      dividends, payments or
distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any
dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or
series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary, Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata
share of such dividend or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests
in such class or series of securities;   or    
   (C)       dividends or
distributions on the PIPE Securities payable in additional  shares of the
PIPE Securities or through an increase in the liquidation preference of any
 PIPE Securities;       
 (II)      purchase, redeem, defease
or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Borrower,
including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation;  
 -84-  

(III)      make
any principal payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or
retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund
payment or maturity, any Senior Unsecured Indebtedness or any Subordinated
Indebtedness, other than:  
 (A)       Indebtedness permitted under
clauses (6),  (7)  and  (8)  of  Section 9.7(b)  hereof; or  
 (B)       the purchase, repurchase or other
acquisition or redemption, defeasance or retirement for value of Senior
Unsecured Indebtedness or Subordinated Indebtedness in anticipation of
satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity,
in each case due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase or
acquisition or redemption, defeasance or retirement for value; or  
 (IV)      make any Restricted
Investment  
 (all such payments and other actions
set forth in  clauses (I)  through  (IV)  above (other than any
exception thereto) being collectively referred to as   Restricted
Payments  ), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment:  
 (1)       no Default shall have occurred and
be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof;  
 (2)       immediately after giving effect to
such transaction on a  pro forma  basis, Holdings could incur $1.00 of
additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set
forth  Section 9.7(a)  (the   Fixed Charge Coverage Test   and  
 (3)       such Restricted Payment, together
with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by Holdings and
the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date (including Restricted
Payments permitted by  Section 9.5(b)(1)  hereof, but excluding all other
Restricted Payments permitted by  Section 9.5(b)  hereof), is less than the
sum of (without duplication):  
 (a)      50% of the Consolidated Net
Income of Holdings for the period (taken as one accounting period) from the
beginning of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the Closing Date occurs
to the end of Holdings  most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal
financial statements are available at the time of such Restricted Payment, or,
in the case such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus
100% of such deficit;  plus   
 (b)      100% of the aggregate net
cash proceeds and the fair market value of marketable securities or other
property received by Holdings or the Borrower since immediately after the
Closing Date from the issue or sale of:  
 (i)      Equity Interests of
Holdings, including Treasury Capital Stock (as defined below), but excluding
cash proceeds and the fair market value of marketable securities or other
property received from the sale of:  
 (x)      Equity Interests to any
future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers, distributors
or consultants of Holdings or any of Holdings  Subsidiaries after the Closing
Date to the extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments
made in accordance with  clause (4)  of  Section 9.5(b) ; and  
 -85-  

(y)      Designated Preferred Stock;
  or    
 (ii)      Indebtedness of Holdings
or a Restricted Subsidiary that has been converted into or exchanged for such
Equity Interests of Holdings;   or     
   (iii)       the PIPE Securities;
    
  provided ,  however , that this  clause (b)
 shall not include the proceeds from (W) Refunding Capital Stock, (X) Equity
Interests or convertible debt securities of Holdings sold to a Restricted
Subsidiary, (Y) Disqualified Stock or debt securities that have been converted
into Disqualified Stock or (Z) Excluded Contributions;  plus   
 (c)      100% of the aggregate
amount of cash and the fair market value of marketable securities or other
property contributed to the capital of Holdings following the Closing Date
(other than by a Restricted Subsidiary and other than any Excluded
Contributions);  plus   
 (d)      100% of the aggregate
amount received in cash and the fair market value of marketable securities or
other property received by means of:  
 (i)      the sale or other
disposition (other than to Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary) of, or other
returns on Investments from, Restricted Investments made by Holdings or its
Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted
Investments from Holdings or its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than by Holdings
or a Restricted Subsidiary) and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of
guarantees, which constitute Restricted Investments made by Holdings or its
Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, after the Closing Date; or  
 (ii)      the
sale (other than to Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the stock of an
Unrestricted Subsidiary or a distribution from an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other
than in each case to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary
constituted a Permitted Investment) or a dividend from an Unrestricted
Subsidiary after the Closing Date;  plus   
 (e)      in the case of the
redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or the
merger, amalgamation or consolidation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or the
transfer or conveyance of the assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, into
Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case after the Closing Date, the
fair market value of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or the
assets transferred) at the time of the redesignation of such Unrestricted
Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of such merger,
amalgamation, consolidation or transfer of assets, other than to the extent the
Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary constituted a Permitted Investment.
 
 (b)      The foregoing provisions of
 Section 9.5(a)  hereof shall not prohibit:  
 -86-  

(1)      the payment of any dividend
or other distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within
60 days after the date of declaration of the dividend or other distribution or
giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of
declaration or notice, the dividend or other distribution or redemption payment
would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement;  
 (2)      (a) the redemption,
repurchase, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of any Equity Interests
(  Treasury Capital Stock  ) or Subordinated Indebtedness of Holdings or
any Restricted Subsidiary, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the
substantially concurrent sale or issuance (other than to a Restricted
Subsidiary) of, Equity Interests of Holdings to the extent contributed to
Holdings (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock) (  Refunding
Capital Stock  ), (b) the declaration and payment of dividends on Treasury
Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or
issuance (other than to a Subsidiary of Holdings or to an employee stock
ownership plan or any trust established by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries)
of Refunding Capital Stock, and (c) if, immediately prior to the retirement of
Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was
permitted under  clause (11)  of this  Section 9.5(b) , the
declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock in an
aggregate amount per year no greater than the aggregate amount of dividends
 per annum  that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock
immediately prior to such retirement;  
 (3)      (X) the prepayment,
redemption, defeasance, repurchase, exchange or other acquisition or retirement
of Senior Unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor made by exchange
for, or out of the proceeds of a substantially concurrent sale of, new
Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor or Disqualified Stock of the
Borrower or a Guarantor that, in each case, is incurred in compliance with
 Section 9.7  hereof so long as:  
 (a)      the principal amount (or
accreted value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness or the liquidation
preference of such new Disqualified Stock does not exceed the principal amount
of (or accreted value, if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on,
the Senior Unsecured Indebtedness being so prepaid, redeemed, defeased,
repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any
reasonable premium to be paid (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance
costs and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such
new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock;  
 (b)      such new Indebtedness is
unsecured;  
 (c)      such new Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock has a final scheduled maturity date or final mandatory
redemption date equal to or later than the final scheduled maturity date of the
Senior Unsecured Indebtedness being so redeemed, defeased, repurchased,
exchanged, acquired or retired (or, if earlier, the date that is 91 days after
the Term Loan Maturity Date); and  
 (d)      such new Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater
than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Senior Unsecured
Indebtedness being so redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or
retired (or requires no or nominal payments in cash prior to the date that is 91
days after the Term Loan Maturity Date);  
 -87-  

(Y) the
prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase, exchange or other acquisition or
retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor made by
exchange for, or out of the proceeds of a substantially concurrent sale of, new
Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor or Disqualified Stock of the
Borrower or a Guarantor that, in each case, is incurred in compliance with
 Section 9.7  hereof so long as:  
 (a)      the principal amount (or
accreted value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness or the liquidation
preference of such new Disqualified Stock does not exceed the principal amount
of (or accreted value, if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on,
the Subordinated Indebtedness being so prepaid, redeemed, defeased, repurchased,
exchanged, acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any reasonable
premium to be paid (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and
any fees and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such new
Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock;  
 (b)      such new Indebtedness is
subordinated to the Loans or the applicable Guarantee at least to the same
extent as such Subordinated Indebtedness so purchased, exchanged, redeemed,
defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired;  
 (c)      such
new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a final scheduled maturity date or
final mandatory redemption date equal to or later than the final scheduled
maturity date of the Subordinated Indebtedness being so redeemed, defeased,
repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or, if earlier, the date that is 91
days after the Term Loan Maturity Date); and  
 (d)      such new Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater
than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Subordinated
Indebtedness being so redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or
retired (or requires no or nominal payments in cash prior to the date that is 91
days after the Term Loan Maturity Date); and  
 (Z)      the
prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase, exchange or other acquisition or
retirement of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor made by exchange
for, or out of the proceeds of a substantially concurrent sale of, new
Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor that, in each case, is
incurred in compliance with  Section 9.7  hereof so long as:  
 (a)      the liquidation preference
of such new Disqualified Stock does not exceed the liquidation preference of,
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on, the Disqualified Stock being so
prepaid, redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired for
value, plus the amount of any reasonable premium to be paid (including
reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and any fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the issuance of such new Disqualified Stock;  
 (b)      [reserved];  
 -88-  

(c)      such new Disqualified Stock
has a final mandatory redemption date equal to or later than the final mandatory
redemption date of the Disqualified Stock being so redeemed, defeased,
repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or, if earlier, the date that is 91
days after the Term Loan Maturity Date); and  
 (d)      such new Disqualified Stock
has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Disqualified Stock being so redeemed,
defeased, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or requires no or nominal
payments in cash prior to the date that is 91 days after the Term Loan Maturity
Date);  
 (4)      a Restricted Payment to pay
for the repurchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition or retirement
for value of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of Holdings held
by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager or
consultant (including trustees, administrators, executors, powers of attorney,
heirs, assignees, estates and beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) of Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any management equity plan or stock
option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or
arrangement, or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any principal and interest payable on any notes issued
by Holdings in connection with such repurchase, retirement or other
acquisition), including any Equity Interests rolled over or purchased by
management, directors or employees of Holdings in connection with the
Transactions;  provided ,  however , that the aggregate Restricted
Payments made under this  clause (4)  does not exceed $5.0 million in any
fiscal year following the Closing Date (with unused amounts in any fiscal year
being carried over to the next two succeeding fiscal years);  provided 
 further  that such amount in any fiscal year may be increased by an amount
not to exceed:  
 (a)      the cash proceeds from the
sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) Holdings to any future,
present or former employee, director, manager or consultant (including trustees,
administrators, executors, powers of attorney, heirs, assignees, estates and
beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries
that occurs after the Closing Date, to the extent the cash proceeds from the
sale of such Equity Interests have not otherwise been applied to the payment of
Restricted Payments by virtue of  clause (3)  of  Section 9.5(a) ;
 plus   
 (b)      the cash proceeds of key
man life insurance policies received by Holdings or its Restricted Subsidiaries
after the Closing Date; less  
 (c)      the
amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash proceeds
described in  clauses (a)  and  (b)  of this  clause (4) ;  
 and  provided ,  further ,
that (i) cancellation of Indebtedness owing to Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries from any future, present or former employee, director, manager or
consultant (including trustees, administrators, executors, powers of attorney,
heirs, assignees, estates and beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) of Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests
of Holdings and (ii) the repurchase of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the
exercise of options, warrants or similar instruments if such Equity Interests
represents all or a portion of the exercise price thereof or payments, in lieu
of the issuance of fractional Equity Interests or withholding to pay other taxes
payable in connection therewith, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), will
not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this  Section
9.5  or any other provision of this Agreement;  
 -89-  

(5)      the
declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of
Disqualified Stock of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any
class or series of Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary issued in
accordance with  Section 9.7  hereof to the extent that such dividends are
included in the definition of  Fixed Charges   
 (6)      payments made or expected
to be made by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of withholding or
similar taxes payable upon exercise of Equity Interests by any future, present
or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant and any repurchases
of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options, warrants or
other convertible, exchangeable or exercisable instruments if such Equity
Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such instruments or
required withholding or similar taxes;  
 (7)      Restricted Payments in an
amount equal to the amount of Excluded Contributions previously received;  
 (8)      other Restricted Payments
in an aggregate amount taken together with all other Restricted Payments made
pursuant to this  clause (8)  (in the case of Restricted Investments, at
the time outstanding (without giving effect to the sale of an Investment to the
extent the proceeds of such sale do not consist of, or have not been
subsequently sold or transferred for, Cash Equivalents) not to exceed $15.0
million;  
 (9)      the repurchase, redemption
or other acquisition or retirement for value of any Subordinated Indebtedness in
accordance with Sections 9.8 and  9.12  hereof or with any remaining Excess
Proceeds following an Asset Sale Offer;  provided  that all Loans (and
other Additional Parity Debt, as applicable) tendered in connection with a
Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer, as applicable, have first been
repurchased, redeemed or acquired for value;  
 (10)      payments of cash,
dividends, distributions, advances or other Restricted Payments by Holdings or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to allow the payment of cash in lieu of the
issuance of fractional shares; and  
 (11)      the declaration and
payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred
Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by Holdings after the Closing Date;
 provided  that the amount of dividends paid pursuant to this  clause
(6)  shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash actually received by
Holdings from the sale of such Designated Preferred Stock;  provided,
however,  that for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for
which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date
of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such
issuance or declaration on a  pro forma  basis, Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis would have had a Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio of at least 2.00 to 1.00.  
 Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the foregoing, until the Interim Loan Conversion Date, no Restricted
Payments as defined in clauses (I)-(III) of the definition thereof shall be
permitted pursuant to Section 9.5(a) or clause (8) of Section 9.5(b) .  
 For purposes of determining
compliance with this  Section 9. 5, in the event that a Restricted Payment
(or portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of
Restricted Payments described in clauses (1) through (11) above, or is permitted
pursuant to  Section 9.5(a) , Holdings will be entitled to classify such Restricted Payment
(or portion thereof) on the date of its payment or later reclassify such
Restricted Payment (or portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this
covenant. 
 -90-  

Holdings shall not permit any
Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the
next to the last sentence of the definition of  Unrestricted Subsidiary.  For
purposes of designating any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
all outstanding Investments by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries (except
to the extent repaid) in the Subsidiary so designated shall be deemed to be
Restricted Payments in an amount determined as set forth in the penultimate
sentence of the definition of  Investments.  Such designation shall be permitted
only if a Restricted Payment in such amount would be permitted at such time,
whether pursuant to  Section 9.5(a)  or  (b)  hereof, or pursuant to
the definition of  Permitted Investments , and if such Subsidiary otherwise
meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries
will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this  Section 9.5  shall not
restrict the making of any  AHYDO catch up payment  with respect to, and
required by the terms of, any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred under the terms of this
Agreement.  
 9.6.       Dividend
and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries .  
 (a)      Holdings
will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is not the
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create or
otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual
encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any such Restricted
Subsidiary to:  
 (1)      (A) pay dividends or make
any other distributions to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
that is a Subsidiary Guarantor on its Capital Stock or with respect to any other
interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or  
 (B)      pay
any Indebtedness owed to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
that is a Guarantor;  
 (2)      make loans or advances to
Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; or  
 (3)      sell, lease or transfer any
of its properties or assets to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary.  
 (b)      The
restrictions in  Section 9.6(a)  hereof shall not apply to encumbrances or
restrictions existing under or by reason of:  
 (1)      contractual encumbrances or
restrictions pursuant to the ABL Facilities and the related documentation and
Hedging Obligations and Bank Products and other contractual encumbrances or
restrictions in effect on the Closing Date;  
 (2)      (x) this Agreement, the
Loans and the Guarantees, (y) the Senior Refinancing Indenture and the Senior
Notes and (z) the Senior Take-out Notes Indenture and the Senior Take-out Notes;
 
 -91-  

(3)      purchase
money obligations for property acquired in the ordinary course of business and
Capital Lease Obligations that impose restrictions of the nature discussed in
 clause (3)  of  Section 9.6(a)  hereof on the property so acquired;
 
 (4)      applicable law or any
applicable rule, regulation or order;  
 (5)      any agreement or other
instrument of a Person acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence at the time of such
acquisition or at the time it merges with or into Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries or assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets
from such Person (but, in any such case, not created in contemplation thereof),
which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the
properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person so acquired and its
Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the Person so acquired and its
Subsidiaries or the property or assets so acquired;  
 (6)      contracts for the sale of
assets, including customary restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary of
Holdings pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or
disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such
Subsidiary;  
 (7)      Indebtedness and Liens
otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to  Section   9.7  and
 Section 9.10 ;  
 (8)      restrictions on cash or
other deposits or net worth imposed by (i) customers, lenders or suppliers or
(ii) other third parties under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
business or arising in connection with any Permitted Liens;  
 (9)      customary provisions in
joint venture agreements and other similar agreements or arrangements relating
solely to such joint venture;  
 (10)      customary provisions
contained in contracts, leases, sub-leases, licenses, sub-licenses or similar
agreements, including with respect to intellectual property and other
agreements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business;  
 (11)      restrictions or conditions
contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply,
purchase, sale or other agreement to which Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business;
 provided  that such agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the
property or assets of Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary that are the
subject to such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds
thereof and does not extend to any other asset or property of Holdings or such
Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted
Subsidiary;  
 (12)      any encumbrance or
restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary which was previously an
Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such
Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such
Subsidiary became a Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that such agreement
was not entered into in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a
Restricted Subsidiary and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to
any assets or property of Holdings or any other Restricted Subsidiary other than
the assets and property of such Subsidiary;  
 (13)      other Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the
Closing Date pursuant to  Section 9.7 ;  provided  that, in the
judgment of Holdings, such incurrence will not materially impair the
Borrower s ability to make payments under the Loans when due;  
 -92-  

(14)      provisions limiting the
disposition or distribution of assets or property in asset sale agreements,
sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements
(including agreements entered into in connection with a Restricted Investment),
which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such
agreements;  
 (15)     
customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing
a leasehold interest of any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (16)     
customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the
ordinary course of business; (17) restrictions arising in connection with cash
or other deposits permitted under  Section 9.10 ;  
 (18)      any
encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in  clauses (1) ,
 (2)  and  (3)  of  Section 9.6(a)  hereof imposed by any
amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements,
refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or
obligations referred to in  clauses (1)  through  (17)  of this
 Section 9.6(b) ;  provided  that such amendments, modifications,
restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or
refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of Holdings, no more restrictive in
any material respect with respect to such encumbrance and other restrictions
taken as a whole than those prior to such amendment, modification, restatement,
renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing.  
 9.7.     
 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock
and   Preferred Stock .    
 (a)      Holdings
will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly
or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively,   incur  
and collectively, an   incurrence  ) with respect to any Indebtedness
(including Acquired Indebtedness) and Holdings will not issue any shares of
Disqualified Stock and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any
shares of Disqualified Stock or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not    the Borrower or   a Guarantor to issue Preferred Stock;
 provided  that Holdings may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired
Indebtedness) or issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any Restricted
Subsidiary may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), issue
shares of Disqualified Stock and any Restricted Subsidiary that is not
   a      the Borrower or a   Guarantor may issue shares of
Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a consolidated basis for
Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries for Holdings  most recently ended four
fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available
immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred
or such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is issued would have been at least
2.00 to 1.00, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application
of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had been
incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been issued, as the
case may be, and the application of proceeds therefrom had occurred at the
beginning of such four-quarter period;  provided  that the then outstanding
aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness),
Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock that may be incurred or issued, as
applicable, pursuant to this paragraph (plus any Refinancing Indebtedness in
respect thereof) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not   the Borrower or   Guarantors shall not exceed 4.0% of
Consolidated Total Assets (in each case, determined on the date of such
incurrence).  
 -93-  

(b)      The provisions of
 Section 9.7(a)  hereof shall not apply to:  
 (1)      the incurrence of
Indebtedness pursuant to Credit Facilities by Holdings or any Restricted
Subsidiary and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers 
acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and bankers  acceptances being
deemed to have a principal amount equal to the undrawn face amount thereof);
provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness outstanding
pursuant to this clause (1) without duplication, does not exceed an amount equal
to the greater of (a) $350.0 million and (b) the Borrowing Base at the time such
debt is incurred;  
 (2)      Indebtedness arising under
this Agreement (including any Guarantee);  
 (3)     
Indebtedness of the Borrower and
any Restricted Subsidiary in existence on the Closing Date (other than
Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (2) of this Section 9.7(b) outstanding
on the Closing Date);  
 (4)      Indebtedness (including
Capitalized Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations) and Disqualified
Stock incurred or issued by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary and Preferred
Stock issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, to finance the purchase, restoration,
lease or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or other assets,
including assets that are used or useful in a Similar Business, whether through
the direct purchase of assets or the Capital Stock of any Person owning such
assets in an aggregate principal amount, together with any Refinancing
Indebtedness incurred to refinance any other Indebtedness incurred under this
 clause (4) , not to exceed the greater of (a) $35.0 million and (b) 2.25%
of Consolidated Total Assets at any time outstanding;  
 (5)     
Indebtedness incurred by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit issued
in the ordinary course of business, bank guarantees, workers  compensation
claims, self-insurance obligations, bankers  acceptances, warehouse receipts,
guarantees, statutory, export or import indemnities, customs, revenue bonds or
similar instruments issued or created, including letters of credit in respect of
workers  compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or
property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other
Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers 
compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property,
casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance;  provided    that
upon the drawing of such letters of credit or the incurrence of such
Indebtedness, such obligations are reimbursed within 30 Business Days following
such drawing or incurrence;  
 (6)     
Indebtedness of Holdings to a Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that any
such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Borrower or a
Subsidiary Guarantor is subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of the
Notes by Holdings (for the avoidance of doubt, any such Indebtedness owing to a
Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor shall
be deemed to be expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of
the Notes by Holdings unless the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide
otherwise);  provided ,  further , that any subsequent issuance or
transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such
Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other
subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to Holdings or another
Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness constituting a
Permitted Lien (but not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to
be an incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this  clause (6) ;
 
 -94-  

(7)      Indebtedness of a
Restricted Subsidiary to Holdings or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided
that if the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor incurs such Indebtedness to a
Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, such
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Loans or the Guarantee
of the Loans of such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable (for the avoidance of
doubt, any such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be deemed to be expressly subordinated
in right of payment to the Loans or the Guarantee of the Loans, as applicable,
unless the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide otherwise);
 provided ,  further , that any subsequent transfer of any such
Indebtedness (except to Holdings or another Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge
of such Indebtedness constituting a Permitted Lien (but not foreclosure
thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such
Indebtedness not permitted by this  clause (7) ;  
 (8)      shares of Preferred Stock
of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to Holdings or another Restricted Subsidiary;
 provided  that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or
any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a
Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of
Preferred Stock (except to Holdings or another of its Restricted Subsidiaries or
any pledge of such Capital Stock constituting a Permitted Lien (but not
foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an issuance of such
shares of Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (8);  
 (9)     
Hedging Obligations (excluding Hedging Obligations entered into for speculative
purposes) and Permitted Bank Product Obligations;  
 (10)      the incurrence or issuance
by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness, the issuance by
Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary of Disqualified Stock or the issuance by
any Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock which serves to extend, replace,
refund, refinance, renew or defease any Indebtedness incurred or Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock issued as permitted under the first paragraph of this
covenant and clauses (2) and (3) above, this clause (10) and clauses (11), and
(16) below or any Indebtedness incurred or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
issued to so extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease such
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock including additional
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay premiums
(including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs, accrued interest and
fees and expenses in connection therewith (the   Refinancing
Indebtedness  ) prior to its respective maturity;  provided  that such
Refinancing Indebtedness:  
 (a)      has a Weighted Average Life
to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred which is not
less than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being extended, replaced, refunded,
refinanced, renewed or defeased (or requires no or nominal payments in cash
prior to the date that is 91 days after the Term Loan Maturity Date);  
 (b)      to the extent such
Refinancing Indebtedness extends, replaces, refunds, refinances, renews or
defeases (i) Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any
Guarantee thereof, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of
payment to the Loans or the Guarantee thereof at least to the same extent as the
Indebtedness being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased
or (ii) Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness
must be Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively; and 
 -95-  

(c)      shall not include: 
 (i) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not the Borrower or a
Subsidiary Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of
Holdings;  
 (ii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not the Borrower or a
Subsidiary Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor; or  
 (iii) Indebtedness or Disqualified
Stock of Holdings or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a
Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary;  
 and,  provided ,  further ,
that subclause (a) of this clause (10) will not apply to any extension,
replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance of any Credit
Facilities or ABL Debt. 
 (11)      (x) Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock of Holdings and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, incurred or issued to finance an acquisition
(or other purchase of assets) or (y) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock of Persons that are acquired by Holdings or any Restricted
Subsidiary or merged into or consolidated with Holdings or a Restricted
Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;  provided  that
in the case of (x) and (y) after giving effect to such acquisition, merger,
amalgamation or consolidation, either (a) Holdings would be permitted to incur
at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage
Test or (b) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries is equal to or greater than immediately prior to such acquisition,
amalgamation or merger;  
 (12)     
Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a
letter of credit issued pursuant to Credit Facilities permitted under this
 Section 9.7 , in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of
such letter of credit;  
 (13)      (a) any guarantee by
Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of any
Restricted Subsidiary so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness incurred by
such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under the terms of this Agreement, or
(b) any guarantee by a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of Holdings;
provided that such guarantee is incurred in accordance with  Section 9.13 ;
 
 (14)      (a) Indebtedness
consisting of Indebtedness issued by Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to future, present or former employees, directors, officers,
managers and consultants thereof (including trustees, administrators, executors,
powers of attorney, heirs, assignees, estates and beneficiaries), in each case
to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of Holdings to the
extent described in  Section 9.5(b)(4)  or (b) Indebtedness representing
deferred compensation to employees of Holdings or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
 (15)      Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock of Holdings and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary not otherwise permitted hereunder in an
aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference which, when aggregated with
the principal amount and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred pursuant to
this clause (15), does not at any one time outstanding exceed $25.0 million (in
each case, determined on the date of such incurrence); it being understood that
any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to
this clause (15) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes
of this clause (15) but shall be deemed incurred for the purposes of the first
paragraph of this covenant from and after the first date on which Holdings or
such Restricted Subsidiary could have incurred such Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock under the first paragraph of this covenant without
reliance on this clause (15);  

(16)      Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock of Holdings and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount or
liquidation preference up to 100% of the net cash proceeds received by Holdings
since immediately after the Closing Date from the issue or sale of Equity
Interests of Holdings or cash contributed to the capital of Holdings (in each
case, other than proceeds of Disqualified Stock, sales of Equity Interests to
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or Excluded Contributions) as determined in
accordance with  Section 9.5(a)(3)(b)  and  Section 9.5(a)(3)(c)  to
the extent such net cash proceeds or cash have not been applied pursuant to such
clauses to make Restricted Payments or to make other Investments, payments or
exchanges pursuant to  Section 9.5(b)  or to make Permitted Investments
(other than Permitted Investments specified in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of the
definition thereof);  
 (17)      Indebtedness arising from
agreements of Holdings or the Restricted Subsidiaries providing for
indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earnouts or similar obligations,
in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or
disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary, other than guarantees of
Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such
business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition;
 provided ,  however , that the maximum assumable liability in respect
of all such Indebtedness shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds including
non-cash proceeds (the fair market value of such non-cash proceeds being
measured at the time received and without giving effect to any subsequent
changes in value) actually received by Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries
in connection with such disposition;  
 (18)     
obligations in respect of self-insurance and performance, bid, appeal and surety
bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided
by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business or consistent with past practice;  
 (19)      Indebtedness arising from
the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or
similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds;  provided  that such
Indebtedness is extinguished within ten Business Days of its incurrence; ( 
 20)      Indebtedness of Holdings or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of (i) the financing of insurance
premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements in
each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
 (21)      Indebtedness of Holdings
and any Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings to the extent the proceeds of such
Indebtedness are deposited and used to defease or satisfy and discharge any
Senior Notes or Senior Take-Out Notes;  
 -97-  

(22)      Indebtedness incurred on
behalf of, or representing guarantees of Indebtedness of, joint ventures of the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary not in excess, at any one time
outstanding, of $7.5 million;  
 (23)      obligations or commitments
to public utilities or to any municipalities or governmental or other public
authorities in connection with the maintenance of or supply of services or
utilities to Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary;  
 (24)      endorsement of instruments
or other payment items by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary for deposit;
 
 (25)      to the extent constituting
Indebtedness, customer deposits and advance payments (including progress
premiums) received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods
purchased in the ordinary course of business;  
 (26)      Indebtedness incurred by a
Restricted Subsidiary in connection with bankers  acceptances, discounted bills
of exchange or the discounting or factoring of receivables or payables for
credit management purposes, in each case incurred or undertaken consistent with
past practice or in the ordinary course of business on arm s length commercial
terms; and (27) the incurrence of Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries of
Holdings that are not Guarantors in an amount outstanding under this clause  
 (27)      not to exceed together
with any other Indebtedness incurred under this clause (27) the greater of (a)
$10.0 million and (b) 1.0% of Consolidated Total Assets (in each case,
determined on the date of such incurrence); it being understood that any
Indebtedness deemed incurred pursuant to this clause (27) shall cease to be
deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes of this clause (27) but shall be
deemed incurred for the purposes of the first paragraph of this covenant from
and after the first date on which Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiaries could
have incurred such Indebtedness under the first paragraph of this covenant
without reliance on this clause (27).  
 (c)      For purposes of determining
compliance with this  Section 9.7 :  
 (x)      in the event that an item
of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof)
meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock described in  clauses (1)  through
 (27)  of  Section 9.7(b)  or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to
 Section 9.7(a)  hereof, Holdings, in its sole discretion, may classify or
reclassify such item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or
any portion thereof) as one or more types of Indebtedness in  clauses (1) 
through  (27)  of this  Section 9.7(b)  or under  Section 9.7(a) 
hereof;  provided  that all Indebtedness outstanding under the ABL
Facilities on the Closing Date shall be treated as incurred on the Closing Date
under  clause (1)  of  Section 9.7(b)  hereof; and  
 (y)      Holdings shall be entitled
to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of
Indebtedness described in  Sections 9.7(a)  and  9.7(b)  hereof.  
 (d)      Accrual
of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or
amortization of original issue discount and the payment of interest or dividends
in the form of additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock,
as the case may be, shall not be deemed to be an incurrence or issuance of
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this
 Section 9.7  or  Section 9.10 . Any Refinancing Indebtedness and any
Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this Agreement to refinance
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to  clauses (1)  and  (15)  of  Section 9.7(b)  hereof shall be deemed to include
additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay
premiums (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs, fees and
expenses in connection with such refinancing.  
 -98-  

(e)      For
purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction
on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount
of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on
the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was
incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving
credit debt;  provided  that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance
other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would
cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if
calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such
refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to
have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing
Indebtedness does not exceed (x) the principal amount of such Indebtedness being
refinanced plus (y) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts,
premiums (including tender premiums, defeasance costs and other costs and
expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees)
incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness.  
 The principal amount of any
Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a
different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated
based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such
respective Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such
refinancing.  
 (f)      Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, Holdings shall not, and shall not permit the Borrower
or any Subsidiary Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, incur any Indebtedness
(including Acquired Indebtedness) that is contractually subordinated or junior
in right of payment to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as
the case may be, unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of
payment to the Loans or such Guarantor s Guarantee to the extent and in the same
manner as such Indebtedness is subordinated to other Indebtedness of the
Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be. Unsecured Indebtedness shall not
be treated as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because it
is unsecured. Indebtedness shall not be treated as subordinated or junior to any
other Indebtedness merely because it has a junior priority with respect to the
same collateral or because it is guaranteed by other obligors.  
 9.8.       Asset
Sales .  
 (a)      Holdings
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to consummate
an Asset Sale, unless:  
 (1)     
Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives
consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the fair market
value (such fair market value to be determined by Holdings at the time of
contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise
disposed of;  
 (2)      except in the case of a
Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75% of the consideration therefor, on a per
transaction basis, received by Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the
case may be, is in the form of Cash Equivalents;  provided  that the
following amounts shall be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for the purposes of
this  Section 9.8 :  
 (A)      any liabilities (as shown
on Holdings  or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet or in the
footnotes thereto or, if incurred or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities
that would have been shown on Holdings  or such Restricted Subsidiary s balance
sheet or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence or increase had taken place
on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined by Holdings) of
Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their
terms subordinated to the Notes, that are assumed by the transferee of any such
assets and for which Holdings and all of its Restricted Subsidiaries have been
validly released by all applicable creditors or indemnified in writing;  
 -99-  

(B)      any securities, notes or
other obligations or assets received by Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary
from such transferee that are converted by Holdings or such Restricted
Subsidiary into Cash Equivalents (to the extent of Cash Equivalents received)
within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale;  
 (C)      any Designated Non-cash
Consideration received by Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such
Asset Sale having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other
Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (c) that is
at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (i) $25.0 million or
2.00% of Consolidated Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such Designated
Non-cash Consideration, with the fair market value in each case being measured
at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value;
and  
 (D)      any stock or assets of the
kind referred to in  clauses (2)(a) or 2(c) of   Section 9.5(b) ; and
 
 (3)      if
such Asset Sale involves the disposition of Collateral, the Borrower or such
Guarantor has complied with the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral
Documents.  
 (b)      Within 365 days after the
receipt of any Net Proceeds of any Asset Sale, Holdings or such Restricted
Subsidiary, at its option, may apply the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale,  
 (1)      to reduce or offer to
reduce Indebtedness as follows:  
 (A)      if
the assets subject to such Asset Sale constitute Collateral, to permanently
repay any ABL Debt or to reduce (or offer to reduce, as applicable) Obligations
under the Loans, Senior Notes, the Senior Take-out Notes and any Additional
Parity Debt on a pro rata basis;  
 (B)      if the assets subject to
such Asset Sale do not constitute Collateral, to reduce Obligations under Senior
Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien, which Lien is permitted by this
Agreement;  
 (C)      if the assets subject to
such Asset Sale do not constitute Collateral, to permanently reduce (or offer to
reduce) Obligations under other Senior Indebtedness (and to correspondingly
reduce commitments with respect thereto),  provided  that the Borrower
shall equally and ratably reduce (or offer to reduce, as applicable) Obligations
under the Loans and any Additional Parity Debt on a pro rata basis; or  
 (D)      if
the assets subject to such Asset Sale are the property or assets of a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, to permanently reduce
Indebtedness of (i) such Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Borrower or a
Guarantor, other than Indebtedness owed to Holdings or another Restricted
Subsidiary or (ii) the Borrower or a Guarantor; or  
 -100-  

(2)      to make (a) an Investment
in any one or more businesses,  provided  that such Investment in any
business is in the form of the acquisition of Capital Stock and results in
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an
amount of the Capital Stock of such business such that it constitutes a
Restricted Subsidiary, (b) capital expenditures or (c) acquisitions of other
assets, in the case of each of (a), (b) and (c) that are used or useful in a
Similar Business;  provided  that the assets (including Capital Stock)
acquired with the Net Proceeds of a disposition of Collateral are pledged as
Collateral to the extent required under the Collateral Documents (except to the
extent the Lien thereon is released in accordance with the terms of the
Collateral Documents); or  
 (3)      to make an investment in
(a) any one or more businesses,  provided  that such Investment in any
business is in the form of the acquisition of Capital Stock and results in
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an
amount of the Capital Stock of such business such that it constitutes a
Restricted Subsidiary, (b) properties or (c) acquisitions of other assets, in
the case of each of (a), (b) and (c) that replace the businesses, properties
and/or assets that are subject of such Asset Sale;  provided  that the
assets (including Capital Stock) acquired with the Net Proceeds of a disposition
of Collateral are pledged as Collateral to the extent required under the
Collateral Documents (except to the extent the Lien thereon is released in
accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents);  
  provided    that, in the case of  clause (2) 
and  (3)  above, a binding commitment entered into not later than such
365th day shall extend the period for such Investment or other payment for an
additional 180 days after the end of such 365-day period so long as Holdings or
such other Restricted Subsidiary enters into such commitment with the good faith
expectation that such Net Proceeds will be applied to satisfy such commitment
within 180 days of such commitment (an   Acceptable Commitment  ) and, in
the event any Acceptable Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any
reason before the Net Proceeds are applied in connection therewith, then such
Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess Proceeds.  
 (c)      Any
Net Proceeds that are not invested or applied as provided and within the time
period set forth in  Section 9.8(b)  shall be deemed to constitute
  Excess Proceeds .  When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds
$25.0 million, the Borrower shall (x) prepay the Loans, and, (y) if required or
permitted by the terms of any Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Loans
(  Pari Passu Indebtedness  ), to prepay or offer to prepay the amount of
Loans and such Pari Passu Indebtedness (an   Asset Sale Offer  ), to prepay
a maximum aggregate principal amount of the Loans, Senior Notes or Senior
Take-out Notes, as applicable, and such Senior Indebtedness that is a minimum of
$2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof that may be purchased
out of the Excess Proceeds at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100%
of the principal amount thereof (or accreted value thereof, if less),
 plus  accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date fixed for the
closing of such offer and, if applicable, additional interest, if any, to the
date fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this Agreement.  
 To      the
extent that the aggregate amount of Loans and such Pari Passu Indebtedness
tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds,
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for
general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in this
Agreement. If the aggregate principal amount of Loans or Pari Passu Indebtedness
surrendered by such holders thereof exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds,
Holdings or the applicable trustee, as applicable, shall select the Loans and
Pari Passu Indebtedness to be prepaid on a pro rata basis (so long as an
authorized denomination results therefrom) based on the accreted value or principal amount of the Loans or Pari Passu Indebtedness, as
applicable. Upon completion of any such Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess
Proceeds shall be reset at zero. 
 -101-  

(d)      Pending
the final application of any Net Proceeds pursuant to this  Section 9.8 ,
the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary may apply such Net Proceeds
temporarily to reduce Indebtedness outstanding under a revolving credit facility
or otherwise invest such Net Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this
Agreement.  
 9.9.       Transactions
with Affiliates .  
 (a)      Holdings
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any
payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its
properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into
or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan,
advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Borrower
(each of the foregoing, an   Affiliate Transaction  ) involving aggregate
payments or consideration in excess of $5.0 million, unless:  
 (1)      such Affiliate Transaction
is on terms that are not materially less favorable to Holdings or its relevant
Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable
transaction by Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person
on an arm s-length basis; and  
 (2)      Holdings delivers to the
Administrative Agent with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of
related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration in
excess of $10.0 million, a resolution adopted in good faith by a majority of the
board of directors of the Borrower approving such Affiliate Transaction and set
forth in an Officer s Certificate certifying that such Affiliate Transaction
complies with  clause (1)  of this  Section 9.9(a) .  
 (b)       The provisions of  Section
9.9(a)  hereof shall not apply to the following:  
 (1)      transactions between or
among Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any entity that becomes
a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction;  
 (2)      Restricted Payments
permitted by Section 9.5 hereof or the definition of  Permitted Investments 
 
 (3)      (A) employment agreements,
employee benefit and incentive compensation plans and arrangements and (B) the
payment of reasonable fees, expenses and compensation paid to, and indemnities
and reimbursements and employment and severance arrangements provided on behalf
of, or for the benefit of, former, current or future officers, directors,
managers, employees, distributors or consultants of Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries;  
 (4)      transactions in which
Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to
the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating
that such transaction is fair to Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary from a
financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less
favorable, when taken as a whole, to Holdings or its relevant Restricted
Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction
by Holdings or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an
arm s-length basis;  
 -102-  

(5)      the Transactions and the
payment of all fees and expenses related to the Transactions, including the
Transaction Expenses;  
 (6)      transactions with
customers, clients, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners or purchasers
or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of business
or consistent with past practice and otherwise in compliance with the terms of
this Agreement which are fair to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries,
in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of the Borrower or the
senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as might
reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party;  
 (7)      the issuance or transfer of
Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of Holdings to any director,
officer, employee or consultant;  
 (8)      payments on Indebtedness
and Disqualified Stock (and cancellation of any thereof) of Holdings and its
Restricted Subsidiaries and Preferred Stock (and cancellation of any thereof) of
any Restricted Subsidiary to any future, current or former employee, director,
officer, manager or consultant of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or
employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder
agreement that are, in each case, approved by Holdings in good faith; and any
employment agreements, stock option plans and other compensatory arrangements
(and any successor plans thereto) and any supplemental executive retirement
benefit plans or arrangements with such employees, directors, officers, managers
or consultants which, in each case, are approved by Holdings in good faith;  
 (9)      the pledge of Equity
Interests of any Unrestricted Subsidiary;  
 (10)      payments to or from, and
transactions with, joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries entered into in
the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (including,
without limitation, any cash management activities related thereto);  
 (11)      any contributions to the
common equity capital of Holdings;  
 (12)     
transactions permitted by, and complying with, the provisions of  Section
9.14 ;  
 (13)     
transactions between Holdings or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and any
Person, the sole affiliation to Holdings or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries
of which is that a director of such Person is also a director of Holdings;
 provided ,  however , that such director abstains from voting as a
director of Holdings on any matter involving such other Person;  
 (14)      intellectual property
licenses in the ordinary course of business;    and     
 (15)      any agreement or
arrangement as in effect as of the Closing Date, or any amendment thereto (so
long as any such amendment is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the
Lenders when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in
effect on the Closing Date) .   ; and
   
   (16)       any issuance of Capital
Stock, any redemption or other payment in respect of the  PIPE Securities or
such Capital Stock, or any payment of registration or other expenses to or on
 behalf of any investor in the PIPE Securities or such Capital Stock, in each
case pursuant to the  terms of the PIPE Securities or other agreements and
documents entered into in connection  therewith.       
 -103-  

9.10.       Liens .
Holdings shall not, and shall not permit the Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any Lien (except Permitted Liens) that secures Obligations under any
Indebtedness or any related guarantee of Holdings, the Borrower or any
Subsidiary Guarantor (any such Lien, the   Initial Lien  ) on any asset or
property of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, or any income or
profits therefrom, or assign or convey any right to receive income therefrom,
except, in the case of any asset or property that does not constitute Collateral
(including assets or property that previously constituted Collateral that have
been released from the Liens securing the Loans and the Guarantees), any Initial
Lien on such assets or property shall be permitted notwithstanding it is not a
Permitted Lien if, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, the Loans are
equally and ratably secured with (or on a senior basis to, in the case such
Initial Lien secures any Subordinated Indebtedness) the obligations secured by
such Initial Lien until such time as such obligations are no longer secured by
an Initial Lien on such assets or property.  
 Any Lien which is granted to
secure the Loans under this  Section 9.10  shall provide by its terms that
such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged
upon the release and discharge of the Initial Lien which release and discharge
in the case of any sale of any such asset or property shall not affect any Lien
that the Collateral Agent may have on the proceeds from such sale.  
 9.11.       Corporate
Existence . Subject to  Sections 9.14  and  9.15 , Holdings shall
do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force
and effect (i) its existence, whether corporate, partnership, limited liability
company or other existence, as the case may be, and (ii) the corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or other existence of each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries, in accordance with the respective organizational
documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of Holdings or any such
Restricted Subsidiary;  provided  that Holdings shall not be required to
preserve any such right, license or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or
other existence of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower),
if Holdings in good faith shall determine that the preservation thereof is no
longer desirable in the conduct of the business of Holdings and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
 9.12.     
 Offer to Repurchase upon Change of Control .  
 (a)      If
a Change of Control occurs, unless otherwise prepaid in accordance with
 Section 5.2(a)  or  Section 9.8  hereof, the Borrower shall make an
offer to prepay all of the Loans pursuant to the offer described below (the
  Change of Control Offer  ) at a price in cash (the   Change of Control
Prepayment  ) equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus
accrued and unpaid interest, to the date of purchase, subject to the right of
Lenders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control,
the Borrower shall send notice of such Change of Control Offer by first-class
mail, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, to each Lender to the address of
such Lender appearing in the Register with a copy to the Administrative Agent,
with the following information:  
 (1)      that
a Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this  Section 9.12  and
that such Lender has the right to require the Borrower to prepay such Lender s
Loans;  
 (2)      the
prepayment amount and the prepayment date, which will be no earlier than 15 days
nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the   Change of
Control Prepayment Date    
 (3)      that
any Loans not properly accepted for prepayment pursuant to this  Section
9.12  will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest;  
 -104-  

(4)      that
unless the Borrower defaults in the prepayment of the Change of Control
Prepayment, all Loans accepted for prepayment pursuant to the Change of Control
Offer will cease to accrue interest on the Change of Control Prepayment Date;
 
 (5)      that
Lenders electing to have their Loans prepaid pursuant to a Change of Control
Offer shall be required to give written notice to the Administrative Agent prior
to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Change of
Control Payment Date;  
 (6)    
that Lenders shall be entitled to
withdraw their election to require the Borrower to prepay such Loans,
 provided  that the Borrower receives, not later than the close of business
on the expiration date of the Change of Control Offer, a facsimile transmission
or letter setting forth the name of the Lender, the principal amount of Loans
accepted for prepayment, and a statement that such Lender is withdrawing its
election to have such Loans prepaid;  
 (7)      [Reserved].  
 (8)    
that if such notice is delivered
prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control stating that the Change of
Control Offer is conditional on the occurrence of such Change of Control and
shall describe each such condition, and, if applicable, shall state that, in the
Borrower s discretion, the Change of Control Payment Date may be delayed until
such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or that such
purchase may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or
all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Change of Control
Payment Date, or by the Change of Control Payment Date as so delayed; and  
 (9)      the other instructions, as
determined by the Borrower, consistent with this  Section 9.12 , that a
Lender must follow.  
 The notice, if mailed in a manner
herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or
not the Lender receives such notice. If (a) the notice is mailed in a manner
herein provided and (b) any Lender fails to receive such notice or a Lender
receives such notice but it is defective, such Lender s failure to receive such
notice or such defect shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the
purchase of the Loans as to all other Lenders that properly received such notice
without defect.  
 (b)      On
the Change of Control Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall, to the extent
permitted by law,  
 (i)      prepay all Loans, or portions thereof, accepted for prepayment in accordance
with this  Section 9.12 , pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;  
 (ii)      deposit with the
Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate Change of Control
Prepayment in respect of all Loans or portions thereof so accepted for
prepayment; and  
 (iii)      deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Administrative Agent, an Officer s Certificate to the
Administrative Agent stating that such Loans or portions thereof have been
prepaid by the Borrower.  
 (c)      The
Borrower shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer following a
Change of Control if a third-party makes the Change of Control Offer in the
manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth
in this Section 9.12 applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the
Borrower and repays all Loans accepted for prepayment pursuant to such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of
Control, conditional upon such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is
in place for the Change of Control at the time of making of the Change of
Control Offer.  
 -105-  

(d)      Other
than as specifically provided in this  Section 9.12 , any prepayment
pursuant to this  Section 9.12  shall be made pursuant to the provisions of
 Sections 5.2 ,  5.5  and  5.6  hereof.  
 (e)      The
provisions of this  Section 9.12 , and the definition of  Change of
Control,  may be waived or modified with the written consent of the Required
Lenders.  
 9.13.     
 Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries . Holdings shall not
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower or a
Subsidiary Guarantor), to guarantee the payment of any Domestic Priority Debt of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor unless it (i) causes (in the case of
any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary or a Canadian CFC)
and (ii) uses commercially reasonable efforts to cause (in the case of any
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a Canadian CFC):  
 (1)      such Restricted Subsidiary
within 30 days executes and delivers a Supplemental Guarantee substantially in
the form of  Exhibit A  hereto providing for a Guarantee by such Restricted
Subsidiary,  provided  that if such Indebtedness is by its express terms
subordinated in right of payment to the Loans or such Guarantor s Guarantee, any
such guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary with respect to such Indebtedness
shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee substantially to the
same extent as such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Loans; and  
 (2)      such Restricted Subsidiary
to waive and will not in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or
advantage of, any rights of reimbursement, indemnity or subrogation or any other
rights against Holdings or any other Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any
payment by such Restricted Subsidiary under its Guarantee.  
  provided  that this  Section
9.13  shall not be applicable to any guarantee of any Restricted Subsidiary
that existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary and was not
incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a
Restricted Subsidiary.  
 Holdings may elect, in its sole
discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a
Guarantor to become a Guarantor, in which case such Subsidiary shall not be
required to comply with the 30 day period described in clause (1) above.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Holdings shall not be obligated to cause any Foreign Subsidiary or a Canadian
CFC to Guarantee the Loans to the extent and for so long as the incurrence of
such Guarantee could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in: (1)
any violation of applicable law or regulation; (2) any liability for the
officers, directors or shareholders of such Restricted Subsidiary; (3) any cost,
expense, liability or obligation (including with respect to any non-U.S. taxes)
other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and other than reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with any governmental or regulatory filings required as a
result of, or undertaken in connection with, such Guarantee, which in any case
cannot be avoided through measures reasonably available to Holdings or a
Restricted Subsidiary; or (4) an inconsistency with the Intercreditor Agreement
or the Agreed Security Principles. 
 Holdings shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause Co peratie SunOpta U.A., an entity
organized under the laws of The Netherlands (  Co peratie  ) to guarantee
the Loans within 90 days after the Closing Date or as soon as reasonably
practicable thereafter (in the good faith determination of Holdings).  
 -106-  

Any Restricted Subsidiary that is
not obligated to provide a Guarantee due to the exceptions set forth in the
second preceding paragraph shall not be permitted to guarantee the payment of
any Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Foreign Subsidiary or a Canadian CFC unless such Indebtedness is Domestic
Priority Debt. 
 Each additional Guarantee may
include such guarantee limitation provisions (including those that relate to
fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, financial assistance,
corporate benefit or purpose, thin capitalization, distributable reserves,
capital maintenance or similar laws, regulations or defenses affecting the
rights of creditors generally) or other provisions reasonably required to comply
with applicable laws of its jurisdiction of organization when entering into its
Guarantee or such other document that may evidence such Guarantee. 
 In the event a Restricted
Subsidiary is required to and is able to provide a Guarantee in accordance with
this covenant, concurrently with the execution and delivery of such Guarantee or
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, such Restricted Subsidiary will,
subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Agreed Security Principles,
execute and deliver a joinder agreement to the Collateral Documents or other
agreements or instruments providing for a pledge of its assets as Collateral for
the Loans substantially consistent with the security documents relating to the
applicable Domestic Priority Debt securing such assets. For the avoidance of
doubt, such joinder, agreements or instruments may include such additional
provisions that are reasonably required to comply with applicable laws of such
Restricted Subsidiary s jurisdiction of organization relating to the second
priority nature of the Lien, the nature of the indebtedness being secured, the
limited discretion that may be exercised by a notes collateral agent and other
customary or required differences or exceptions to reflect the differences
between a first priority security interest and a second priority security
interest.  
 9.14.       Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets .  
 (a)      Neither
Holdings nor the Borrower shall consolidate, amalgamate or merge with or into or
wind up into (whether or not Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, is the
surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or more related
transactions, to any Person unless:  
 (1)      either: (x) Holdings or the
Borrower, as the case may be, is the surviving entity; or (y) the Person formed
by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if other than
Holdings or the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease,
conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a Person organized or
existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of Holdings or the
Borrower, as applicable, or the laws of the United States, any state thereof,
the District of Columbia or any territory thereof or, in the case of Holdings,
the laws of Canada or any province thereof (such Person, as the case may be,
being herein called the   Successor Company    provided  that if the
surviving Person is not a corporation, a corporation organized or existing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower or the laws of the
United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory
thereof shall be a co-Borrower of the Loans;  
 (2)      the Successor Company, if
other than Holdings or the Borrower, expressly assumes all the obligations of
Holdings or the Borrower, as the case may be, under the Loans and the Collateral
Documents pursuant to a supplemental agreement or other documents or
instruments;  
 -107-  

(3)      immediately after such
transaction, no Default exists;  
 (4)      immediately after giving
 pro forma  effect to such transaction and any related financing
transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of the
applicable four quarter period,  
 (A)     
Holdings (or, if applicable the Successor Company) would be permitted to incur
at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio test set forth in  Section 9.7(a)  hereof, or  
 (B)      the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for Holdings (or, if applicable, the Successor
Company) and the Restricted Subsidiaries would be equal to or greater than the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
immediately prior to such transaction;  
 (5)      each Guarantor, unless it
is the other party to the transactions described above, in which case  Section
9.14(c)(1)(B)  hereof shall apply, shall have by supplemental agreement
confirmed that its Guarantee shall apply to such Person s obligations under this
Agreement, the Loans and the Collateral Documents; and  
 (6)      Holdings (or, if
applicable, the Successor Company) shall have delivered to the Administrative
Agent an Officer s Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger,
amalgamation or transfer and such supplemental agreements, if any, comply with
this Agreement and, if a supplemental agreement is required in connection with
such transaction, such supplement shall comply with the applicable provisions of
this Agreement.  
 (b) The Successor Company shall
succeed to, and be substituted for Holdings or the Borrower, as the case may be,
under this Agreement, the Guarantees, the Loans, the Collateral Documents, the
Senior Refinancing Indenture and the Senior Notes as applicable. Notwithstanding
 clauses (3)  and  (4)  of  Section 9.14(a)  hereof,  
 (1)      any Restricted Subsidiary
that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor may consolidate or amalgamate with, merge
with or into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to Holdings or
any Restricted Subsidiary,  
 (2)      any Subsidiary Guarantor
may consolidate or amalgamate with or merge with or into or transfer all or part
of its properties and assets to Holdings, the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor
(or to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor if that
Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor)  
 (3)      (a) Holdings may merge with
an Affiliate of Holdings solely for the purpose of reincorporating Holdings in
Canada or any province or territory thereof or in the United States, any state
thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof and (b) the Borrower
may merge with an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of
reincorporating the Borrower in the United States, any state thereof, the
District of Columbia or any territory thereof, in the case of each of clauses
(a) and (b), so long as the amount of Indebtedness of Holdings and the
Restricted Subsidiaries is not increased thereby.  
 (c)        Subject to certain
limitations described in this Agreement governing release of a Guarantee upon
the sale, disposition or transfer of a Subsidiary Guarantor, no Subsidiary
Guarantor shall, and the Borrower shall not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to,
consolidate or merge with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor is
the surviving corporation), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in
one or more related transactions, to any Person unless:  
 -108-  

(1)      (A)
such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or
surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if other than such
Subsidiary Guarantor) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease,
conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a Person organized or
existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary
Guarantor, as applicable, or the laws of the United States, any state thereof,
the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (such surviving Subsidiary
Guarantor or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the
  Successor Person    
 (B)      the Successor Person, if
other than such Subsidiary Guarantor, expressly assumes all the obligations of
such Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement and such Subsidiary Guarantor s
related Guarantee pursuant to supplemental agreements or other documents or
instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;  
 (C)      immediately after such
transaction, no Default exists; and  
 (D)     
Holdings shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Officer s
Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger, amalgamation or transfer
and such supplemental agreements, if any, comply with this Agreement; or  
 (2)      with respect to the
Subsidiary Guarantors, the transaction is an Asset Sale that is made in
compliance with  Section 9.8  hereof.  
 (d)     
Subject to certain limitations described in this Agreement, the Successor Person
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, such Subsidiary Guarantor under this
Agreement and such Guarantor s Guarantee. The foregoing clauses do not apply to
the Transactions or any related transaction occurring on the Closing Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Subsidiary Guarantor may (i) merge or
consolidate with or into, wind up into or transfer all or part of its properties
and assets to another Guarantor or the Borrower, (ii) merge with an Affiliate of
Holdings solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Subsidiary Guarantor in
the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory
thereof or (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership,
limited liability corporation or trust organized or existing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary Guarantor or (iv) liquidate
or dissolve or change its legal form if Holdings determines in good faith that
such action is in the best interests of Holdings and is not materially adverse
to the interests of the Lenders, in each case without regard to the requirements
set forth in the preceding paragraph.  
 (e)      Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase
Agreement shall be permitted without compliance with this  Section 9.14 .
 
 9.15.     
 Successor Corporation Substituted . Upon any consolidation, amalgamation
or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower in
accordance with  Section 9.14  hereof, the successor corporation formed by
such consolidation or into or with which the Borrower is merged or to which such
sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
consolidation, merger, amalgamation, sale, lease, conveyance or other
disposition, the provisions of this Agreement referring to the Borrower shall
refer instead to the successor corporation and not to the Borrower), and may
exercise every right and power of the Borrower under this Agreement with the
same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Borrower herein;
 provided  that the predecessor Borrower shall not be
relieved from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest, if any, on
the Loans except in the case of a sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or
other disposition of all of the Borrower s assets that meets the requirements of  Section 9.14  hereof.  
 -109-  

9.16.       Use
of Proceeds . All proceeds of the Senior Interim Loans will be used by
Holdings and its Subsidiaries to effect the Transactions.  
 9.17.       Further
Assurances . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Agreed Security Principles), the
Intercreditor Agreement and the Collateral Documents, at any time and from time
to time, at the expense of each Loan Party, such Loan Party will execute any and
all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and
take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing
statements and other documents and the payment of any fees and taxes required in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement), which may be
required under any applicable law, or which the Collateral Agent may reasonably
request, in order to grant, preserve, protect and perfect the validity and
priority of the security interests created or intended to be created. 
 SECTION
10.       Collateral Documents.   
 10.1.       Collateral
and Collateral Documents .  
 (a)      The
due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans when and
as the same shall be due and payable, whether on an interest payment date, at
maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption or otherwise, and interest on
the overdue principal of and interest on the Loans and performance of all other
Obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors to the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under this Agreement, the Loans and
the Collateral Documents, according to the terms hereunder or thereunder, shall
be secured as provided in the Collateral Documents, which define the terms of
the Liens that secure the Loans and such other Obligations, subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Administrative Agent and the Borrower hereby
acknowledge and agree that subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the
Collateral Agent holds the Collateral in trust for the benefit of the Collateral
Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in each case pursuant to the
terms of the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement. Each Lender,
by extending Loans, consents and agrees to the terms of the Collateral Documents
(including the provisions providing for the possession, use, release and
foreclosure of Collateral) and the Intercreditor Agreement, and authorizes and
directs the Collateral Agent to enter into the Collateral Documents and the
Intercreditor Agreement and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights
thereunder in accordance therewith. It is hereby expressly acknowledged and
agreed that, in doing so, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are
not responsible for the terms or contents of such agreements, or for the
validity or enforceability thereof, or the sufficiency thereof for any purpose.
Subject to the terms and provisions hereof, the Intercreditor Agreement and the
Agreed Security Principles, the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent
copies of all documents pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and shall do or
cause to be done all such acts and things as may be reasonably required by the
next sentence of this  Section 10.1(a)  to assure and confirm to the
Collateral Agent the security interest in the Collateral contemplated hereby, by
the Collateral Documents or any part thereof, as from time to time constituted,
so as to render the same available for the security and benefit of this
Agreement and of the Loans secured hereby, according to the intent and purposes
herein expressed. Holdings shall, and shall cause it s Restricted Subsidiaries
to, use its and their commercially reasonable efforts to take any and all
actions reasonably required to cause the Collateral Documents to create and
maintain, as security for the Obligations, a valid and enforceable perfected
Lien and security interest in and on all of the Collateral (subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement), in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, subject only to Permitted Liens.  
 -110-  

(b)      Holdings
and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be bound by the Agreed Security
Principles.  
 (c)     
Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary of Holdings that is a
Subsidiary Guarantor as of the Closing Date shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to complete on the Closing Date all filings and other similar
actions required by the Collateral Documents in connection with the perfection
of security interests in the Collateral of Holdings, the Borrower and such
Subsidiary Guarantors as of the Closing Date;  provided , that, if
Holdings, the Borrower and such Subsidiary Guarantors are not able to complete
such actions (other than the filing of Uniform Commercial Code and PPSA
financing statements or equivalent filings in the Province of Quebec, which
shall be completed on the Closing Date) on the Closing Date, Holdings, the
Borrower and such Subsidiary Guarantor shall use their commercially reasonable
efforts to complete such actions (i) with respect to fee owned real property
that constitutes Collateral, within 120 days after the Closing Date or as soon
thereafter as reasonably practicable (in the good faith determination of the
Borrower) and (ii) with respect to all other Collateral, within 90 days after
the Closing Date or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable (in the good
faith determination of the Company), subject to the Agreed Security Principles,
with respect to any assets owned by Co peratie.  
 (d)      Each
Lender, by its acceptance of the Loans, (i) consents to the subordination of
Liens provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) agrees that it shall be
bound by, and shall take no actions contrary to, the provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement and (iii) authorizes and instructs the Collateral Agent
on behalf of each holder of Priority Lien Obligations to enter into the
Intercreditor Agreement as Collateral Agent on behalf of such holders of
Priority Lien Obligations. The foregoing provisions of this  Section
10.1(d)  are intended as an inducement to the Lenders of Priority Lien
Obligations to offer the Loans and such Lenders are intended third party
beneficiaries of such provisions and of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
 10.2.       Release
of Liens on Collateral .  
 (a)      The
Lenders hereby irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent
by the Loan Parties on any Collateral shall be automatically be released shall
be automatically released:  
 (1)      in full, upon payment in
full of all Obligations (other than any contingent obligations or contingent
indemnification obligations not then due) arising hereunder;  
 (2)      upon
the sale, conveyance, transfer, exchange or other disposition of such Collateral
(including as part of or in connection with any other sale, conveyance,
transfer, exchange or other disposition permitted hereunder) to any Person other
than a Loan Party, to the extent such sale, conveyance, transfer, exchange or
other disposition is not prohibited under  Section 9.8  hereof;  
 (3)     to the
extent the property constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon
release of such Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee;  
 (4)      to the extent such
Collateral is comprised of property leased to a Loan Party by a third party that
is not the Loan Party, upon termination or expiration of such lease;  
 (5)      if the release of such
Liens is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or
such other percentage of Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance
with  Section 13.1  hereof);  
 -111-  

(6)      (A) if the Liens on
particular assets securing ABL Debt Obligations then secured by that asset are
released or will be released simultaneously therewith (unless such release
occurs in connection with the discharge in full of such ABL Debt Obligations,
which discharge (i) is not in connection with a foreclosure of, or other
exercise of remedies with respect to, the Collateral or (ii) is not in
connection with a replacement or refinancing of such ABL Debt Obligations, it
being understood that in the case of this clause (ii) the Loans will be secured
on a second priority basis by Collateral that secures the Domestic Priority Debt
that is outstanding after giving effect to any such replacement or refinancing,
subject to the Agreed Security Principles) or (B) if such assets do not secure
any ABL Debt Obligations because a security interest is no longer granted in
such assets to secure the ABL Debt Obligations, due to a waiver by the holders
of ABL Debt Obligations or for any other reason (other than in the context
described in the parenthetical phrase contained in subclause (A) of this clause
(6));  
 (7)      with respect to Net
Proceeds constituting Collateral, to the extent such Net Proceeds are used for
any one or more purposes permitted under  Section 9.8  hereof;  
 (8)      as required to effect any
sale or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of
remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents;  
 (9)      if such assets constitute
Excluded Collateral (as defined in the Agreed Security Principles) or if,
pursuant to the Agreed Security Principles, such assets are no longer required
to be subject to a Lien granted to the Collateral Agent; or  
 (10)      in accordance with clause
(c) below;  
 (b)      The Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent hereby agree to execute and deliver (at the Borrower s
expense) any instruments, documents and agreements necessary or desirable to
evidence and confirm the release of any Collateral pursuant to clause (a) above.
 
 (c)      Subject
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the second priority liens on the
Collateral securing the Loans and any Additional Parity Debt shall terminate and
be released automatically to the extent the first priority liens on the
Collateral are released in connection with the foreclosure of, or other exercise
of remedies with respect to, such Collateral by the ABL Collateral Agent (except
with respect to any proceeds of such sale, conveyance, transfer or other
disposition that remain after satisfaction in full of the ABL Debt Obligations)
(notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default). Except as set forth in
clause (1) through (9) of Section 10.2(a) and the prior sentence, no release of
the second-priority liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral securing
the Loan and any Permitted Additional Parity Debt shall be made unless (i)
consent to such release has been given by the requisite percentage or number of
the holders of the Loans and any Permitted Additional Parity Debt at the time
outstanding as provided for in the applicable Loan Document or Additional Parity
Debt Document.  
 SECTION
11.       Defaults and Remedies   
 11.1.       Events
of Default . 
 (I)      An
  Event of Default ,  wherever used herein, means any one of the following
events:  
 (a)      default in payment when due
and payable, upon redemption, acceleration or otherwise, of principal of, or
premium, if any, on the Loans;  
 -112-  

(b)      default for 30 days or more
in the payment when due of interest on or with respect to the Loans;  
 (c)      (1) failure by the Borrower
or any Guarantor for 60 days after receipt of written notice given by
Administrative Agent or (x) prior to the earlier of the Interim Loan Conversion
Date and the occurrence of a Demand Failure Event, the Required Lenders or (y)
thereafter, Lenders holding at least 25.0% in principal amount of the
Outstanding Loans to comply with any of its obligations, covenants or agreements
(other than a default referred to in  clause (a)  or  (b)  above)
contained in this Agreement or the Loans or (2) failure by the Borrower or any
Guarantor in the due performance of its obligation to issue Senior Notes as
contemplated in  Section 2.14  and such default shall continue unremedied
for a period of at least 30 days;  
 (d)      default under any mortgage,
indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured
or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by Holdings or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by Holdings or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than Indebtedness owed to Holdings or a
Restricted Subsidiary, whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is
created after the issuance of the Loans, if both:  
 (i)      such default either results
from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final
maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or relates to an
obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness
at its stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such
Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated
maturity; and  
 (ii)      the principal amount of
such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such
Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at stated final maturity
(after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which
has been so accelerated, aggregate $25.0 million or more outstanding;  
 (e)      failure by Holdings, the
Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary to pay final judgments aggregating in
excess of $25.0 million (net of amounts covered by insurance policies), which
final judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more
than 60 days after such judgment becomes final, and in the event such judgment
is covered by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any
creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed;  
 (f)      Holdings, the Borrower or
any Significant Subsidiary, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy
Law:  
 (i)      commences any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding or other proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent;  
 (ii)      consents to the
institution of any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding or other bankruptcy
proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent
seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law;  
 -113-  

(iii)      consents to the
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other
similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property;  
 (iv)      makes a general assignment
for the benefit of its creditors; or  
 (v)      generally is not paying its
debts as they become due;  
 (g)      a court of competent
jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:  
 (i)      is
for relief against Holdings, the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (in each
case determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements for a
fiscal quarter end provided as required under  Section 9.01 ) in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding or other proceeding in which Holdings, the
Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary is to be adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent;  
 (ii)      appoints a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of
Holdings, the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (in each case determined as
of the most recent consolidated financial statements for a fiscal quarter end
provided as required under  Section 9.01 ), or for all or substantially all
of the property of Holdings, the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary; or
 
 (iii)      orders the liquidation of
Holdings, the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (in each case determined as
of the most recent consolidated financial statements for a fiscal quarter end
provided as required under  Section 9.01 );  
 and the order or decree remains
unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or  
 (h)      the
Guarantee of Holdings or any Significant Subsidiary (in each case determined as
of the most recent consolidated financial statements for a fiscal quarter end
provided as required under  Section 9.01 ) shall for any reason cease to be
in full force and effect or be declared null and void or any responsible officer
of Holdings any Guarantor that is Holdings or a Significant Subsidiary, as the
case may be, denies in writing that it has any further liability under its
Guarantee or gives written notice to such effect, other than by reason of the
termination of this Agreement or the release of any such Guarantee in accordance
with this Agreement;  
 (i)      (A) (i) any Plan shall fail
to satisfy the minimum funding standard required for any plan year or part
thereof or a waiver of such standard or extension of any amortization period is
sought or granted under Section 412 of the Code; any Plan is or shall have been
terminated or is the subject of termination proceedings under ERISA (including
the giving of written notice thereof); an event shall have occurred or a
condition shall exist in either case entitling the PBGC to terminate any Plan or
to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (including the giving of written
notice thereof); any Plan shall have an accumulated funding deficiency (whether
or not waived); the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is likely to
incur a liability to or on account of a Plan under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l),
515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201 or 4204 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Code (including the giving of
written notice thereof); (ii) there could result from any event or events set
forth in subclause (i) of this clause  
 -114-  

(j)      the
imposition of a lien, the granting of a security interest, or a liability, or
the reasonable likelihood of incurring a lien, security interest or liability;
and (iii) such lien, security interest or liability will or would be reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (B) any Canadian Pension Event; or
(j) with respect to any Collateral, individually or in the aggregate, having a
fair market value in excess of $25.0 million, any default or breach by the
Borrower or any Guarantor in the performance of its obligations under the
Collateral Documents or this Agreement as a result of which any of the
Collateral Documents ceases to be in full force and effect, or any of the
Collateral Documents ceases to give the Collateral Agent, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders fully perfected Liens in such Collateral purported to be
created thereby, or any of the Collateral Documents is declared null and void or
the Borrower or any Guarantor denies in writing that it has any further
liability under any Collateral Document or gives written notice to such effect
(in each case, other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the
Collateral Documents), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or
priority results solely from the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain
possession of any certificate actually delivered to it representing securities
pledged under the Collateral Documents;  provided  that if a failure of the
sort described in this clause (i) is susceptible of cure (without any loss of
priority), no Event of Default shall arise under this clause (i) with respect
thereto until 60 days after notice of such failure shall have been given to
Holdings by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of at least 25% in principal
amount of the then outstanding Loans under this Agreement.  
 (II)      In
the event of any Event of Default specified in  clause (I)(c)  of
 Section 11.1  hereof, such Event of Default and all consequences thereof
(excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of acceleration
of the Senior Interim Loan) will be annulled, waived and rescinded,
automatically and without any action by the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders, if within 20 days after such Event of Default arose:  
 (a)      the Indebtedness or
guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or
 
 (b)      holders thereof have
rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be)
giving rise to such Event of Default; or  
 (c)      the default that is the
basis for such Event of Default has been cured.  
 11.2.     
 Remedies upon Event of Default, Waivers of Past Defaults .  
 (a)      If
any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in  clause
(I)(f)  or (I) (g)  of  Section 11.1  hereof) occurs and is
continuing under this Agreement, (x) prior to the earlier of Interim Loan
Conversion Date or the occurrence of a Demand Failure Event, the Administrative
Agent may and, upon the written request of the Required Lenders, shall or (y)
thereafter, the Administrative Agent may, and upon written request of the
Lenders holding at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Loans then
outstanding shall declare the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other
monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Loans to be due and payable
immediately. Upon the effectiveness of such declaration, such principal and
interest shall be due and payable immediately.  
 -115-  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the case of an Event of Default arising under  clause (f)  or  (g)  of
 Section 11.1(I)  hereof, all outstanding Loans and other Obligations shall
become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. The
Administrative Agent may withhold from the Lenders notice of any continuing
Default, except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any,
or interest, if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.  
 (b)      The
Lenders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding
Loans by written notice to the Administrative Agent may on behalf of all the
Lenders rescind any acceleration with respect to the Loans and its consequences
under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents (except if such rescission
would conflict with any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) provided
all existing Events of Default (except nonpayment of interest on, premium, if
any, or the principal of any Loan held by a non-consenting Lender that has
become due solely because of the acceleration) have been cured or waived. In the
event of any Event of Default specified in  clause (c)  of  Section
11.1(I)  hereof, such Event of Default and all consequences thereof
(excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of acceleration
of the Loans) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without
any action by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, if within 20
days after such Event of Default arose:  
 (i)      the Indebtedness or
guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or
 
 (ii)      holders thereof have
rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be)
giving rise to such Event of Default; or  
 (iii)      the default that is the
basis for such Event of Default has been cured.  
 (c)     
If a Default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required
certificate in connection with another default (the   Initial Default  )
occurs, then at the time such Initial Default is cured, such Default for a
failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection
with another default that resulted solely because of that Initial Default will
also be cured without any further action and (ii) any Default or Event of
Default for the failure to comply with the time periods prescribed under
 Section 9.01  or otherwise to deliver any notice or certificate pursuant
to any other provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be cured upon the
delivery of any such report required by such covenant or such notice or
certificate, as applicable, even though such delivery is not within the
prescribed period specified herein.  
 11.3.       Application
of Proceeds . Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the
Security Agreements, if the Administrative Agent or any Agent collects any money
or property pursuant to this Section 11 or receives any money from the
Collateral Agent as the distribution of proceeds received upon realization of
any Collateral, it shall pay out the money or property in the following order:
 
 (i)       first , to the
Administrative Agent, such Agent, the Collateral Agent, their agents and
attorneys for amounts due under  Section 12  hereof, including payment of
all compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by
the Administrative, such Agent or the Collateral Agent and the costs and
expenses of collection;  
 (ii)       second , to Lenders
for amounts due and unpaid on the Obligations for principal, premium, if any,
and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to
the amounts due and payable on the Obligations for principal, premium, if any,
and interest, respectively; and; and  
 -116-  

(iii)       third , to the
Borrower or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct
including a Guarantor, if applicable; provided that all sums due and owing the
Secured Parties have been paid in full as required by this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents.  
 SECTION
12.       The Agents   
 12.1.       Appointment .
 
 (a)      Each
Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as
the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such
action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly
delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. The provisions of this  Section 12  (other than
 Section 12.1(c)  with respect to the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Joint
Bookrunners and  Section 12.9  with respect to the Borrower) are solely for
the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have
rights as third party beneficiary of any such provision. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent
shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents, or any fiduciary relationship with any
Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties,
obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. In performing its
functions and duties hereunder, each Agent shall act solely as an agent of
Lenders and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any
obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries.  
 (b)      The
Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby irrevocably designate and appoint
the Collateral Agent as the agent with respect to the Collateral, and each of
the Administrative Agent and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Collateral
Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and
perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent by the
terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall not have
any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth herein and in
the other Loan Documents, or any fiduciary relationship with any of the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders, and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Collateral
Agent.  
 (c)      Each
of the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, each in its capacity as such,
shall not have any obligations, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement
but shall be entitled to all benefits of this  Section 12 .  
 12.2.       Delegation
of Duties . The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may each
execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by
or through agents, sub-agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be
entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.
Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible
for the negligence, bad faith or misconduct of any agents, subagents or
attorneys-in-fact selected by it in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct (as determined in the final non-appealable judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction).  
 -117-  

12.3.       Exculpatory
Provisions . No Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents,
attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable for any action lawfully
taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document (except for its or such Person s own gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined in the final judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly
set forth herein) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders or any
participant for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by
any of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report,
statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by such
Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or
for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or
sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the perfection or
priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created
under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of the Borrower or any other
Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent shall be
under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the
observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions
of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties,
books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. The Collateral
Agent shall not be under any obligation to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of
the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party.  
 12.4.       Reliance
by Agents . The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing,
resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex or
teletype message, statement, order or other document or instruction believed by
it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper
Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including
counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent may
deem and treat the Lender specified in the Register with respect to any amount
owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of
assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be
fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or
concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate or it shall first be
indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and
expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any
such action. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall in all
cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the
Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act
pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of
the Loans;  provided  that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the
opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that is contrary to any
Loan Document or applicable Requirements of Law. For purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in  Section 6  hereof on the
Closing Date, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have
consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or
other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable
or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its
objection thereto.  
 12.5.       Notice
of Default . Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall
be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event
of Default hereunder unless the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent has
received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this
Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a  notice of default.  In the event
that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, it shall give notice
thereof to the Lenders and the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent shall
take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be
reasonably directed by the Required Lenders,  provided  that unless and
until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the
Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or
refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of
Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders except
to the extent that this Agreement requires that such action be taken only with
the approval of the Required Lenders or each of the Lenders, as applicable).  
 -118-  

12.6.       Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender
expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral
Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents,
attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it
and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereinafter
taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Lender. Each Lender
represents to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has
deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the
business, operations, property, financial and other condition and
creditworthiness of the Borrower and each other Loan Party and made its own
decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender
also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on
such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make
such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business,
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Borrower and any other Loan Party. Except for notices, reports and other
documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the
Administrative Agent hereunder, neither the Administrative Agent nor the
Collateral Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender
with any credit or other information concerning the business, assets,
operations, properties, financial condition, prospects or creditworthiness of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party that may come into the possession of the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent any of their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates.  
 12.7.       Indemnification .
The Lenders agree to indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent
not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of the
Loan Parties to do so), ratably according to their respective portions of the
aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding on the date on which
indemnification is sought (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon
which the Senior Interim Loan Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans
shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with their respective
portions of the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding immediately
prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (including at any time
following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against any Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Senior Interim
Loan Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any
documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under or in connection with any of
the foregoing,  provided  that no Lender shall be liable to an Agent for
the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting
from such Agent s, gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as
determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction;  provided ,  further , that no action taken by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage
of the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to
constitute gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct for purposes of
this  Section 12.7 . In the case of any investigation, litigation or
proceeding giving rise to any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any
kind whatsoever that may at any time occur (including at any time following the
payment of the Loans), this  Section 12.7  applies whether any such
investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other
Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each
Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses
(including attorneys  fees) incurred by such Agent in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of,
or legal advice rendered in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this
Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred
to herein, to the extent that such Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by
or on behalf of the Borrower,  provided  that such reimbursement by the
Lenders shall not affect the Borrower s continuing reimbursement obligations
with respect thereto. If any indemnity furnished to any Agent for any purpose
shall, in the opinion of such Agent, be insufficient or become impaired, such
Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the
acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished;  provided , in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify
any Agent against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action,
judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Lender s  pro
rata  portion thereof; and  provided ,  further , this sentence
shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Agent against any
liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost,
expense or disbursement resulting from such Agent s gross negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction. The agreements in this  Section   12.7  shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable
hereunder. The indemnity provided to each Agent under this Section 12.7 shall
also apply to such Agent s respective Affiliates, directors, officers, members,
controlling persons, employees, trustees, investment advisors and agents and
successors.  
 -119-  

12.8.       Agents
in Their Individual Capacities . The agency hereby created shall in no way
impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or
obligations upon, any Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder.
Each Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower and any other Loan
Party as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents. With respect to the Loans made by it, each Agent shall have the same
rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any
Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms
 Lender  and  Lenders  shall include each Agent in its individual capacity.  
 12.9.       Successor
Agents . Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may at any
time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon
receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the
right, subject to the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) so long as no Default under  Section 11.1  hereof is
continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the
United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United
States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required
Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the
retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on
behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set
forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted
such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in
accordance with such notice. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder,
and upon the transfer by the retiring (or retired) Agent to the successor Agent of all sums, together with all records and
other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of
the duties of the successor Agent under the Loan Documents, and upon the
execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments
thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other
instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required
Lenders may request, in order to continue the perfection of the Liens granted or
purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents, such successor shall
succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and
duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be
discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other
Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this
Section). The fees payable by the Borrower (following the effectiveness of such
appointment) to such Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor
unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the
retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the
provisions of this  Section 12  (including  Section 12.7  hereof) and  Section 13.5  hereof shall continue in effect for the benefit of such
retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring
Agent was acting as an Agent.  
 -120-  

12.10.       Withholding
Tax . To the extent required by any applicable Requirement of Law, the
Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount
equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or
any authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that
the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or
for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered,
was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the
Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered the exemption
from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) or
if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a
Lender pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding
Tax from such payment, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to
the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by any
applicable Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any applicable Loan
Party to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the
Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including penalties, additions to Tax
and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses,
allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. Each Lender hereby
authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at
any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this  Section
12.10 . The agreements in  Section 12.10  shall survive the resignation
and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or
the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Senior Interim Loan
Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other
Obligations.  
 12.11.       Agents
Under Collateral Documents and Guarantee . Each Secured Party hereby further
authorizes the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, on
behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to be the agent for and
representative of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral and the
Collateral Documents. Subject to  Section 13.1 , without further written
consent or authorization from any Secured Party, the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent, as applicable, may execute any documents or instruments
necessary to (a) release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) under
any Loan Document (i) upon the termination of this Agreement and the payment in
full of all Obligations (except for contingent indemnification obligations in
respect of which a claim has not yet been made), (ii) that is sold or to be sold
or transferred as part of or in connection with any sale or other transfer
permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to a Person that is not a
Loan Party or in connection with the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as
an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) if the property subject to such Lien is owned
by a Loan Party, upon the release of such Loan Party from its Guarantee
otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (iv) as otherwise permitted
by this Agreement (including Section 10.2 hereof), (v) as and to the extent
provided in the Collateral Documents or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified
in writing in accordance with  Section 13.1 ; (b) release any Guarantor
from its obligations under the Guarantee if such Person ceases to be a
Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or designation permitted
hereunder or as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or the Guarantee; (c)
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien
permitted under  clauses (7)  (solely with respect to  Section
9.7(b)(4)) ,  (8) , and  (18)  of the definition of Permitted Lien;
or (d) enter into subordination or intercreditor agreements with respect to
Indebtedness to the extent the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is
otherwise contemplated herein as being a party to such intercreditor or
subordination agreement, including the Intercreditor Agreement.  
 -121-  

The Collateral Agent shall have
its own independent right to demand payment of the amounts payable by the
Borrower under this  Section 12.11 , irrespective of any discharge of the
Borrower s obligations to pay those amounts to the other Lenders resulting from
failure by them to take appropriate steps in insolvency proceedings affecting
the Borrower to preserve their entitlement to be paid those amounts.  
 Any amount due and payable by the
Borrower to the Collateral Agent under this  Section   12.11  shall be
decreased to the extent that the other Lenders have received (and are able to
retain) payment in full of the corresponding amount under the other provisions
of the Loan Documents and any amount due and payable by the Borrower to the
Collateral Agent under those provisions shall be decreased to the extent that
the Collateral Agent has received (and is able to retain) payment in full of the
corresponding amount under this  Section 12.11 .  
 12.12.       Right
to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee . Anything contained in any of
the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Agents,
and each Secured Party hereby agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any
right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the
Guarantee, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights, and remedies
hereunder may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the
terms hereof and all powers, rights, and remedies under the Collateral Documents
may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent, and (ii) in the event of a
foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a
public or private sale or other disposition, the Collateral Agent or any Lender
may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such
sale or other disposition and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and
representative of the Secured Parties (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or
their respective individual capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise
agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making
settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the
Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations
as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the
Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition.  
 12.13.       Intercreditor
Agreement Governs . The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and each
Lender (a) hereby agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions
contrary to the provisions of any intercreditor agreement entered into pursuant
to the terms hereof (including the Intercreditor Agreement) and (b) hereby
authorizes and instructs the Collateral Agent to enter into each intercreditor
agreement to be entered into pursuant to the terms hereof (including the
Intercreditor Agreement) and to subject the Liens securing the Obligations to
the provisions thereof.  
 SECTION
13.       Miscellaneous   
 -122-  

13.1.       Amendments,
Waivers and Releases .  
 (a)     
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any
other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof, may be amended,
supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this
 Section 13.1 . The Required Lenders may, or, with the written consent of
the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent may,
from time to time, (a) enter into with the relevant Loan Party or Loan Parties
written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan
Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of
the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder, (b) waive in writing, on such terms
and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent and/or the
Collateral Agent as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the
requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or
Event of Default and its consequences or (c) consent to amendments, supplements
or modifications to the form of the Senior Refinancing Indenture prior to the
Interim Loan Conversion Date;  provided ,  however , that each such
waiver and each such amendment, supplement or modification shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;
 provided ,  further , that no such waiver and no such amendment,
supplement or modification shall (i) forgive or reduce any portion of any Loan,
extend the final scheduled maturity date of any Loan or reduce the stated rate
(it being understood that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be
necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default
Rate or amend  Section 2.8(e)  hereto), or forgive any portion, or extend
the date for the payment, of any interest or fee or other amount payable
hereunder (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any
post-default increase in interest rates), or extend the final expiration date of
any Lender s Senior Interim Loan Commitment, or increase the amount of the
Senior Interim Loan Commitment of any Lender, or make any Loan, interest, fee or
other amount payable in any currency other than Dollars, in each case without
the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or
(ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this  Section 13.1 , or amend
or modify any of the provisions of  Section 13.8(a)  hereto to the extent
it would alter the ratable allocation of payments thereunder, or reduce the
percentages specified in the definition of the term  Required Lenders  or
specified with reference to  Required Holders , consent to the assignment or
transfer by the Borrower of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document
to which it is a party (except as permitted pursuant to  Section 11.3 ) or
alter the order of application set forth in  Section 11.3  or modify any
definition used in  Section 11.3  if the effect thereof would be to alter
the order of payment specified therein, in each case without the written consent
of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (iii) amend, modify
or waive any provision of  Section 12  without the written consent of the
then-current Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, or any other former or
current Agent to whom  Section 12  then applies in a manner that directly
and adversely affects such Person, or (iv) affect the rights or duties of, or
any fees or other amounts payable to, any Agent under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document without the prior written consent of such Agent, or (v)
amend, modify or waive any provision of  Section 2.14  hereto without the
written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (vi)
release all or substantially all of the Guarantors under the Guarantee (except
as expressly permitted by the Guarantee, the Intercreditor Agreement or this
Agreement) or release all or substantially all of the Collateral under the
Collateral Documents (except as expressly permitted by the Collateral Documents,
the Intercreditor Agreement or this Agreement) without the prior written consent
of each Lender or (vii) amend or modify any provision of the Senior Refinancing
Indenture that requires (or would, if any Senior Notes were outstanding,
require) the approval of all holders of Senior Notes, without the written
consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby. Any such waiver
and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each
of the affected Lenders and shall be binding upon the Borrower, such Lenders,
the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the affected Loans. In the
case of any waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall
be restored to their form er positions and rights hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be
cured and not continuing; it being understood that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of
Default or impair any right consequent thereon. In connection with the foregoing
provisions, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligations to, with
the concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, modifications, waivers or
consents on behalf of such Lender.  
 -123-  

(b)      Notwithstanding
the foregoing, without notice to or the consent of any Lenders and without any
further action necessary by the parties hereto, effective as of the Interim Loan
Conversion Date, in the event of any inconsistency between the terms contained
in  Sections 7 ,  8 ,  9 ,  10  and  11  hereof (and
related definitions) and the corresponding terms contained in the Senior
Refinancing Indenture, such provisions of this Agreement shall be replaced with
corresponding provisions of the Senior Refinancing Indenture, and, to the extent
necessary to give effect to the foregoing, each defined term used in the
sections of the Senior Refinancing Indenture shall have the meaning set forth in
the Senior Refinancing Indenture, subject to the terms of  Section 1.2(h) 
hereof, as applicable. The applicable provisions of the Senior Refinancing
Indenture as described in the form of indenture attached as  Exhibit B 
hereto shall be deemed incorporated and set forth in this Agreement to the
extent necessary to give effect to the foregoing. In furtherance of the
foregoing, the Administrative Agent will (and the Lenders hereby authorize and
direct the Administrative Agent to), at the request of the Borrower, enter into
such technical amendments and other modifications to this Agreement as are
reasonably necessary to effect the foregoing.  
 (c)     
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have
any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder,
except that the Senior Interim Loan Commitment of such Lender may not be
increased or extended without the consent of such Lender (it being understood
that any Senior Interim Loan Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any
Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder
requiring any consent of the Lenders).  
 (d)      Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (i) if any amendment, waiver or other
modification would by its terms disproportionately affect the holders of any one
or more classes of Loans, such amendment, waiver or other modification shall
also require the consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the then outstanding amount of such class or classes of
Loans, voting as a single class and (ii) if any amendment, waiver or other
modification would only affect the holders of any one class of Loans, consent of
the respective holders, if applicable, holding at least a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the then outstanding amount of such class of Loans, if any
are outstanding, and not the consent of the Lenders holding a majority of Loans
as the case may be, acting as a single class, shall be required.  
 (e)      The
Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as
applicable, to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, and agreements
necessary or desirable to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor
pursuant to Section 7.6 or the release of any Collateral pursuant to Section
10.2, respectively, all without the further consent or joinder of any Lender.
 
 (f)      Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement (including, without limitation, this  Section
13.1 ) or any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) no Lender consent is
required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Intercreditor Agreement or
other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that
is for the purpose of adding the holders of any Indebtedness as expressly
contemplated by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or such other
intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as
applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make
such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good
faith determination of the Collateral Agent, are required to effectuate the
foregoing;  provided  that such other changes are not adverse, in any
material respect, to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole);  provided ,  further , that no such agreement
shall amend, modify or otherwise directly and adversely affect the rights or
duties of the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document
without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent; (ii) any provision of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in
writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (x) cure
any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) and (y) to effect
administrative changes of a technical or immaterial nature and such amendment
shall be deemed approved by the Lenders if the Lenders shall have received at
least five Business Days  prior written notice of such change and the
Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the
date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders
stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment; and (iii)
guarantees, collateral documents and related documents executed by Loan Parties
in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the
Administrative Agent and may be, together with any other Loan Document, entered
into, amended, supplemented or waived, without the consent of any other Person,
by the applicable Loan Party or Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent in its or their respective sole discretion, to (A) effect the
granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security
interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) as required by local law or advice of
counsel to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein
comply with applicable requirements of law, or (C) to cure ambiguities,
omissions, mistakes or defects (as reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower) or to cause such guarantee, collateral security document
or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.  
 -124-  

(g)      Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any Collateral Document to the contrary, the
Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, grant extensions of time for
the satisfaction of any of the requirements under any Collateral Documents in
respect of any particular Collateral or any particular Subsidiary if it
determines that the satisfaction thereof with respect to such Collateral or such
Subsidiary cannot be accomplished without undue expense or unreasonable effort
or due to factors beyond the control of Holdings, the Borrower and the
Restricted Subsidiaries by the time or times at which it would otherwise be
required to be satisfied under this Agreement or any Collateral Document.  
 13.2.     
 Notices . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and
other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written
notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile
number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the
applicable telephone number, as follows:  
 (a)      if to the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to the address, facsimile number,
electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on
 Schedule 13.2  or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail
address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to
the other parties; and  
 (b)      if to any Lender, to the
address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified
in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number,
electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party
in a notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.
 
 All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be
given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant
party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by
or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, three
Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by
facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if
delivered by electronic mail, when delivered;  provided  that notices and
other communications to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to  Sections 2.3 ,  2.6 ,  2.9  and  5.1  hereof shall not be
effective until received.  
 -125-  

13.3.       No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in
exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any
Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or
privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
provided by Requirements of Law.  
 13.4.       Survival
of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made
hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or
statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans hereunder.
 
 13.5.       Payment
of Expenses; Indemnification . The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse
the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and execution and delivery
of, and any amendment, waiver, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith
or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees, disbursements
and other charges of Paul Hastings LLP, in their capacity as counsel to the
Joint Lead Arrangers and the Joint Bookrunners, and one counsel in each
appropriate local jurisdiction (other than any allocated costs of in-house
counsel), (b) to pay or reimburse each Agent for all its reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan
Documents and any such other documents, including the reasonable fees,
disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and
the other Agents (unless there is an actual or perceived conflict of interest in
which case each such Person may retain its own counsel), or such other counsel
retained with the Borrower s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld), (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless each Lender and Agent from,
any and all recording and filing fees and (d) to pay, indemnify, and hold
harmless each Lender and Agent and their respective Related Parties from and
against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of
any kind or nature whatsoever, whether or not such proceedings are brought by
the Borrower, any of its Related Parties or any other third Person, including
reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of one primary
counsel for all such Persons, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, by a single
firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction for all such Persons,
taken as a whole (unless there is an actual or perceived conflict of interest in
which case each such Person may, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) retain its own counsel), with respect to the
execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this
Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including,
without limitation, any of the foregoing relating to the violation of,
noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law (other than by such
indemnified person or any of its Related Parties (other than any trustee or
advisor)) (all the foregoing in this  clause (d) , collectively, the
  Indemnified Liabilities    provided  that the Borrower shall have
no obligation hereunder to any Agent or any Lender or any of their respective
Related Parties with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent it has
been determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or
willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified or any of its Related Parties,
(ii) any material breach (or, in the case of a proceeding brought by the Borrower, any breach) of any Loan
Document by the party to be indemnified or (iii) disputes, claims, demands,
actions, judgments or suits not arising from any act or omission by the Borrower
or its Affiliates, brought by an indemnified Person against any other
indemnified Person (other than disputes, claims, demands, actions, judgments or
suits involving claims against any Agent in its capacity as such). No Person
entitled to indemnification under  clause (d)  of this  Section 13.5  shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any
information or other materials obtained through internet, electronic,
telecommunications or other information transmission systems (including
IntraLinks or SyndTrak Online) in connection with this Agreement, except to the
extent that such damages have resulted from the willful misconduct, bad faith or
gross negligence of the party to be indemnified or any of its Related Parties
(as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable decision), nor shall any such Person, the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or
consequential damages (including, without limitation, any loss of profits,
business or anticipated savings) relating to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith
(whether before or after the Closing Date). All amounts payable under this  Section 13.5  shall be paid within 10 Business Days of receipt by the
Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expense in reasonable
detail. The agreements in this  Section 13.5  shall survive repayment of
the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. This  Section 13.5  shall not apply with respect to any claims for Taxes which shall be governed
exclusively by  Section 5.4  and, to the extent set forth therein,  Section 2.10 .  
 -126-  

13.6.       Successors
and Assigns; Participations and Assignments .  
 (a)      The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby,
except that (i) except as expressly permitted by  Section 11.3  hereof, the
Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each
Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such
consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this
 Section 13.6 . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be
construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent
provided in  clause (c)  of this  Section 13.6 ) and, to the extent
expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders and each other Person entitled to
indemnification under  Section 13.5 ) any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.  
 (b)     
(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in  clause (b)(ii)  below, any
Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Senior Interim Loan Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the
prior written consent (such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; it
being understood that, without limitation, the Borrower shall have the right to
withhold or delay its consent to any assignment if, in order for such assignment
to comply with applicable law, the Borrower would be required to obtain the
consent of, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority)
of:  
 (I)      the Borrower,
 provided  that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an
assignment to (1) a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund, (2) if
an Event of Default under  Section 11.1(I)(a) ,  (b) ,  (f)  or
 (g)  hereof has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee, (3) if a
Demand Failure Event has occurred, any other assignee (4) such assignment occurs
on or after the Interim Loan Conversion Date, any other assignee or (5) prior to
the Interim Loan Conversion Date, if, after giving effect to such assignment,
the Committed Lenders would hold, in the aggregate, 51% or more of the aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Loans, any other assignee; and  
 -127-  

(II)      the Administrative Agent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),  provided 
that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment
of any Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
such assignment shall be made to a natural person.  
 (i)      Assignments shall be
subject to the following additional conditions: 
  (III)      except in the case
of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an
assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Senior
Interim Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Senior Interim Loan
Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment
(determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such
assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than
$1,000,000 in excess thereof or, unless each of the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent otherwise consents (which consents shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed),  provided  that no such consent of the
Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under  Section
11.1(I)(a) ,  (b) ,  (f)  or  (g)  hereof has occurred and is
continuing;  provided   further  that contemporaneous assignments to a
single assignee made by Affiliates of Lenders and related Approved Funds shall
be aggregated for purposes of meeting the minimum assignment amount requirements
stated above; (IV) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under
this Agreement;  
 (V)      the parties to each
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment
and Acceptance via an electronic settlement system or other method reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a processing and
recordation fee in the amount of $3,500;  provided  that the Administrative
Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive or reduce such processing and
recordation fee in the case of any assignment;  
 (VI)      the assignee, if it shall
not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative
questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (the
  Administrative Questionnaire   and  
 (VII)      any assignment to
Holdings, a Borrower or any Subsidiary shall also be subject to the requirements
of  Section 13.6(h) .  
 (ii)       Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof pursuant to  clause (b)(iv)  of this  Section 
 13.6 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and
Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender
thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the
case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s
rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a
party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of  Sections
2.10 ,  2.11 ,  5.4  and  13.5  hereof). Any assignment or
transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not
comply with this  Section 13.6  shall be treated for purposes of this
Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and
obligations in accordance with  clause (c)  of this  Section 13.6 .
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of an assignment to a new Lender pursuant to
this  Section 13.6 , (i) the Administrative Agent, the new Lender and other
Lenders shall acquire the same rights and assume the same obligations between
themselves as they would have acquired and assumed had the new Lender been an original Lender signatory to this Agreement with the rights
and/or obligations acquired or assumed by it as a result of the assignment and
to the extent of the assignment the assigning Lender shall each be released from
further obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) the benefit of each
Collateral Document shall be maintained in favor of the new Lender.  
 -128-  

(iii)      The
Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall
maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and
Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Lenders, the Senior Interim Loan Commitments of, and principal
amount of the Loans owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time
to time (the   Register  ). Further, each Register shall contain the name
and address of the Administrative Agent and the lending office through which
each such Person acts under this Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms
hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, the Collateral Agent and,
with respect to itself, any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time
upon reasonable prior notice.  
 (iv)      Upon
its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an
assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative
Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the
processing and recordation fee referred to in  clause (b)  of this
 Section 13.6  (unless waived) and any written consent to such assignment
required by  clause (b)  of this  Section 13.6 , the Administrative
Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information
contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes
of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register.  
 (c)      (i)
Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, or the Administrative
Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (each, a
  Participant  ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Senior
Interim Loan Commitments and the Loans owing to it),  provided  that (A)
such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such
Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations, and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent
and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such
Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this
Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a
participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to
enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document,  provided  that
such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the
consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver
described in  clause (i)  of the proviso to  Section 13.1  that
affects such Participant. Subject to  clause (c)(ii)  of this  Section
13.6 , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the
benefits of  Section 2.10 ,  2.11  and  5.4  hereof to the same
extent as if it were a Lender (subject to the limitations and requirements of
those Sections as though it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by
assignment pursuant to  clause (b)  of this  Section 13.6 , including
the requirements of  clauses (d) ,  (e) ,  (h)  and  (i)  of
 Section 5.4 ). To the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, each
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of  Section 13.8(b) 
hereof as though it were a Lender,  provided  such Participant agrees to be
subject to  Section 13.8(a)  hereof as though it were a Lender.  
 (ii)      A
Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
 Section   2.10 ,  2.11  or  5.4  hereof than the applicable
Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation
sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such
Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld);  provided  that the Participant shall be subject to the provisions in
 Section 2.12  as if it were an assignee under  clauses (a)  and  (b)  of this  Section 13.6 . Each Lender that sells a participation
shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a
register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the
principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of each Participant s interest
in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the   Participant
Register  ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is
recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all
purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant
Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any
information relating to a Participant s interest in any Senior Interim Loan
Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to
the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Senior
Interim Loan Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  
 -129-  

(d)      Any
Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at
any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its
rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any
pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any
central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this  Section 13.6 
shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest,
 provided  that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall
release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such
pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Borrower hereby
agrees that, upon request of any Lender at any time and from time to time after
the Borrower has made its initial borrowing hereunder, the Borrower shall
provide to such Lender, at the Borrower s own expense, a promissory note,
substantially in the form of  Exhibit H  hereto, as the case may be,
evidencing the Loans, owing to such Lender.  
 (e)      Subject
to  Section 13.16  hereof, the Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose
to any Participant, secured creditor of such Lender or assignee (each, a
  Transferee  ) and any prospective Transferee any and all financial
information in such Lender s possession concerning the Borrower and its
Affiliates that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the
Borrower and its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or that has been
delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates in
connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of the Borrower and its
Affiliates prior to becoming a party to this Agreement.  
 (f)      The
words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any
Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or
the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same
legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and
as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic
Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.  
 (g)      SPV
Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a
  Granting Lender  ) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a
  SPV  ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting
Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to
the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would
otherwise be obligated to make the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement;
 provided  that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV
to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or
otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender
shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of
a Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the Senior Interim Loan Commitment of
the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby
agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment
obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the
Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby
agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that,
prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all
outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPV, it shall
not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV
any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In
addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this  Section
13.6 , any SPV may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent
of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing
fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the
Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower
and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for
the account of such SPV to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii)
disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its
Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety,
guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPV. This Section 13.6(g)
may not be amended without the written consent of the SPV. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, subject to the following sentence,
each SPV shall be entitled to the benefits of  Sections 2.10 ,  2.11  and  5.4  to the same extent as if it were a Lender (subject to the
limitations and requirements of  Sections 2.10 ,  2.11  and  5.4  as though it were a Lender and has acquired its interest by assignment pursuant
to  clause (b)  of this  Section 13.6 , including the requirements of  clauses (d) ,  (e) ,  (h)  and  (i)  of  Section
5.4 ). Notwithstanding the prior sentence, an SPV shall not be entitled to
receive any greater payment under Section  2.10 ,  2.11  or  5.4  than its Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the grant to
such SPV, unless such grant to such SPV is made with the Borrower s prior
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  
 -130-  

(h)     
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (x) any Lender may,
at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement in respect of its Loans to Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary
and (y) Holdings, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, from time to time,
purchase or prepay Loans, in each case, on a non-pro rata basis on a pro rata
basis in accordance with  Section 5.1(b) ;  provided  that any Loans
acquired by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be retired and
cancelled promptly upon the acquisition thereof;  
 13.7.       Replacements
of Lenders Under Certain Circumstances .  
 (a)      The
Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that (a) requests
reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to  Section 2.10  or  5.4 
hereof, (b) is affected in the manner described in  Section 2.10(a)(iii) 
hereof and as a result thereof any of the actions described in such Section is
required to be taken or (c) becomes a Defaulting Lender, with a replacement bank
or other financial institution,  provided  that (i) such replacement does
not conflict with any Requirement of Law, (ii) no Event of Default under
 Section 11.1(I)(a) ,  (b) ,  (f)  or  (g)  hereof shall
have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) the
Borrower shall repay (or the replacement bank or institution shall purchase, at
par) all Loans and other amounts (other than any disputed amounts), pursuant to
 Section   2.10 ,  2.11  or  5.4  hereof, as the case may
be) owing to such replaced Lender prior to the date of replacement, (iv) the
replacement bank or institution, if not already a Lender, and the terms and
conditions of such replacement, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, (v) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such
replacement in accordance with the provisions of  Section   13.6 
hereof ( provided  that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the
registration and processing fee referred to therein) and (vi) any such
replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced
Lender.  
 -131-  

(b)      If
any Lender (such Lender, a   Non-Consenting Lender  ) has failed to consent
to a proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination that pursuant to the
terms of  Section 13.1  hereof requires the consent of all of the Lenders
affected and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their
consent, then provided no Event of Default then exists, the Borrower shall have
the right (unless such Non-Consenting Lender grants such consent) to replace
such Non-Consenting Lender by requiring such Non-Consenting Lender to assign its
Loans, and its Senior Interim Loan Commitments hereunder to one or more
assignees reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,  provided 
that (a) all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Consenting Lender
being replaced shall be paid in full to such Non-Consenting Lender concurrently
with such assignment and (b) the replacement Lender shall purchase the foregoing
by paying to such Non-Consenting Lender a price equal to the principal amount
thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In connection with any such
assignment, the Borrower, Administrative Agent, such Non-Consenting Lender and
the replacement Lender shall otherwise comply with  Section 13.6  hereof.
 
 (c)      Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, each party hereto agrees that any assignment
pursuant to the terms of this Section 13.7 may be effected pursuant to an
Assignment and Acceptance executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
the assignee and that the Lender making such assignment need not be a party
thereto.  
 13.8.       Adjustments;
Set-off .  
 (a)      If
any Lender (a   benefited Lender  ) shall at any time receive any payment
in respect of any principal of or interest on all or part of the Loans made by
it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or
involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature
referred to in  Section 11.1(I)(f)  or  (g)  hereof, or otherwise), in
a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any
other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Loans, or interest
thereon, such benefited Lender shall (i) notify the Administrative Agent of such
fact, and (ii) purchase for cash at face value from the other Lenders a
participating interest in such portion of each such other Lender s Loans, or
shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or
the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such benefited Lender to
share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably in
accordance with the aggregate principal of and accrued interest on their
respective Loans and other amounts owing them;  provided, however , that,
(A) if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter
recovered from such benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the
purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but
without interest and (B) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed
to apply to (1) any payment made by the Borrower or any other Loan Party
pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, (2) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for
the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or Senior
Interim Loan Commitments to any assignee or participant or (3) any
disproportionate payment obtained by a Lender as a result of the extension by
Lenders of the maturity date or expiration date of some but not all Loans or
Senior Interim Loan Commitments or any increase in the Applicable LIBOR Margin
in respect of Loans or Senior Interim Loan Commitments of Lenders that have
consented to any such extension. Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and
agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Requirements of Law, that
any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may
exercise against such Loan Party rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect
to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such
Loan Party in the amount of such participation.  
 (b)      After
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in addition to
any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Requirements of Law, each
Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such
notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by
applicable Requirements of Law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder or under any Loan
Document (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) to
set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and
any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time
held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the
credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the
Borrower (and the Loan Parties, if applicable) and the Administrative Agent
after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application.  
 -132-  

13.9.       Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement
on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other
electronic transmission, i.e. a  pdf  or a  tif ), and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set
of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  
 13.10.       Severability .
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any
other jurisdiction.  
 13.11.     
 Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the
agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no
promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent nor any Lender relative to subject
matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan
Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fee Letter remains in full force and
effect in accordance with its terms.  
 13.12.       GOVERNING
LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  
 13.13.       Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waivers . Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally:
 
 (a)     
submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for
recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the
non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the
courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, in
each case sitting in New York City in the Borough of Manhattan, and appellate
courts from any thereof;  
 (b)      consents that any such
action or proceeding shall be brought in such courts and waives any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding
in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an
inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same or to commence or
support any such action or proceeding in any other courts;  
 (c)      agrees that service of
process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy
thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of
mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address set forth
on Schedule 13.2 hereto at such other address of which the Administrative Agent
shall have been notified pursuant to  Section 13.2  hereto and each Loan
Party that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United
States hereby appoints the Borrower as its agent for service of process in any
matter related to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;  
 -133-  

(d)      agrees that nothing herein
shall affect the right of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any
Lender or any other Secured Party to effect service of process in any other
manner permitted by Requirements of Law or shall limit the right to sue or to
commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against the Borrower or any
other Loan Party in any other jurisdiction;  
 (e)     
waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to
claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this
 Section 13.13  any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages;
 provided , that nothing in this  clause (e)  shall limit the Loan
Parties  indemnification obligations set forth in  Section 13.5 ; and  
 (f)      agrees that a final
judgment in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
law.  
 13.14.       Acknowledgments .
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that:  
 (a)       it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
 (b)     
(i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or
other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any
amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document)
are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Borrower and the other
Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the
other Agents on the other hand, and the Borrower and the other Loan Parties are
capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms,
risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or
thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each
of the Administrative Agent, other Agents and the Lenders, is and has been
acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or
fiduciary for any of the Borrower, any other Loan Parties or any of their
respective Affiliates, equity holders, creditors or employees or any other
Person; (iii) neither the Administrative Agent, any other Agent nor any Lender
has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in
favor of the Borrower or any other Loan Party with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with
respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other
Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent or any other
Agent or any Lender has advised or is currently advising any of the Borrower,
the other Loan Parties or their respective Affiliates on other matters) and none
of the Administrative Agent, any Agent or any Lender has any obligation to any
of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties or their respective Affiliates with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations
expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the
Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, each other Agent and each of its
Affiliates and each Lender and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of
transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and
its respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, any other Agent
or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any
advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) none of the Administrative
Agent, any Agent or any Lender has provided and none will provide any legal,
accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification
hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Borrower has consulted its own
legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed
appropriate. The Borrower hereby agrees that it will not claim that any Agent
owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Loan Parties in connection with the
Transactions contemplated hereby and waives and releases, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent
and each Agent with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or
fiduciary duty; and  
 -134-  

(c)      no joint venture is created
hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the
transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Borrower, on the
one hand, and any Lender, on the other hand.  
 13.15.      WAIVERS
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.  
 13.16.       Confidentiality .
The Administrative Agent, each other Agent and each Lender shall hold all
non-public information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with such Lender s evaluation of whether to become a
Lender hereunder or obtained by such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such
other Agent pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement (  Confidential
Information  ), confidential in accordance with its customary procedure for
handling confidential information of this nature and in any event may make
disclosure (a) pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in
any pending legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or as otherwise
required or requested by any Governmental Authority, regulatory, self-regulatory
agency or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process or applicable
Requirements of Law or regulation, (b) to such Lender s or the Administrative
Agent s or such other Agent s attorneys, professional advisors, independent
auditors, trustees or Affiliates, in each case who need to know such information
in connection with the administration of the Loan Documents and are informed of
the confidential nature of such information, (c) to an investor or prospective
investor in a securitization that agrees its access to information regarding the
Loan Parties, the Loans and the Loan Documents is solely for purposes of
evaluating an investment in a securitization and who agrees to treat such
information as confidential, (d) to a trustee, collateral manager, servicer,
backup servicer, noteholder or secured party in connection with the
administration, servicing and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for
a securitization and who agrees to treat such information as confidential, (e)
to a nationally recognized ratings agency that requires access to information
regarding the Loan Parties, the Loans and Loan Documents in connection with
ratings issued with respect to a securitization, (f) to the extent that such
information becomes publicly available other than by reason of disclosure in
violation of this  Section 13.16 ; (g) to the extent that such information
is received from a third party that is not, to such Lender s, Administrative
Agent s or other Agent s knowledge, subject to confidentiality obligations owing
to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (h) to the extent that such
information was already in such Lender s, Administrative Agent s or other
Agent s possession prior to entering into this Agreement or is independently
developed by such Lender, Administrative Agent or other Agent and (h) for
purposes of establishing a  due diligence  defense;  provided  that unless
specifically prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, rule or regulation,
each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each other Agent shall endeavor to
notify the Borrower (without any liability for a failure to so notify the
Borrower) of any request made to such Lender, the Administrative Agent or such
other Agent, as applicable, by any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory
agency or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with
a routine or ordinary course audit or examination conducted by bank
accountants or any governmental or bank regulatory authority exercising
examination or regulatory authority) for disclosure of any such non-public
information prior to disclosure of such information;  provided further  that in no event shall any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any other Agent
be obligated or required to return any materials furnished by the Borrower or
any Subsidiary. In addition, each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each
other Agent may provide Confidential Information to prospective Transferees or
to any pledgee referred to in  Section   13.6  or to prospective
direct or indirect contractual counterparties in Hedging Agreements to be
entered into in connection with Loans made hereunder as long as such Person is
advised of and agrees to be bound by the provisions of this  Section 13.16  or confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive as those set forth in the  Section 13.16 .  
 -135-  

13.17.       [Reserved] .
 
 13.18.     
 Direct Website Communications . 
 (a)      The
Borrower may, at its option, provide to the Administrative Agent any
information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to
the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents, including, without
limitation, all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other
reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such
communication that (A) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an
existing, borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an
interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (B) relates to the payment
of any principal or other amount due under any Domestic Priority Debt prior to
the scheduled date therefor, (C) provides notice of any default or event of
default under this Agreement or (D) is required to be delivered to satisfy any
condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Domestic Priority Debt (all such
non-excluded communications being referred to herein collectively as
  Communications  ), by transmitting the Communications in an
electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent to the Administrative Agent at an email address provided by the
Administrative Agent from time to time; provided that: (i) upon written request
by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such
documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender
until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the
Administrative Agent and (ii) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by
facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any
such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail
electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Each Lender shall be
solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery
of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining
its copies of such documents. Nothing in this  Section 13.18  shall
prejudice the right of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any other Agent
or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan
Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.  
 (b)      The
Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the
Administrative Agent at its e-mail address set forth above shall constitute
effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for
purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as
provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been
posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications
to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees (A) to
notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic
communication) from time to time of such Lender s e-mail address to which the
foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (B) that the
foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address.  
 (c)      The
Borrower further agrees that any Agent may make the Communications available to
the Lenders by posting the Communications on Intralinks or a substantially
similar electronic transmission system (the   Platform  ), so long as the
access to such Platform (i) is limited to the Agents, the Lenders and
Transferees or prospective Transferees and (ii) remains subject to the
confidentiality requirements set forth in  Section 13.16 .  
 -136-  

(d)      THE
PLATFORM IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE.  THE AGENT PARTIES DO NOT
WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY MATERIALS OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY
THE LOAN PARTIES (THE   BORROWER MATERIALS  ) OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE
PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE
BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE
DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR
THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related
Parties (collectively, the   Agent Parties   and each an   Agent
Party  ) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, or any other Person
for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in
tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative
Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the
extent the liability of any Agent Party resulted from such Agent Party s (or any
of its Related Parties  (other than any trustee or advisor)) gross negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents.  
 (e)      The
Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be
 public-side  Lenders (Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their securities)
and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan
Documents or otherwise are being distributed through the Platform, any document
or notice that the Borrower has indicated contains only publicly available
information with respect to the Borrower may be posted on that portion of the
Platform designated for such public-side Lenders. If the Borrower has not
indicated whether a document or notice delivered contains only publicly
available information, the Administrative Agent shall post such document or
notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to
receive material nonpublic information with respect to the Borrower, its
Subsidiaries and their securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to indicate whether any document or
notice contains only publicly available information.  
 13.19.       USA
PATRIOT Act and Anti-Money Laundering Legislation . 
 (a)      The
Agents and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the
requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into
law October 26, 2001)) (the   Patriot Act  ), it is required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information
includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will
allow such Agent and such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with
the Patriot Act.  
 (b)     
The Agents and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the
requirements of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing
Act (Canada) and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist
financing, government sanction and  know your client  laws, whether within
Canada or elsewhere (collectively, including any guidelines or orders
thereunder,   AML Legislation  ), it is required to obtain, verify and
record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes
the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow
such Agent and such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the
AML Legislation.  
 -137-  

13.20.       Payments
Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is
made to any Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right
of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof
is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set
aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such
Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or
any other party, in connection with any proceeding or otherwise, then (a) to the
extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to
be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender
severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable
share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest
thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate
 per annum  equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in
effect.  
 13.21.       Reinstatement .
This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may
be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is
rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of
the Borrower, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver,
intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Borrower or
any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments
had not been made.  
 13.22.       No
Fiduciary Duty . Each Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively,
solely for purposes of this paragraph, the   Lenders  ), may have economic
interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders
and/or their Affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan
Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency
relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one
hand, and such Loan Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates, on the other. The
Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the
Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and
thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the
one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith
and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or
fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its stockholders or its
Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise
of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto
(irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will
advise any Loan Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters) or
any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set
forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal
and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Loan Party, its management,
stockholders or creditors. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it has
consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed
appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment
with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Loan
Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory
services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such
Loan Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
 
 13.23.       Intercreditor
Agreement . Each Lender hereunder (a) acknowledges that it has received a
copy of the Intercreditor Agreement, (b) agrees that it will be bound by and
will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
(c) authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to enter into the
Intercreditor Agreement as Administrative Agent and on behalf of such Lender and
(d) hereby consents to the subordination of the Liens securing the Obligations
on the terms set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. The foregoing provisions
are intended as an inducement to the lenders under the ABL Debt Documents to
extend credit to the Loan Parties and such lenders are intended third party
beneficiaries of such provisions. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency
between the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement shall control.  
 -138-  

13.24.       Currency
Indemnity . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court in any
jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it
becomes necessary to convert into a particular currency (the   Judgment
Currency  ) any amount due under this Agreement or under any other Loan
Document in any currency other than the Judgment Currency (the   Currency
Due  ), then conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on
the Business Day before the day on which judgment is given. For this purpose
 rate of exchange  means the rate at which the Administrative Agent is able, on
the relevant date, to purchase the Currency Due with the Judgment Currency in
accordance with its normal practice at its head office in Toronto, Ontario. In
the event that there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the
Business Day before the day on which the judgment is given and the date of
receipt by the Administrative Agent of the amount due, the Borrower will, on the
date of receipt by the Administrative Agent, pay such additional amounts, if
any, or be entitled to receive reimbursement of such amount, if any, as may be
necessary to ensure that the amount received by the Administrative Agent on such
date is the amount in the Judgment Currency which when converted at the rate of
exchange prevailing on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent is the
amount then due under this Agreement or such other Loan Document in the Currency
Due. If the amount of the Currency Due which the Administrative Agent is so able
to purchase is less than the amount of the Currency Due originally due to it,
the Borrower shall indemnify and save the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
harmless from and against all loss or damage arising as a result of such
deficiency. This indemnity shall constitute an obligation separate and
independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action,
shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by the Administrative Agent
from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or under any judgment or order.  
 -139-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the
parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered as of the date first above written.  

SUNOPTA INC., as Holdings   

By:   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer   

SUNOPTA FOODS INC., as Borrower   

By:   

Name: Robert McKeracher   

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Second Lien Loan Agreement]  

CITRUSOURCE, LLC, as Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

SUNRISE HOLDINGS (DELAWARE), INC., as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

SUNRISE GROWERS, INC., as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

FARM CAPITAL INCORPORATED, as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President    

 [Signature Page to Second Lien Loan Agreement]  

SUNOPTA GRAINS AND FOODS INC., as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

SUNOPTA COMPANIES INC., as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

SUNOPTA GLOBAL ORGANIC INGREDIENTS   
   
     INC., as Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

PACIFIC RIDGE FARMS, LLC, as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President   

SUNOPTA INVESTMENTS LTD., as   
   
     Guarantor   

By:  

Name:  
     Robert McKeracher   
   
     Title:  
     Vice President    

 [Signature Page to Second Lien Loan Agreement]  

BANK OF MONTREAL, as   
   
     Administrative Agent, Collateral
      Agent and a Lender   

By:  

Name:   

Title:    

 [Signature Page to Second Lien Loan Agreement]  

CO PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-   
   
     BOERENLEENBANK B.A.,  RABOBANK   
   
     NEDERLAND , NEW YORK BRANCH,   
   
     as a Lender   

By:   

Name:   

Title:    

 [Signature Page to Second Lien Loan Agreement] 

Agreed Security Principles   
 The Borrower and the Guarantors
will use their commercially reasonable efforts to grant, or take perfection
actions that are required under applicable law with respect to, a second
priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens, the Intercreditor
Agreement and the Agreed Security Principles) to the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of itself, the Lenders (and, to the extent any Permitted Additional
Parity Debt is outstanding, the lenders or holders of such Permitted Additional
Parity Debt) in all assets that secure the North American ABL Facility or any
other future Domestic Priority Debt. However, if after the use of commercially
reasonable efforts, the Borrower or the applicable Guarantor determines in good
faith that it cannot grant such security interest to, or cannot accomplish the
required or necessary perfection actions under the applicable laws of any
jurisdiction outside the United States and Canada for the benefit of, the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of itself, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, without undue burden or expense or because the laws of a particular
jurisdiction do not recognize the concept of a  second priority lien  or  second
priority security interest,  the Borrower and the Guarantors shall not be
required to grant such security interest and/or accomplish such perfection
actions, even if a security interest has been granted to, or such perfection
actions have been accomplished for the benefit of, any holders of Domestic
Priority Debt (such collateral shall be referred to as   Excluded
Collateral   and such excepted perfection actions shall be referred to as
  Excluded Actions  ). 
 Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Loan Documents, any Guarantees and any Obligations under this
Agreement will not be secured by any assets, and the Borrower and the applicable
Guarantors will not be required to accomplish any perfection actions under the
applicable laws of any jurisdiction for the benefit of, the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of itself, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, to the
extent that holders of Domestic Priority Debt (i) are not granted a Lien on such
assets or do not receive a perfected security interest in such assets under the
applicable laws of any jurisdiction for any reason, (ii) waive any requirement
to grant a Lien on, or accomplish perfection actions under the applicable laws
of any jurisdiction for, such assets or (iii) release their Lien on, or
perfected security interest in, such assets (or if such Lien is automatically
released) (other than in the case of this clause (iii) if such release occurs in
connection with the discharge in full of all obligations owing under such
Domestic Priority Debt which discharge (A) is not in connection with a
foreclosure of, or other exercise of remedies with respect to, such assets or
(B) is not in connection with a replacement or refinancing of such Domestic
Priority Debt, it being understood that in the case of this clause (B) the Notes
will be secured on a second priority basis by Collateral that secures the
Domestic Priority Debt that is outstanding after giving effect to any such
replacement or refinancing, subject to the Agreed Security Principles). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the
following categories shall be deemed to be Excluded Collateral: 

if the cost of providing such guarantee or lien and/or
      perfecting such security interest on a second priority basis is not
      proportionate to the benefit accruing to the Lenders;    

if there is material incremental cost or expense involved
      in creating, granting or perfecting a second priority lien or security
      interest over the assets of the Borrower or applicable Guarantor in a
      particular category of assets and/or a particular jurisdiction, only the
      material assets in that category and/or jurisdiction will be subject to
      such lien if doing so would result in a savings of such material
      incremental cost or expense (it being understood that if the whole
      category of such assets is not material, then no actions shall be required
      to be taken in respect of such category and/or in such jurisdiction);

if providing and/or perfecting such lien on a second
      priority basis (i) requires consent before such assets may be secured
      and/or perfected or (ii) where providing and/or perfecting such lien would, without the consent of a third
party, give such third party the right to terminate or otherwise amend any
rights, benefits and/or obligations of the Borrower or the Guarantors in respect
of those assets or require any of them to take any action materially adverse to
their interests and (subject to certain conditions being met) in respect of
either clause (i) or (ii) such consent cannot be obtained after the use of
commercially reasonable efforts;    
 Annex 1-1  

if providing and/or perfecting such lien on a second lien
      basis would be prohibited by applicable law, general statutory
      limitations, financial assistance, corporate benefit, fraudulent
      preference,  thin capitalization  rules or similar matters or providing
      and/or perfecting security would be outside the applicable pledgor s
      capacity or conflict with fiduciary duties of directors or cause material
      risk of personal or criminal liability after the use of commercially
      reasonable efforts to overcome such prohibitions (if possible);    

if in certain jurisdictions it may be either impossible
      or impractical to create and/or perfect a second lien priority lien over
      certain categories of assets or over all assets, such lien will not be
      granted and/or required to be perfected over such assets in such
      jurisdictions;    

if providing and/or perfecting such lien would have a
      material adverse effect (as reasonably determined in good faith by
      Holdings) on the ability of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct
      its operations and business in the ordinary course as otherwise permitted
      by this Agreement and any requirement under the Agreed Security Principles
      to seek consent of any person or take or not take any other action shall
      be subject to this principle;    

no perfection action will be required in jurisdictions
      where the Borrower or a Guarantor is not located or organized but
      perfection action or actions to make enforceable any lien may be required
      in the jurisdiction of another Subsidiary or where the assets of the
      Borrower or such Guarantor may also be located and no perfection action
      will be required in any supra-national registries;    

in the case of bank or securities accounts not located in
      the United States or Canada, if providing such lien and/or perfecting
      liens thereon would require giving notice to the banks with whom such
      accounts are maintained, such notice will only be provided after the Notes
      are accelerated (it being understood that whether located in the United
      States, Canada or elsewhere, control agreements (or similar perfection
      arrangements) with respect to any Collateral shall only be required to be
      entered into after the discharge in full of all Domestic Priority Debt
      secured by such Collateral;    

in the case of receivables, notification of receivables
      security to debtors and of liens over goods held by third parties will
      only be provided after the Notes are accelerated, subject to certain
      exceptions; and    

if the Administrative Agent or Notes Collateral Agent, as
      applicable, is unable to or refuses to execute the guarantee or any
      joinder to provide for a guarantee or security documents or otherwise
      cooperate in the provision of such guarantee or the granting of such liens
      and/or the taking of such actions required to perfect a lien in any such
      assets.     
 The Agreed Security Principles
with respect to the Notes will be interpreted and applied in good faith by
Holdings. 
 -2-  

If the Borrower or a Guarantor is
not required to grant a security interest or accomplish perfection actions due
to the exceptions set forth in this Annex I, the Borrower or such Guarantor
shall not be permitted to grant such security interest or accomplish such
perfection actions for the benefit of the holders of any Indebtedness of
Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Foreign
Subsidiary or a Canadian CFC unless such Indebtedness is Domestic Priority
Debt. 
 To the extent the North American
ABL Facility is secured in Canada by security taken under Section 427 (or any
successor provision) of the  Bank Act  (Canada), the Collateral Agent and
the Lenders will not meet the requirements under that Act for taking the same
security on a second lien basis in Canada. Instead, the Collateral Agent will be
granted a second priority security interest in the same Collateral covered by
the Bank Act security through more typical security granting instruments and
related filings under the PPSA.  
 -3-  

</EX-10>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER   PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Hendrik Jacobs, certify that:  

(1)  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      SunOpta Inc. for the quarter ended October 1, 2016;   

(2)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

(3)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

(4)  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a.  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b.  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c.  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d.  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

(5)  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a.  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
  /s/ Hendrik Jacobs   
 Hendrik Jacobs  President and Chief Executive Officer
 SunOpta Inc.  Date: November 9, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER   PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Robert McKeracher, certify that:  

(1)  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      SunOpta Inc. for the quarter ended October 1, 2016;   

(2)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

(3)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

(4)  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a.  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b.  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c.  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d.  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

(5)  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a.  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
  /s/ Robert McKeracher   
 Robert McKeracher  Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer  SunOpta Inc.  Date: November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 12
 exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

SunOpta Inc.: Exhibit 32 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32   
  CERTIFICATION    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of SunOpta Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Hendrik Jacobs, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Robert McKeracher, Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, that to our knowledge:  

1.  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

2.  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.    
 A signed original of this written statement, or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement, has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
 Date: November 9, 2016  
  /s/ Hendrik Jacobs   Hendrik Jacobs  President and
Chief Executive Officer  SunOpta Inc.  
  /s/ Robert McKeracher   Robert McKeracher  Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer  SunOpta Inc.  
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and should not be deemed to be
filed under the Exchange Act by the Company or the certifying officer.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 stkl-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 stkl-20161001.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 stkl-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 stkl-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 stkl-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 stkl-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

