<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_738214_0001654954-16-003856_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2909397</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98838</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>173794</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>997595</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>927695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>632007</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003856.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114084724
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003856
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AEMETIS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000738214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				261407544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36475
		FILM NUMBER:		161990899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20400 STEVENS CREEK BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-517-3304

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20400 STEVENS CREEK BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AE BIOFUELS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AE Biofuels, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARWICH II LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003856.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 amtx_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

amtx_10q.htm 

UNITED
STATES 

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934  

For the quarterly
period ended:  September 30,
2016  

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934  

For the transition
period
from                                                      to 

Commission File
Number:  001-36475  

AEMETIS,
INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada 

26-1407544 

(State or other jurisdiction 

(I.R.S. Employer 

of incorporation or organization) 

Identification No.) 

20400
Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 700 

  Cupertino,
CA 95014 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip
code) 

(408)
213-0940 

   ( Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. 

  Yes        No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such
files).   Yes       No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer,"
"accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated
filer         Accelerated
filer         
Non-accelerated filer       Smaller
reporting company     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes
    No   

The number of
shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock on
October 31, 2016 was 19,858,182 shares. 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

FORM
10-Q 

Quarterly Period
Ended September 30, 2016 

INDEX 

PART I--FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1 

Financial Statements. 

4 

Item 2. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. 

22 

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk. 

31 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures. 

31 

PART II--OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings 

32 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors. 

32 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

32

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

33

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

33

Item 5. 

Other Information. 

33 

Item 6. 

Exhibits. 

34 

Signatures     

35 

ii 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

On one or more
occasions, we may make forward-looking statements in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our
assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or
beliefs about future events or other statements that are not
historical facts.  Forward-looking statements in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, without limitation,
statements regarding management s plans; trends in demand for
renewable fuels; trends in market conditions with respect to prices
for inputs for our products verses prices for our products; our
ability to leverage approved feedstock pathways; our ability to
leverage our location and infrastructure; our ability to
incorporate lower-cost, non-food advanced biofuels feedstock at the
Keyes plant; our ability to adopt value-add byproduct processing
systems; our ability to expand into alternative markets
for  biodiesel and its byproducts, including continuing
to expand our sales into international markets; the impact of
changes in regulatory policies on our performance, including the
Indian government s recent changes to tax policies, diesel
prices and related subsidies; our ability to continue to develop
new, and to maintain and protect  new and existing,
intellectual property rights; our ability to adopt, develop and
commercialize new technologies; our ability to refinance our senior
debt on more commercial terms or at all; our ability to continue to
fund operations and our future sources of liquidity and capital
resources; our ability to sell additional notes under our EB-5 note
program and our expectations regarding the release of funds from
escrow under our EB-5 note program; our ability to improve margins;
and our ability to raise additional capital.  Words or
phrases such as  anticipates,   may, 
 will,   should,   believes, 
 estimates,   expects, 
 intends,   plans,   predicts, 
 projects,   targets,   will likely
result,   will continue  or similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking
statements.  These forward-looking statements are based
on current assumptions and predictions and are subject to numerous
risks and uncertainties.  Actual results or events could
differ materially from those set forth or implied by such
forward-looking statements and related assumptions due to certain
factors, including, without limitation, the risks set forth under
the caption  Risk Factors  below, which are
incorporated herein by reference as well as those business risks
and factors described elsewhere in this report and in our other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), including without limitation, our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

iii 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1 - Financial Statements.  

AEMETIS,
INC. 

  CONSOLIDATED
CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

  (In thousands
except for par value) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial
statements. 

4 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

  CONSOLIDATED
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE 

  INCOME
/ (LOSS) 

  (Unaudited, in
thousands except for earnings per share) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial
statements. 

5 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

  CONSOLIDATED
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

   (Unaudited,
in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial
statements. 

6 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

1.         Nature
of Activities and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Nature of Activities . These
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Aemetis,
Inc. (formerly AE Biofuels, Inc.), a Nevada corporation, and its
wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,  Aemetis  or
the  Company ): 

Aemetis Americas,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiary AE Biofuels, Inc., a
Delaware corporation; 

Biofuels Marketing,
Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Aemetis
International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiary
International Biofuels, Ltd., a Mauritius corporation, and its
subsidiary Universal Biofuels Private, Ltd., an India
company; 

Aemetis
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Aemetis
Biochemicals, Inc., a Nevada corporation 

Aemetis Biofuels,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiary Energy Enzymes,
Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

AE Advanced Fuels,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries Aemetis Advanced
Fuels Keyes, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Aemetis Facility
Keyes, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Aemetis Advanced
Fuels, Inc., a Nevada corporation; 

Aemetis Advanced
Products Keyes, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and, 

Aemetis Advanced
Fuels Goodland, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

We are an advanced
renewable fuels and biochemicals company focused on the
acquisition, development and commercialization of innovative
technologies that replace traditional petroleum-based products by
converting first generation biofuel plants into advanced
biorefineries.  Founded in 2006, we own and operate a 60
million gallon per year ethanol production facility (Keyes
plant) in California s Central Valley where we manufacture
and produce ethanol, Wet Distiller s Grain (WDG), Condensed
Distillers Solubles (CDS) and distillers  corn oil and a 50
million gallon per year renewable chemical and advanced fuel
production facility on the East Coast of India (Kakinada plant),
where we manufacture and produce high quality distilled biodiesel
and refined glycerin.  In addition, we operate a research
and development laboratory at the Maryland Biotech Center and hold
a portfolio of patents and related technology licenses for the
production of renewable fuels and biochemicals. 

Basis of Presentation and
Consolidation.  The consolidated condensed financial
statements include the accounts of Aemetis, Inc. and its
subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. The accompanying consolidated
condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, the consolidated
condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the
consolidated condensed statements of cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. The consolidated
condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from
the 2015 audited consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto. The consolidated condensed financial statements in this
report should be read in conjunction with the 2015 audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the
Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

The accompanying
consolidated condensed financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the SEC. 

Certain information
and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. 

7 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

In the opinion of
management, the unaudited interim consolidated condensed financial
statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 have been prepared on the same basis as the audited
consolidated statements as of December 31, 2015 and reflect all
adjustments, consisting primarily of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for the fair presentation of its statement of financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for any
subsequent quarter, for the full fiscal year or any future
periods. 

Use of Estimates . The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
To the extent there are material differences between these
estimates and actual results, the Company s consolidated
financial statements will be affected. 

Revenue recognition . The Company
recognizes revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an
arrangement, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or
determinable and collection is reasonably assured. The Company
records revenues based upon the gross amounts billed to its
customers. Revenue from nonmonetary transactions, principally
in-kind by-products received in exchange for material processing
where the by-product is contemplated by contract to provide value,
is recognized at the quoted market price of those goods or
by-products received. 

Cost of Goods Sold . Cost of goods sold
includes those costs directly associated with the production of
revenues, such as raw material consumed, factory overhead and other
direct production costs.  During periods of idle plant
capacity, costs otherwise charged to cost of goods sold are
reclassified to selling, general and administrative
expense. 

Accounts Receivable.   The
Company sells ethanol, WDG, corn syrup and corn oil through
third-party marketing arrangements generally without requiring
collateral.  The Company sells biodiesel, glycerin and
processed natural oils to a variety of customers and may require
advanced payment based on the size and creditworthiness of the
customer.  Accounts receivable consists of product sales
made to large creditworthy customers. Trade accounts receivable are
presented at original invoice amount, net of the allowance for
doubtful accounts. 

The Company
maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for balances that
appear to have specific collection issues. The collection process
is based on the age of the invoice and requires attempted contacts
with the customer at specified intervals. If, after a specified
number of days, the Company has been unsuccessful in its collection
efforts, a bad debt allowance is recorded for the balance in
question. Delinquent accounts receivable are charged against the
allowance for doubtful accounts once uncollectibility has been
determined. The factors considered in reaching this determination
are the apparent financial condition of the customer and the
Company s success in contacting and negotiating with the
customer. If the financial condition of the Company s
customers were to deteriorate, additional allowances may be
required. There is no balance for allowance for doubtful accounts
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Inventories . Ethanol inventory, raw
materials, and work-in-process are valued using methods which
approximate the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net
realizable value (NRV).  Distillers  grains and
related products are stated at NRV.  In the valuation of
inventories, NRV is determined as estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of
completion, disposal, and transportation. 

8 

Property, Plant and Equipment .
Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated
depreciation after assets are placed in service and are comprised
primarily of buildings, furniture, machinery, equipment, land, and
the biodiesel plant in India. It is the Company s policy to
depreciate capital assets over their estimated useful lives using
the straight-line method. 

The Company
evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets with finite lives
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Subtopic
360-10-35  Property Plant and
Equipment    Subsequent
Measurements,  which requires recognition of impairment of
long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, based on
estimated undiscounted cash flows, the impairment loss would be
measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the
assets and its estimated fair value. 

Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per
Share.   Basic net income (loss) per share is
computed by dividing net income or loss attributable to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period.  Diluted net income (loss)
per share reflects the dilution of common stock equivalents such as
options, convertible preferred stock, debt and warrants to the
extent the impact is dilutive.  As the Company incurred
net losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from
the diluted net loss per share computations as their effect would
be anti-dilutive. 

The following table
shows the number of potentially dilutive shares excluded from the
diluted net loss per share calculation as of September 30, 2016 and
2015: 

Comprehensive Loss.  ASC 220
 Comprehensive Income 
requires that an enterprise report, by major components and as a
single total, the change in its net assets from non-owner sources.
The Company s other comprehensive income (loss) and
accumulated other comprehensive loss consists solely of cumulative
currency translation adjustments resulting from the translation of
the financial statements of its foreign subsidiary. The investment
in this subsidiary is considered indefinitely invested overseas,
and as a result, deferred income taxes are not recorded related to
the currency translation adjustments. 

9 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Foreign Currency
Translation/Transactions.  Assets and liabilities of the
Company s non-U.S. subsidiary that operates in a local
currency environment, where that local currency is the functional
currency, are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in
effect at the balance sheet date, with the resulting translation
adjustments directly recorded to a separate component of
accumulated other comprehensive loss. Income and expense accounts
are translated at average exchange rates. Gains and losses from
other foreign currency transactions are recorded in other income
(expense). 

Operating Segments.  Operating segments
are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate
financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by
the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in
deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
The Company recognizes two reportable geographic segments:
 North America  and  India.  

The  North
America  operating segment includes the Company s 60
million gallons per year capacity Keyes plant in Keyes, California
and its research facilities in College Park, Maryland. 

The
 India  operating segment encompasses the
Company s 50 million gallon per year capacity biodiesel plant
in Kakinada, India, its administrative offices in Hyderabad, India,
and the holding companies in Nevada and Mauritius. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments. 
Financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, current and non-current portion of
notes payable and long-term debt and accrued expenses.  Due to
the unique terms of our notes payable and long-term debt and the
financial condition of the Company, the fair value of the debt is
not readily determinable.  Upon the application of
extinguishment accounting to our debt instruments, we use outside
valuation experts to estimate the applicable discount rate using
similar instruments.  The fair value, determined using level 3
inputs, of all other current financial instruments is estimated to
approximate carrying value due to the short-term nature of these
instruments. 

Share-Based Compensation.  The Company
recognizes share-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC
718  Stock Compensation, 
requiring the Company to recognize expense related to the estimated
fair value of the Company s share-based compensation awards
at the time the awards are granted adjusted to reflect only those
shares that are expected to vest. 

Commitments and
Contingencies.    The Company records and/or
discloses commitments and contingencies in accordance with ASC 450
 Contingencies .  ASC 450
applies to an existing condition, situation or set of circumstances
involving uncertainty as to possible loss that will ultimately be
resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to
occur. 

Debt Modification Accounting . The
Company evaluates amendments to its debt in accordance with ASC
470-50  Debt   Modification
and Extinguishments  for modification and extinguishment
accounting.  This evaluation includes comparing the net
present value of cash flows of the new debt to the old debt to
determine if changes greater than 10 percent
occurred.  In instances where the net present value of
future cash flows changed more than 10 percent, the Company applies
extinguishment accounting and determines the fair value of its debt
based on factors available to the Company. 

10 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Convertible Instruments . The Company
evaluates the impacts of convertible instruments based on the
underlying conversion features. Convertible instruments are
evaluated for treatment as derivatives that could be bifurcated and
recorded separately. Any beneficial conversion feature is recorded
based on the intrinsic value difference at the commitment
date. 

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements . 

In May 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition
requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new
standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods
or services. The new standard will be effective for us on January
1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that
Topic 606 may have on our financial position and results of
operations. 

2.           Inventory 

Inventory consists
of the following: 

3.         Property,
Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and
equipment consist of the following: 

11 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Depreciation on the
components of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the
straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amounts over
their estimated useful lives as follows: 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
depreciation expense of $1.1 million and $1.2 million,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company recorded depreciation expense of $3.5 million and
$3.6 million, respectively. 

Management is
required to evaluate these long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management determined
there were no triggering events on the long-lived assets during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

4.         Debt 

Debt consists of
the following: 

Third Eye Capital Note Purchase
Agreement  

On July 6, 2012,
Aemetis, Inc. and Aemetis Advanced Fuels Keyes, Inc. (AAFK),
entered into an Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with
Third Eye Capital (the Note Purchase
Agreement).  Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement,
Third Eye Capital extended credit in the form of (i) senior secured
term loans in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $7.2
million to replace existing notes held by Third Eye Capital (the
Term Notes); (ii) senior secured revolving loans in an aggregate
principal amount of $18.0 million (Revolving Credit Facility);
(iii) senior secured term loans in the principal amount of $10.0
million to convert the prior revenue participation agreement to a
note (Revenue Participation Term Notes); and (iv) senior
secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $15.0
million (Acquisition Term Notes) used to fund the cash portion of
the acquisition of Cilion, Inc. (the Term Notes, Revolving Credit
Facility, Revenue Participation Term Notes and Acquisition Term
Notes are referred to herein collectively as the Third Eye Capital
Notes). The Third Eye Capital Notes have a maturity date of April
1, 2017, extendable by the Company to April 2018 upon payment of a
fee equal to 5% of the carrying value of the debt. After this
financing transaction, Third Eye Capital obtained sufficient equity
ownership in the Company to be considered a related
party. 

12 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

On March 21, 2016,
Third Eye Capital agreed to Amendment No. 12 to the Note Purchase
Agreement to: (i) extend the maturity date of the Third Eye Capital
Notes to April 1, 2017 in exchange for a 5% extension fee
consisting of adding $3.1 million  to the outstanding
principal balance of the Revolving Credit Facility, with an
allowable further extension of the maturity date of the Third Eye
Capital Notes to April 1, 2018, at the Company s election,
for an additional extension fee of 5% of the then outstanding Third
Eye Capital Notes, (ii) waive the free cash flow financial covenant
under the Note Purchase Agreement for the three months ended
December 31, 2015, (iii) provide that such covenant need not be
complied with for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, June 30 and
September 30, 2016, (iv) revise the Keyes Plant market value to
note indebtedness ratio to 70%, (v) add a covenant that the Company
shall have received I-924 approval from the U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services (USCIS) for additional EB-5 Program financing
of at least $35 million by June 1, 2016 and (vi) increase the
basket for all costs and expenses that may be reimbursed to
directors of the Company and its affiliates to $0.3 million in any
given fiscal year.  As consideration for such amendment
and waiver, the borrowers agreed to pay Third Eye Capital an
amendment and waiver fee of $1.5 million to be added to the
outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Facility, and
to deliver a binding letter of intent from Aemetis Advanced Fuels
Goodland, Inc. to acquire the plant, property and equipment located
in Goodland, Kansas and previously owned by New Goodland Energy
Center for $15,000,000 in assumed debt.  In addition, a
Promissory Note dated February 9, 2016 for $0.3 million was added
to the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit
Facility as part of the Amendment No. 12 to the Note Purchase
Agreement. 

On April 15, 2016,
a Promissory Note for $1.2 million (April Promissory Note) was
advanced by Third Eye Capital to Aemetis Inc., as a bridge loan
with 12% interest per annum maturing on the earlier of (a) receipt
of proceeds from any financing to Aemetis Advanced Fuels Goodland,
Inc., and (b) 60 days from the April Promissory Note date or June
14, 2016. The April Promissory Note was subject to cross default
provisions on other Third Eye Capital Notes and the waiver was
obtained on July 31, 2016 to extend the maturity date of the April
Promissory Note to September 30, 2016 with an increase in interest
per annum to 18%. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repaid
all of the principal and interest outstanding on the bridge loan
Promissory Note. 

Terms of Third Eye Capital
Notes  

A.  

    Term
Notes  .   As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had $6.5 million in principal
and interest outstanding under the Term Notes, net of unamortized
fair value discounts of $0.2 million.  The Term Notes
mature on April 1, 2017* and accrue interest at 14% per
annum.  

B.  

    Revolving Credit
Facility  .   As of September 30, 2016,
AAFK had $32.5 million in principal and interest outstanding, net
of unamortized debt issuance costs of $1.0 million on the Revolving
Credit Facility.  The Revolving Credit Facility matures
on April 1, 2017* and accrues interest at the prime rate plus
13.75% (17.25% as of September 30, 2016), payable monthly in
arrears.  

13 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

C.  

    Revenue Participation Term
Notes  .   As of
September 30, 2016, AAFK had $10.8 million in principal and
interest outstanding, net of unamortized discounts of $0.4 million,
on the Revenue Participation Term Notes. The Revenue Participation
Term Notes mature on April 1, 2017* and accrue interest at 5% per
annum.  

D.  

    Acquisition Term
Notes  .   As
of September 30, 2016, Aemetis Facility Keyes, Inc. had $18.8
million in principal and interest outstanding, net of unamortized
discounts of $0.6 million, on the Acquisition Term Notes. The
Acquisition Term Notes mature on April 1, 2017* and accrue interest
at prime rate plus 10.75% (14.25% per annum as of September 30,
2016).  

The Third Eye
Capital Notes contain various covenants, including but not limited
to, minimum free cash flow debt ratio and production requirements
and restrictions on capital expenditures.  

The Third Eye
Capital Notes are secured by first priority liens on all real and
personal property of, and assignment of proceeds from all
government grants and guarantees from Aemetis, Inc.  The
Third Eye Capital Notes all contain cross-collateral and
cross-default provisions.  McAfee Capital, LLC (McAfee
Capital), owned by Eric McAfee, the Company s Chairman and
CEO, provided a guaranty of payment and performance secured by all
of its Company shares.  In addition, Eric McAfee provided
a blanket lien on substantially all of his personal assets, and
McAfee Capital provided a guarantee in the amount of $8.0
million.  

*The note maturity
date can be extended by the Company to April 2018. As a condition
to any such extension, the Company would be required to pay a fee
of 5% of the carrying value of the debt. By this ability to extend
the maturity at the Company s will, the Third Eye Capital
Notes are classified as non-current debt.  

Cilion shareholder seller notes
payable .  In connection with the Company s
merger with Cilion, Inc. (Cilion) on July 6, 2012, the Company
issued $5.0 million in notes payable to Cilion shareholders (Cilion
Notes) as merger compensation, subordinated to the Third Eye
Capital Notes.  The Cilion Notes bear interest at 3% per
annum and are due and payable after the Third Eye Capital Notes
have been paid in full.  As of September 30, 2016,
Aemetis Facility Keyes, Inc. had $5.6 million in principal and
interest outstanding on the Cilion Notes. 

State Bank of India secured term
loan .  On June 26, 2008, Universal Biofuels
Private Limited (UBPL), the Company s India operating
subsidiary, entered into a six year secured term loan with the
State Bank of India in the amount of approximately $6.0
million.  The term loan is secured by UBPL s
assets, consisting of the Kakinada plant. 

On August 22, 2015,
UBPL received from the State Bank of India a One Time Settlement
Sanction Letter allowing for, among other things, four payments
over a 360 day period amounting to $4.3 million, an interest rate
holiday for 15 days, after which the interest rate is payable at
the rate of 2% above the base rate of the Reserve Bank of India,
and certain releases by both parties. The base rate was at 9.3% to
9.7% and interest has accrued at 11.3% to 11.7%. Upon performance
under the agreement, including the payment of all stipulated
amounts, UBPL will receive relief for prior accrued interest in the
amount of approximately $2.1 million. We paid the first payment
under the settlement on August 23, 2015, the second payment under
the settlement on October 22, 2015 and the third payment under the
settlement on March 27, 2016. The final payment under the
settlement was due on August 25, 2016 with a grace period until
October 25, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the State Bank of India
loan had $3.2 million in principal and accrued interest
outstanding.  On October 20, 2016, the Company paid the
final stipulated amount and received relief for prior accrued
interest in the amount of approximately $2.1 million. 

14 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Subordinated Notes . On January
6 and January 9, 2012, AAFK entered into Note and Warrant Purchase
Agreements with two accredited investors pursuant to which it
issued $0.9 million and $2.5 million in original notes to the
investors (Subordinated Notes). The Subordinated Notes mature every
six months. Upon maturity, the notes are generally extended with a
fee of 10% added to the balance outstanding plus issuance of
warrants exercisable at $0.01 with a two year term. Interest is due
at maturity. Neither AAFK nor Aemetis may make any principal
payments under the Subordinated Notes until all loans made by Third
Eye Capital to AAFK are paid in full. 

On July 1, 2016,
the Subordinated Notes were amended to extend the maturity date
until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2016; (ii) completion of an
equity financing by AAFK or Aemetis in an amount of not less than
$25.0 million; (iii) the completion of an Initial Public Offering
by AAFK or Aemetis; or (iv) after the occurrence of an Event of
Default, including failure to pay interest or principal when due
and breaches of note covenants. A 10% cash extension fee was paid
by adding the fee to the balance of the new note and warrants to
purchase 113 thousand shares of common stock were granted with a
term of two years and an exercise price of $0.01 per share. We
evaluated these July 1, 2016 amendments and the refinancing terms
of the notes and determined that modification accounting was
appropriate in accordance with ASC 470-50  Debt   Modification and
Extinguishment . 

On January 14,
2013, Laird Cagan, a related party, loaned $0.1 million through a
promissory note maturing on April 30, 2013 with a five percent
annualized interest rate and the right to exercise 5 thousand
warrants exercisable at $0.01 per share (Laird Cagan Note). In
February 2015, the Laird Cagan Note was amended to extend the
maturity date until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2016; (ii)
completion of an equity financing by AAFK or the Company in an
amount of not less than $25.0 million; (iii) the completion of an
initial public offering by AAFK or Company; or (iv) after the
occurrence of an Event of Default, including failure to pay
interest or principal when due and breaches of note
covenants. 

At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had, in aggregate, the
amount of $7.1 million and $6.3 million in principal and interest
outstanding, respectively, under the Subordinated Notes including
the Laird Cagan Note. 

EB-5 long-term promissory
notes .  EB-5 is a U.S. government program
authorized by the Immigration and Nationality Act designed to
foster employment-based visa preference for immigrant investors to
encourage the flow of capital into the U.S. economy and to promote
employment of U.S. workers. The Company entered into a Note
Purchase Agreement dated March 4, 2011, (as further amended on
January 19, 2012 and July 24, 2012) with Advanced BioEnergy,
LP, a California limited partnership authorized as a Regional
Center to receive EB-5 investments, for the issuance of up to 72
subordinated convertible promissory notes (EB-5 Notes) bearing
interest at 3%, with each note in the principal amount of $0.5
million and due and payable four years from the date of the note,
for a total aggregate principal amount of up to $36.0 million (EB-5
Phase I funding).  The EB-5 Notes are convertible after
three years at a conversion price of $30.00 per share. 

Advanced BioEnergy,
LP arranges investments with foreign investors, who each make loans
to the Keyes plant in increments of $0.5 million. The Company has
sold an aggregate principal amount of $36.0 million of EB-5 Notes
under the EB-5 Phase I funding since 2012 to the report date of
this filing. As of September 30, 2016, $25.0 million have been
released from the escrow amount to the Company, with $11.0 million
remaining in escrow. On Oct. 12, 2016, an additional $6.0 million
was released from the escrow amount, with the availability of the
remaining $5.0 million dependent on USCIS approval of those
investors who have made escrow deposits.  As of September
30, 2016, $25.0 million in principal and $0.8 million in accrued
interest was outstanding on the EB-5 Notes. 

15 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

On October 16,
2016, the Company launched a new $50.0 million EB-5 Phase II
funding, issuing EB-5 Notes on the same terms and conditions as
those issued under the Company s EB-5 Phase I
funding. 

Unsecured working capital
loans .  In November 2008, the Company entered into
an operating agreement with Secunderabad Oils Limited (Secunderabad
Oils).  Under this agreement, Secunderabad Oils agreed to
provide the Company with working capital, on an as needed basis, to
fund the purchase of feedstock and other raw materials for its
Kakinada biodiesel facility.  Working capital advances
bear interest at the actual bank borrowing rate of Secunderabad
Oils of 15%.  In return, the Company agreed to pay
Secunderabad Oils an amount equal to 30% of the plant s
monthly net operating profit.  In the event that the
Company s biodiesel facility operates at a loss, Secunderabad
Oils would owe the Company 30% of the losses.  The
agreement can be terminated by either party at any time without
penalty.  On January 1, 2016, Secunderabad Oils suspended
the agreement to use any funds provided under the agreement to buy
feedstock until commodity prices returned to economically viable
levels.  On June 1, 2016, the agreement was reinstated on
the terms described above. 

During the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company made
principal and interest payments to Secunderabad Oils of
approximately $3.6 million and $2.4 million,
respectively.  During the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company made principal and interest payments to
Secunderabad Oils of approximately $4.5 million and $3.5 million,
respectively.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had approximately $0.4 million and none
outstanding under this agreement, respectively. 

Scheduled debt
repayments for loan obligations follow: 

5.      Stock-Based
Compensation 

Common Stock Reserved for Issuance 

Aemetis authorized
the issuance of 1.9 million shares of common stock under its
Zymetis 2006 Stock Plan and Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Plan
(together, the  Company Stock Plans ), which include
both incentive and non-statutory stock options. These options
generally expire five to ten years from the date of grant with a
general vesting term of 1/12 th  every three
months and are exercisable at any time after vesting subject to
continuation of employment. 

Non-Plan Stock Options 

In November 2012,
the Company issued 98 thousand stock options to board members and
consultants outside of any Company stock option plan. As of
September 30, 2016, all options are vested and 89 thousand options
are outstanding. 

16 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Inducement Equity Plan Options 

In March 2015, the
Board of Directors of the Company approved an Inducement Equity
Plan authorizing the issuance of 100 thousand non-statutory stock
options to purchase common stock.  As of September 30,
2016, 37 thousand options were outstanding. 

The following is a
summary of options granted under all stock plans: 

Stock-based compensation for
employees 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for in accordance with the provisions of
ASC 718,  Compensation-Stock
Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition
of compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to
employees and directors based on estimated fair values on the grant
date. We estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The value of
the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is
recognized as expense over the requisite service periods using the
straight-line method. 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
stock compensation expense in the amount of $172 thousand and $161
thousand, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company recorded stock compensation expense in
the amount of $573 thousand and $694 thousand,
respectively. 

Valuation and Expense Information 

All issuances of
stock options or other issuances of equity instruments to employees
as the consideration for services received by us are accounted for
based on the fair value of the equity instrument issued. The fair
value of options granted to employees is estimated on the grant
date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This valuation
model for stock based compensation expense requires us to make
assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the
calculation, including the fair value of our common stock, the
expected term (the period of time that the options granted are
expected to be outstanding), the volatility of our common stock, a
risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. We also estimate
forfeitures of unvested stock options. To the extent actual
forfeitures differ from the estimates, the difference will be
recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are
revised. No compensation cost is recorded for options that do not
vest. We use the simplified calculation of expected life described
in the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, Share-Based
Payment, and volatility is based on an average of the historical
volatilities of the common stock of four entities with
characteristics similar to those of the Company. The risk-free rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the
option. We use an expected dividend yield of zero, as we do not
anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Expected
forfeitures are assumed to be zero due to the small number of plan
participants and the plan. 

17 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

12,000 new hire
stock options were issued during the three months ended September
30, 2016. The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair
value of the stock options issued. 

Description  

Value 

Dividend-yield 

0  % 

Risk-free
interest rate 

1.38  % 

Expected
volatility 

75.9  % 

Expected
life (years) 

7    

Market
value per share on grant date 

$  1.63    

Fair
value per share on grant date 

$  1.01    

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had $1.3 million of total unrecognized
compensation expense for employees which the Company will amortize
over the 2.35 years of weighted average remaining
term. 

6.         Agreements 

Working Capital
Arrangement.   Pursuant to a Corn Procurement and
Working Capital Agreement with J.D. Heiskell   Co. (J.D.
Heiskell).  The Company agreed to procure whole yellow
corn and grain sorghum, primarily from J.D.
Heiskell.  The Company has the ability to obtain grain
from other sources subject to certain conditions; however, in the
past all the Company s grain purchases have been from J.D.
Heiskell.  Title and risk of loss of the corn pass to the
Company when the corn is deposited into the Keyes plant weigh
bin.  The term of the Agreement expires on December 31,
2016 and is automatically renewed for additional one-year
terms.  J.D. Heiskell further agrees to sell all ethanol
the Company produces to Kinergy Marketing or other marketing
purchasers designated by the Company and all WDG the Company
produces to A.L. Gilbert.  The Company markets and sells
distillers corn oil to A.L. Gilbert and other third
parties.  The Company s relationships with J.D.
Heiskell, Kinergy Marketing, and A.L. Gilbert are well established
and the Company believes that the relationships are beneficial to
all parties involved in utilizing the distribution logistics,
reaching out to widespread customer base, managing inventory, and
building working capital relationships.  Revenue is
recognized upon delivery of ethanol to J. D. Heiskell as revenue
recognition criteria have been met and any performance required of
the Company subsequent to the sale to J.D. Heiskell is
inconsequential.  These agreements are ordinary purchase
and sale agency agreements for the Keyes plant. 

18 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

The J.D. Heiskell
sales activity associated with the Purchasing Agreement, Corn
Procurement and Working Capital   Agreements during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as
follows: 

Ethanol and Wet Distillers Grains Marketing
Arrangement.  The Company entered into an Ethanol Marketing
Agreement with Kinergy Marketing and a Wet Distillers Grains
Marketing Agreement with A. L. Gilbert. Under the terms of the
agreements, subject to certain conditions, the agreements with
Kinergy Marketing and with A.L. Gilbert mature on August 31, 2017
and on December 31, 2016, respectively, each with automatic
one-year renewals thereafter.   For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company expensed marketing
costs of $0.6 million for each period, respectively, under the
terms of both ethanol and wet distiller s grains marketing
agreements. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company expensed marketing costs of $1.7 million and $1.8
million, respectively. 

7.         Segment
Information 

The Company
recognizes two reportable geographic segments:  North
America  and  India.  The  North
America  operating segment includes the Company s owned
ethanol plant in Keyes, California and its technology lab in
College Park, Maryland. As the Company s technology gains
market acceptance, this business segment will include its domestic
commercial application of cellulosic ethanol technology, its plant
construction projects and any acquisitions of ethanol or ethanol
related technology facilities in North America. 

The
 India  operating segment includes the Company s
50 million gallon per year nameplate capacity biodiesel
manufacturing plant in Kakinada, the administrative offices in
Hyderabad, India, and the holding companies in Nevada and
Mauritius. The Company s biodiesel is marketed and sold
primarily to customers in India through brokers and by the Company
directly. 

19 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Summarized
financial information by reportable segment for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

North America.  During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s revenues
from ethanol, WDG, and corn oil were earned pursuant to the Grain
Procurement and Working Capital Agreement established between the
Company and J.D. Heiskell.  Sales of ethanol, WDG, and
corn oil to J.D. Heiskell accounted for 93% and 94% of the
Company s North America segment revenues for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company s
revenues from ethanol, WDG, and corn oil were earned pursuant to
the Grain Procurement and Working Capital Agreement established
between the Company and J.D. Heiskell.  Sales of ethanol,
WDG, and corn oil to J.D. Heiskell accounted for 94% and 93% of the
Company s North America segment revenues for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

India . During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, two biodiesel customers accounted for 57% and
17% and no refined glycerin customers accounted for more than 10%
of consolidated India segment revenues compared to one biodiesel
customer accounting for 72% and no refined glycerin customers
accounting for more than 10% of the consolidated India segment
revenues during the three months ended September 30,
2015. 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, two biodiesel customers accounted
for 55% and 11% and no refined glycerin customers accounted for
more than 10% of consolidated India segment revenues, compared to
one biodiesel customer accounting for 55% and no refined glycerin
customers accounting for more than 10% of consolidated India
segment revenues during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

20 

AEMETIS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited, tabular data in thousands except par value and per
share data) 

Total assets
consist of the following: 

8.         Related
Party Transactions 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company owes Eric McAfee and McAfee
Capital, solely owned by Eric McAfee, $360 thousand each in
connection with employment agreements and expense reimbursements,
which are included in accrued expenses and accounts payable on the
balance sheet.   For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company expensed $16 thousand
each,  respectively, to reimburse actual expenses
incurred by McAfee Capital and related entities.  For the
nine months September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company expensed $57
thousand and $54 thousand, respectively, to reimburse actual
expenses incurred by McAfee Capital and related
entities. 

9.       Subsequent
Events 

State Bank of India:   On
October 20, 2016, UBPL paid the final stipulated amount due to the
State Bank of India as required by the One Time Settlement Sanction
Letter and received relief for prior accrued interest in the amount
of approximately $2.1 million. 

On October 16,
2016, the Company launched a new $50.0 million EB-5 Phase II
funding, issuing EB-5 Notes on the same terms and conditions as
those issued under the Company s EB-5 Phase I
funding. 

10.     Management s
Plan 

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared contemplating the
realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business.  The Company has been reliant on
their senior secured lender to provide additional funding and has
been required to remit substantially all excess cash from
operations to the senior secured
lender.  Management s plans for the Company
include, but are not limited to: 

Operating the Keyes
plant; 

Continuing to
incorporate lower-cost, non-food advanced biofuels feedstock at the
Keyes plant when economical; 

Obtaining the
remaining $5.0 million of EB-5 Phase I funding from
escrow; 

Obtaining $50.0
million in funding from EB-5 Phase II funding currently being
offered to investors; 

Refinancing the
senior debt with a lender who is able to offer terms conducive to
the long term financing of the Keyes plant; 

Use the
Company s India facility as collateral for additional working
capital or for reducing current financing costs; 

Securing higher
volumes of shipments from the plant; and 

Offering the
Company s common stock by the ATM Registration
Statement. 

Management believes
that through the above mentioned actions it will be able to fund
company operations and continue to operate the secured assets for
the foreseeable future.  There can be no assurance that
the existing credit facilities and cash from operations will be
sufficient nor that the Company will be successful at maintaining
adequate relationships with the senior lenders or significant
shareholders.  Should the Company require additional
financing, there can be no assurances that the additional financing
will be available on terms satisfactory to the
Company. 

21 

Item
2.                      Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

Our Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(MD A) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding
our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
MD A is organized as follows: 

Overview  .
Discussion of our business and overall analysis of financial and
other highlights affecting us to provide context for the remainder
of MD A.  

Results
of Operations  . An analysis of our financial
results comparing the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 to the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources  . An analysis of changes in
our balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial
condition.  

Critical
Accounting Estimates  . Accounting estimates that we
believe are important to understanding the assumptions and
judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and
forecasts.  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Aemetis, Inc. consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion
contains forward-looking statements that reflect the plans,
estimates and beliefs of Aemetis, Inc. As discussed in further
detail above, the actual results could differ materially from those
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed
below and elsewhere in this Report, and in other 
 
reports we file with the SEC, specifically our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K. All references to years relate to the
calendar year ended December 31 of the particular
year. 

Overview 

We are an advanced
renewable fuels and biochemicals company focused on the
acquisition, development and commercialization of innovative
technologies that replace traditional petroleum-based products by
converting first generation biofuel plants into advanced
biorefineries.  Founded in 2006, we own and operate a 60
million gallon per year ethanol production facility (Keyes
plant) in California s Central Valley, where we manufacture
and produce ethanol, Wet Distiller s Grain (WDG), Condensed
Distillers Solubles (CDS) and distillers  corn oil and a 50
million gallon per year renewable chemical and advanced fuel
production facility on the East Coast of India (Kakinada plant),
where we manufacture and produce high quality distilled biodiesel
and refined glycerin.  In addition, we operate a research
and development laboratory at the Maryland Biotech Center, and hold
a portfolio of patents and related technology licenses for the
production of renewable fuels and biochemicals. 

We continue to
evaluate the acquisition of businesses and the licensing of
technologies that expand the transition of traditional biofuels
plants to the production of valuable advanced biofuels. 
During the second quarter of 2016, we announced the entry into an
agreement to acquire EdenIQ, Inc., a cellulosic ethanol technology
company.  Acquiring EdenIQ would extend our ethanol
capabilities into cellulosic ethanol by providing capital light and
operationally efficient solutions that can be easily integrated
into existing corn ethanol plants.  Using our position as a
producer of ethanol and biodiesel, we are also focused on the
licensing of technology and the development of capabilities that
allow for the production of advanced biofuels at facilities located
at or near our current plants. 

22 

Results
of Operations 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended
September 30, 2015 

Revenues 

Our revenues are
derived primarily from sales of ethanol and WDG in North America
and biodiesel and glycerin in India. 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.   For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, we generated 76% of our revenue
from sales of ethanol, 21% from sales of WDG, and 3% from sales of
distillers corn oil and CDS.  During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, plant production averaged 107% of 55
million gallon per year nameplate capacity.  The slight
increase in revenues between the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to September 30, 2015 was due to ethanol sales
volumes increasing by 4% to 14.8 million gallons while average
ethanol prices decreased by 1% to $1.75 per gallon.  The
average price of WDG also decreased 1% to $74.74 per ton while WDG
sales volumes increased 10% to 97.2 thousand tons during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

India.    For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we generated 90% of our sales from
biodiesel and 10% of our sales from refined glycerin, compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015 when we generated 86% of
our sales from biodiesel and 14% of our sales from refined
glycerin. The decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to
decreases in overall sales volumes by 22% in the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015, as well as
increases in average feed stock costs for biodiesel by 24% with a
combination of constraints on working capital to purchase feedstock
at these higher prices.  In addition, biodiesel sales
volumes decreased by 21% to 6.0 thousand metric tons while the
average sales prices increased by 20% to $824 per metric
ton.  Similarly, sales volumes of refined glycerin
decreased by 28% to 852 metric tons while average sales prices of
glycerin decreased by 13% to $619 per metric ton. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.   We ground 5.2
million bushels of corn at an average price of $4.45 per bushel
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 4.8
million bushels of corn at an average price of $5.01 per bushel
during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our cost of
feedstock per ton decreased by 11% in the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015. 

23 

India.   The decrease in costs
of goods sold was attributable to decreases in sales volumes of
biodiesel and refined glycerin.  In addition, average
biodiesel feedstock costs increased by 24% to $593 per metric ton,
partially offset by decreases in average feedstock costs of refined
glycerin by 31% to $436 per metric ton in the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Gross
Profit 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.   Gross profit
increased by 316% due to decreases in the average prices of corn by
11%.  In addition, ethanol and WDG volumes increased by
4% and 10% respectively, partially offset by average selling prices
for ethanol and WDG decreasing by only 1% each in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015. 

India.   The decrease in gross
profit by 13% was attributable to decreases in overall volumes of
all products by 22% to 6.9 metric tons and increases in overall
average price of feedstock by 15% to $577, resulting in a lower
gross profit margin during the three months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Operating
Expenses 

R D 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

The decrease in
R D expenses in our North America segment for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015 was due to decreases in professional fees of $17
thousand and supplies and other expenses of $13
thousand. 

Selling, General   Administrative (SG A) 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

SG A expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for employees,
marketing expenses related to sales of ethanol and WDG in North
America and biodiesel and other products in India, as well as
professional fees, other corporate expenses, and related facilities
expenses. 

24 

North America.  SG A expenses as a
percentage of revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2016
increased to 9% as compared to 8% in the corresponding period of
2015. The SG A expenses in the three months ended September 30,
2016 increased by 24% compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase was due to increases in insurance and
penalties on property taxes of $0.5 million, marketing expenses of
$48 thousand, and professional fees and supplies expenses of $28
thousand. 

India .  SG A expenses as
a percentage of revenue in the three months ended September 30,
2016 decreased to 4% as compared to 6% in the corresponding period
of 2015. The decrease was due to decreases in supplies and services
expenses by $76 thousand, professional fees by $21 thousand,
utilities, and travel and entertainment expenses by $19 thousand,
and marketing expenses by $40 thousand, partially offset by
increase in salaries and depreciation by $25 thousand. 

Other
(Income) and Expense 

Three
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands)  

Other
(Income)/Expense.   Other (income) expense consists
primarily of interest, amortization and extinguishment expense
attributable to debt facilities acquired by our parent company and
our subsidiaries, and interest accrued on the judgment obtained by
Cordillera Fund and The Industrial Company (TIC). The debt
facilities include stock or warrants issued as fees. The fair value
of stock and warrants are amortized as amortization expense, except
when the extinguishment accounting method is applied, in which case
refinanced debt costs are recorded as extinguishment loss or
gain. 

North America .  Interest
expense was higher in the three months ended September 30, 2016 due
to higher outstanding debt balances. The increase in amortization
expense is due to debt issuance costs added during the first and
third quarters through refinancing the Subordinated Notes and fees
on amending the Third Eye Capital Notes. The decrease in other
expense in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to
full amortization of a guaranty fee in prior periods. 

India .  Interest expense for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was lower compared with
the prior period as a result of three settlement payments made with
the State Bank of India, which decreased the outstanding loan
balance. The increase in other income was caused by an increase in
foreign exchange gains of $27 thousand, partially offset by the
decrease in other scrap sales by $16 thousand. 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015 

Revenues 

Our revenues are
derived primarily from sales of ethanol and WDG in North America
and biodiesel and glycerin in India. 

25 

Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.    For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated 76% of our
revenue from sales of ethanol, 21% from sales of WDG, and 3% from
sales of distillers corn oil and CDS.  During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, plant production averaged 100% of
the 55 million gallon per year nameplate capacity.  The
decrease in revenues between the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is due to
decreases in ethanol sales volumes by 4% to 41.0 million gallons,
while average ethanol prices stayed consistent at
$1.74.  In addition, average prices of WDG decreased by
12% to $73 per ton while WDG sales volumes increased by only 1% to
277 thousand tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

India .  For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we generated 87% of our sales from
biodiesel and 13% of our sales from refined glycerin, compared to
77% of our sales from biodiesel and 23% of our sales from refined
glycerin during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  The slight increase in revenues was primarily
attributable to increases in biodiesel sales volumes by
15%.  Biodiesel sales volumes increased by 15% to 13.9
thousand metric tons while average prices of biodiesel stayed
consistent at $733 per metric ton.  Sales volumes of
refined glycerin decreased by 33% to 2.6 thousand metric tons while
average prices of glycerin also decreased by 11% to $592 per metric
ton in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.    We ground
14.4 million bushels of corn and grain sorghum at an average price
of $4.58 per bushel during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to 14.9 million bushels of corn at an average price
of $5.05 per bushel during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  The decrease in cost of goods sold was
attributable to decrease in cost of corn by 9% coupled with
decreases in revenues by 6% in the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

India.   The increase in cost
of goods sold was attributable to an increase in sales volume from
sales of biodiesel and glycerin.  In addition, the
average prices of feedstock for all products increased by 6% to
$533 per metric ton for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $502 per metric ton in the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

26 

Gross
Profit 

Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

North America.   Gross profit
increased due to decreases in feedstock costs by 9% and the usage
of milo which allowed us to receive grant income for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

India.   The decrease in gross
profit was attributable to increases in average feedstock costs by
7% to $7.9 million compared to the average feedstock costs of $7.4
million during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  In addition, average sales prices for all products
decreased only 1% to $711 per metric ton in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $717 per metric ton in the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.          

Operating
Expenses 

R D 

  Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

The R D
expenses decreased 12% was attributable primarily to a decrease in
professional fees of $33 thousand. 

Selling, General   Administrative (SG A) 

  Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 

SG A expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for employees,
marketing expenses related to sales of ethanol and WDG in North
America and biodiesel and other products in India, as well as
professional fees, other corporate expenses, related facilities
expenses and operational support fees paid to our working capital
partner, Secunderabad Oils Limited, as part of an operating profit
sharing arrangement. 

North America .  SG A
expenses as a percentage of revenue in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were consistent at 9% as compared to the
corresponding period of 2015.  The decrease in SG A
expenses was primarily due to decreases in salaries and stock
compensation expenses of $0.3 million and professional fees of $0.8
million, partially offset by increases in insurance, utilities, and
penalties of $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

India .  SG A expenses as
a percentage of revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
increased to 8% as compared to 7% in the corresponding period of
2015.  Overall SG A expenses increased slightly
period over period due to increases in operating support charges of
$131 thousand and salaries of $134 thousand, partially offset by
decreases in marketing expenses of $55 thousand and professional
and travel expenses of $66 thousand.   

27 

Other
Income and Expense 

Nine
Months Ended September 30 (in thousands)  

Other
(Income)/Expense.   Other (income) expense consists
primarily of interest, amortization and extinguishment expense
attributable to debt facilities acquired by our parent company and
our subsidiaries, and interest accrued on the judgments obtained by
Cordillera Fund and The Industrial Company (TIC).  The
debt facilities include stock or warrants issued as
fees.  The fair value of stock and warrants are amortized
as amortization expense, except when the extinguishment accounting
method is applied, in which case refinanced debt costs are recorded
as extinguishment expense. 

North America .  Interest
expense was higher in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due
to higher debt balances.  The decrease in amortization
expense was due to full amortization of several amendment fees
under the Third Eye Capital Notes and Subordinated Note refinancing
fees added in 2015, offset by debt issuance costs associated with
the amendment and refinancing.  The debt extinguishment
costs were lower in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 than
in the corresponding period of 2015 as extinguishment accounting
was not applied to two Subordinated Notes with two accredited
investors in the 2016 period compared to the extinguishment
accounting that was applied once to Subordinated Notes that were
refinanced in the 2015 period.  The increase in other
income in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to
receipt of $0.5 million from a mandated gas credit from PG E
compared to increases in expenses due to amortization of a debt
guarantee fee. 

India .  Interest expense
decreased as a result of decreases in the outstanding balance on
the State Bank of India loan during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and decreases in the utilization of working capital with
Secunderabad Oils by 68% in the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  The slight
increase in other income was caused primarily by increases caused
by other scrap sales and foreign exchange gains in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash
equivalents were $0.7 million at September 30, 2016, of which $0.6
million was held in our North American entities and $0.1 million
were held in our Indian subsidiary. Our current ratio at September
30, 2016 was 0.25 compared to a current ratio of 0.27 at December
31, 2015. We expect that our future available capital resources
will consist primarily of cash generated from operations, remaining
cash balances, EB-5 program borrowings, amounts available for
borrowing, if any, under our senior debt facilities and our
subordinated debt facilities, and any additional funds raised
through sales of equity. 

28 

Liquidity 

Cash and cash
equivalents, current assets, current liabilities and debt at the
end of each period were as follows (in thousands): 

Our principal
sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operations and
borrowings under various debt arrangements. Under the
Company s EB-5 Phase I program, the Company has sold notes in
the amount of $36.0 million since 2012. As of October 2016, $31.0
million in funds from the EB-5 program have been released to
Aemetis s subsidiary, AE Advanced Fuels, Inc.; the EB-5
escrow account is holding funds from 10 investors pending approval
by the USCIS. These funds remaining in escrow represent $5.0
million of funding that is expected to be released from the escrow
account in the fourth quarter of 2016 to early 2017. On October 16,
2016, the Company launched a new $50.0 million EB-5 Phase II
funding, issuing EB-5 Notes on the same terms and conditions as
those issued under the Company s EB-5 Phase I funding. Our
principal uses of cash have been to service indebtedness and
capital expenditures. We anticipate these uses will continue to be
our principal uses of cash in the future.  Global
financial and credit markets have been volatile in recent years,
and future adverse conditions of these markets could negatively
affect our ability to secure funds or raise capital at a reasonable
cost or at all.  For additional discussion of our various
debt arrangements see  Note 4.
Debt  of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

We operate in a
volatile market in which we have little control over the major
components of production costs and product revenues.  As
such, we expect cash provided by operating activities to fluctuate
in future periods primarily as a result of changes in the prices
for corn, ethanol, WDG, distillers corn oil, CDS, biodiesel, waste
fats and oils, non-refined palm oil and natural gas. To the
extent that we experience periods in which the spread between
ethanol prices and corn and energy costs narrow or the spread
between biodiesel prices and waste fats and oils or palm oil and
energy costs narrow, we may require additional working capital to
fund operations.  

Management believes
that through:  (i) operating the Keyes plant, (ii) continuing
to incorporate lower-cost, non-food advanced biofuels feedstock at
the Keyes plant when economical, thereby increasing operating
margins, (iii) obtaining the remaining $5.0 million of EB-5Phase I
funding from escrow, (iv) obtaining $50.0 million in funding from
EB-5 Phase II funding currently being offered to investors, (v)
refinancing senior debt on terms more commensurate with the
long-term financing of capital assets, (vi) securing higher
volumes of sales from the Kakinada plant, (vii) continuing to
expand the domestic India markets, (viii) using the availability on
the existing working capital credit line, and (ix) sales of common
stock under the ATM registration statement, we will be able to
obtain the liquidity necessary to fund company operations for the
foreseeable future. However, there is no assurance that our
operations will generate significant positive cash flow, or that
additional funds will be available to us, through
borrowings or otherwise, on favorable terms when required, or
at all.   

As of September 30,
2016, the outstanding balance of principal, interest and fees, net
of discounts, on all Third Eye Capital Notes equaled $68.6
million.  The current maturity date for all of the Third
Eye Capital financing arrangements is April 1, 2017; provided,
however, that pursuant to Amendment No. 12, dated March 21, 2016,
we have the right to extend the maturity date of the Third Eye
Capital Notes to April 1, 2018 upon notice and payment of a 5%
extension fee.  We intend to pay the Third Eye Capital
Notes through operational cash flow, EB-5 subordinated debt, a
senior debt refinancing and/or equity financing.  

Our senior lender
has provided a series of accommodating amendments to the existing
and previous loan facilities in the past as described in further
detail in  Note 4. Debt  of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of
this Form 10-Q.  However, there can be no assurance that our
senior lender will continue to provide further amendments or
accommodations or will fund additional amounts in the
future. 

29 

We also rely on our
working capital lines with J.D. Heiskell in California and
Secunderabad Oils, in India to fund our commercial arrangements for
the acquisition of feedstock.  J.D. Heiskell currently
provides us with working capital for the Keyes plant and
Secunderabad Oils currently provides us with working capital for
the Kakinada plant.  The ability of both J.D. Heiskell and
Secunderabad Oils to continue to provide us with working capital
depends in part on both of their respective financial strength and
banking relationships. 

Change in Working Capital and Cash Flows 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, current and long term debt
increased $9.9 million, primarily due to (i) accrued interest of
$8.4 million, (ii) $1.5 million waiver fee, (iii) $3.1 million
maturity date extension fee, (iv) $0.3 million drawn on the
promissory note for operations from our senior lender, (v) $1.8
million drawn on the promissory note from our senior lender for
State Bank of India repayment and payment on property tax payment
settlement agreement, (vi) $0.7 million in subordinated debt
extension fees, (vii) $1.5 million received from EB-5 escrow, and
(viii) $4.9 million drawn from the Secunderabad Oils working
capital loan.  The increase in current and long term debt
was partially offset by decreases due to:  (i) $4.9
million of principal and interest payments to our senior lender,
(ii) $5.7 million of principal and interest payments to the State
Bank of India loan and Secunderabad Oils working capital loan in
India, and (iii) $1.6 million in discount issuance costs to be
amortized.  Current assets decreased by $0.6 million,
primarily due to a (i) $0.4 million increase in cash partially
offset by a (ii) $0.8 million decrease in inventories and (iii)
$0.2 million decrease in accounts receivable and other
assets. 

Net cash provided
by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 was $0.4 million, consisting of non-cash charges of $8.5
million, net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $6.1
million, and net loss of $14.2 million. The non-cash charges
consisted of:  (i) $4.4 million in amortization of debt
issuance costs and patents, (ii) $3.5 million in depreciation
expenses and (iii) $0.6 million in stock-based compensation
expense.  Net changes in operating assets and liabilities
consisted primarily of a decrease in accounts payable of $1.3
million and an increase in other assets of $0.2 million, partially
offset by:  (i) a $0.7 million increase in other
liabilities, (ii) a $1.0 million decrease in prepaid expenses,
accounts receivable and inventory, and (iii) a $5.9 million
increase in accrued interest. 

Cash used by
investing activities consists of capital expenditures of $0.5
million mostly from UBPL operations. 

Cash provided by
financing activities was $0.4 million, primarily from proceeds from
borrowings of $8.5 million, partially offset by payments in
principal on long-term term loans of $8.1 million. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are
based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amount of net sales and
expenses for each period. We believe that of our most significant
accounting policies, the following represents our critical
accounting policies, defined as those policies that we believe are
the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and
results of operations and that require management s most
difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of
the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are
inherently uncertain: revenue recognition; recoverability of
long-lived assets, convertible notes, and extinguishment
accounting. These significant accounting principles are more fully
described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical
Accounting Policies  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. 

30 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

None reported
beyond those disclosed in our 2015 annual report. 

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item 4.     Controls
and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Management (with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act).  Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report,
our disclosure controls and procedures along with the related
internal controls over financial reporting were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be
disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management,
including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure
controls or our internal control over financial reporting will
prevent or detect all error and all fraud.  A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met.  Our controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that our control
system s objective will be met and our CEO and CFO have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at the reasonable assurance level.  The design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs.  Further, because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to
error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been
detected.  These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or
mistake.  Controls can also be circumvented by the
individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the controls.  The
design of any system of controls is based in part on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.  Projections
of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future
periods are subject to risks.  Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration
in the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during
our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II -- OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1.   Legal Proceedings 

On August 31, 2016,
the Company filed a lawsuit in Santa Clara County Superior Court
against defendants EdenIQ, Inc. (EdenIQ) and its CEO, Brian D.
Thome, and Trinity Capital Investments (Trinity).  The
lawsuit is based on EdenIQ s wrongful termination of a merger
agreement that would have effectuated the merger of the Company and
EdenIQ.  The lawsuit also asserts that EdenIQ and Mr.
Thome fraudulently induced the Company into assisting EdenIQ to
obtain EPA approval for a new technology which the Company would
not have done but for the merger agreement. The relief sought
includes EdenIQ s specific performance of the merger
agreement and monetary damages, as well as punitive damages,
attorneys  fees, and costs. 

On March 10, 2011,
UBPL, our India operating subsidiary, received a demand notice from
the State Bank of India under the Agreement of Loan for Overall
Limit dated as of June 26, 2008.  The notice informed
UBPL that an event of default had occurred for failure to make an
installment payment on the loan commencing June 2009 and demanded
repayment of the entire outstanding indebtedness of 19.60 crore
rupees (approximately $3.2 million) together with all accrued
interest thereon and any applicable fees and
expenses.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, interest accrues at the default interest
rate of 2% above the State Bank of India Advance
Rate.  The default period began on July 1, 2009 when the
principal payment was deemed past due; and we have accrued interest
at the default rate since the beginning of the default
period.  On August 22, 2015, UBPL received a One Time
Settlement Sanction Letter from the State Bank of India allowing
for, among other things, four payments over a 360 day period
amounting to $4.3 million, an interest rate holiday for 15 days
after which the interest rate is payable at a rate of 2% above the
base rate of Reserve Bank of India and certain releases by both
parties.  On October 20, 2016, UBPL paid the final
stipulated amount and received relief for prior accrued interest in
the amount of approximately $2.1 million. 

On August 4, 2013,
GS Cleantech Corporation, a subsidiary of Greenshift Corporation
( Greenshift ), filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of California  
Fresno Division against us and our subsidiary, AAFK.  The
case was transferred to the Southern District of Indiana and joined
to a pending Multidistrict Litigation.  The complaint
alleges infringement of patent rights assigned to Greenshift and
pertaining to corn oil extraction processes we employ, and seeks
royalties, treble damages, attorney s fees, and injunctions
precluding us from further infringement.  The corn oil
extraction process we use is licensed to us by Valicor Separation
Technologies LLC.  Valicor has no obligations to
indemnify us.  On October 23, 2014, the Court ruled that
all the claims of all the patents at issue in the case are invalid
and, therefore, not infringed and adopted this finding in our case
on January 16, 2015.  GS Cleantech has said it will
appeal this decision when the remaining claim in the suit has been
decided.  We believe the likelihood of Greenshift
succeeding on appeal of the invalidity findings is small since the
Court s findings included several grounds for invalidity of
each allegedly infringed patent.  If Greenshift
successfully appeals the findings of invalidity, damages
may be $1 million or more.  The only remaining claim in
the suit alleges that GS Cleantech obtained the patents at issue by
inequitably conducting itself before the United States Patent
Office.  A trial in the District Court for the Southern
District of Indiana on that issue was concluded and the Court found
the patents unenforceable because of inequitable conduct by GS
Cleantech before the Patent and Trademark Office.  GS
Cleantech has asked the Court to reconsider its decision, citing
the existence of a recently issued patent which the patent examiner
allowed despite the Court s findings and the allowance of
which the Court did not consider when making its decision of
inequitable conduct.  GS Cleantech has indicated it will
appeal the current ruling on inequitable conduct if the
Court s reconsideration does not result in a change in its
findings. 

Item
1A.  Risk Factors. 

No change
in risk factors since the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on
March 28, 2016. 

Item
2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds. 

On July 1, 2016, we
issued 113   thousand
shares of our common stock to two subordinated promissory note
holders pursuant to the note holders  warrant exercise at an
exercise price of $0.01 per share. 

The above issuance
was exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as sales of securities not
involving any public offering. 

32 

Item
3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

No unresolved
defaults on senior securities occurred during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 

Item
4.    Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None 

Item
5.    Other Information. 

None 

33 

Item
6.                      Exhibits. 

34 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

By: 

/s/ E ric  A. M c A fee  

Eric A.
McAfee 

  Chief Executive
Officer 

  (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14,
2016 

AEMETIS,
INC. 

By: 

/s/ Todd
Waltz 

Todd
Waltz 

  Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer 

  (Principal
Financial Officer) 

Date: November 14,
2016 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 amtx_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Eric McAfee, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 of Aemetis, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements, for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

By:      /s/
E  ric 
 A.
M  c  A  fee                

Eric
A. McAfee 

Chief
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 amtx_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Todd Waltz, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 of Aemetis, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements, for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

By:    /s/ TODD
WALTZ                   

Todd
Waltz 

Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 amtx_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Aemetis, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the "Report"), I, Eric A. McAfee, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

   By  :    /s/
E  ric 
 A.
M  c  A  fee

Eric
A. McAfee 

Chief
Executive Officer 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 amtx_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Aemetis, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the "Report"), I, Todd Waltz, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

By:   /s/ TODD
WALTZ                    

Todd
Waltz 

Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 amtx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 amtx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 amtx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 amtx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 amtx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 amtx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

