<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1127160_0001144204-16-133390_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14203477</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110281</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>459359</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5194081</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6583127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1581674</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133390.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110171233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133390
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127160
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				562215437
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31877
		FILM NUMBER:		161989098

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 10209
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27404-0209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3362881898

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133390.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452006_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

 (Mark One) 

x    
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the quarterly period ended     September
30, 2016                                    

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the transition period from                           to                           

Commission File Number:   000-31877  

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

North Carolina  
       
      56-2215437   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

101 North Spring Street, Greensboro, North Carolina  
       
      27401   
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(336) 288-1898  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

n/a  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.             x  
Yes       No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer                                          Accelerated
filer      

Non-accelerated filer      
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      Smaller reporting company   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes   x   No            

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

 There were 5,045,358 shares of the Issuer s
common stock, $1.00 par value, outstanding as of November 10, 2016.   

CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS, INC.  

INDEX 

1   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

2   

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3   

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4   

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited)  

  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5   

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note A   Summary 

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. (the  Holding
Company ) is a North Carolina corporation organized in 2000. In August 2000 pursuant to the plan of share exchange approved
by the stockholders of Carolina Bank (the  Bank ), all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Bank were exchanged
for shares of common stock of the Holding Company. The Holding Company presently has no employees. 

The Bank was incorporated in August 1996, and
began banking operations in November 1996. It is engaged in lending and deposit gathering activities in Guilford, Alamance, Randolph
and Forsyth counties of North Carolina and operates under the laws of North Carolina, the Rules and Regulations of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks. The Bank has three locations in Greensboro, two offices
in Winston-Salem and an office in Asheboro, Burlington, and High Point. All banking offices are in the Piedmont Triad region of
North Carolina. A wholesale mortgage banking division is located at the Greensboro corporate headquarters, and mortgage loan production
offices are located in Burlington, Chapel Hill and Sanford. 

The Holding Company files periodic reports
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. 

Note B   Business combinations  

On June 21, 2016, the Holding Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with First Bancorp, under which, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Holding Company will merge with and into First Bancorp,
with First Bancorp as the surviving corporation in the merger. In connection with the merger, the Bank will merge with and into
First Bancorp s wholly owned bank subsidiary, with First Bancorp s bank subsidiary surviving the bank merger. Under
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Holding Company stockholders will have the right to receive 1.002
shares of First Bancorp common stock or $20 in cash, or a combination thereof, for each share of Holding Company stock. The total
merger consideration will be prorated as necessary to ensure that 25% of the total outstanding shares of the Holding Company common
stock will be exchanged for cash and 75% of the total outstanding shares of the Holding Company common stock will be exchanged
for shares of First Bancorp common stock. The merger is subject to, among other things, regulatory and Holding Company stockholder
approval and other customary closing conditions and is currently expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016 or first quarter
of 2017. 

Note C   Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Holding Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bank (collectively the  Company ). The Bank
also owns two limited liability companies for the purpose of holding foreclosed real estate, the assets and operations of which
are consolidated into the Bank and included herein. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

7   

Note D   Basis of presentation 

In management s opinion, the financial
information, which is unaudited, reflects all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial information as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Operating results for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for future annual periods. 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements are presented in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 105,   The FASB
Accounting Standards Codification   and   The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles  , which
codifies generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States. 

The organization and business
of the Company, accounting policies followed, and other information are contained in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part
of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. The financial statements included in this report should be read in conjunction
with the Company s annual consolidated financial statements. 

Note E   Use of estimates  

The consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which require management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term
relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the valuation of other real estate owned. 

Note F   Stock compensation plans 

The Company s stockholders approved the
2009 Omnibus Stock Ownership and Long Term Incentive Plan ( Omnibus Plan ) in 2009 to replace three expired stock option
plans, a nonqualified plan for directors and two incentive stock option plans for management and employees. The Omnibus Plan provides
for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, long-term incentive compensation units
and stock appreciation rights to employees and directors. An aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock were
reserved for issuance under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, and 490,000 shares remained available for grant at September 30, 2016. 

There were no stock option grants in the first
nine months of 2016 or 2015. There was no compensation expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015 related to stock
options. At September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation. 

As a result of the exercise of stock options,
24,028 new shares of common stock were issued in the first nine months of 2016. 

Note G   Earnings per common share 

Earnings per common share has been determined
on a basic basis and a diluted basis which considers potential stock issuances. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, basic earnings per common share has been computed based upon the weighted average common shares outstanding. 

The only potential issuances of Company common
stock at this time are stock options granted to various officers of the Bank. Convertible preferred stock, which was sold in a
private placement offering on March 31, 2015 and later converted to 1,550,000 shares of common stock, was included in diluted weighted
average common shares for one day in the first quarter of 2015 and for the entire second quarter of 2015. The following is a summary
of the diluted earnings per common share calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

8   

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, there were no stock options that were excluded in computing diluted common shares outstanding since the option exercise
prices were less than the average market price for the period. 

Note H   Preferred stock and convertible
preferred stock  

In December 2008, the stockholders of the Company
approved an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation authorizing the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no
par value. In January 2009, the Company issued 16,000 shares of preferred stock, Series A, to the U.S. Treasury and received $16
million under the Capital Purchase Program. The Company granted a warrant to purchase 357,675 shares of common stock at a price
of $6.71 per share to the U.S. Treasury as part of the preferred stock transaction. Dividends at 5% per annum were payable quarterly
for the first five years; the dividend increased to 9% per annum after the fifth year effective February 16, 2014. 

The U.S. Treasury sold its holding of $16 million
in preferred stock to private investors in February 2013, and the warrant to the U.S. Treasury was repurchased by the Company for
$1.8 million in April 2013. The Company retired 5,006 shares of its outstanding Series A preferred stock in 2013 and retired the
remaining shares in May of 2015. 

On March 31, 2015, the Company issued 15,500
shares of Series B convertible preferred stock at $975 per share in a private placement offering and received $14,069,000 in net
proceeds after offering expenses of $1,044,000. The net proceeds from this private placement were used to retire the remaining
Series A preferred stock in May of 2015 and to improve capital levels. All 15,500 shares of the Series B convertible preferred
stock were converted into 1,550,000 shares of common stock on May 22, 2015 following stockholder approval. No dividends were ever
declared or paid on the Series B convertible preferred stock. 

Note I   Subordinated debentures  

In December 2004, the Company issued $10,310,000
of unsecured junior subordinated debentures which accrue and pay interest quarterly at three month LIBOR plus 2% per annum. These
debentures were issued to Carolina Capital Trust ( Carolina Trust ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company which
is not consolidated in these consolidated financial statements pursuant to accounting principles governing consolidated variable
interest entities. Carolina Trust acquired these debentures using the proceeds of its offerings of common securities to the Company
and $10 million of Trust Preferred Securities to outside investors. The Trust Preferred Securities qualify as Tier 1 capital under
current Federal Reserve Board guidelines. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act eliminated trust preferred
securities as an element of Tier 1 capital for certain institutions. However, bank holding companies with assets of less than $15
billion as of December 31, 2009, were permitted to include trust preferred securities that were issued before May 19, 2010, as
Tier 1 capital. The Company has entered into contractual arrangements which, in the aggregate, constitute a full, irrevocable and
unconditional guarantee on a subordinated basis by the Company of the obligations of Carolina Trust under the Trust Preferred Securities.
The Trust Preferred Securities are redeemable upon maturity of the debentures on January 7, 2035, or upon earlier redemption as
provided in the indenture. The Company has the right to redeem the debentures purchased by Carolina Trust in whole or in part at
any time. 

9   

In August and September of 2008, Carolina Bank
issued $9,300,000 of unsecured junior subordinated notes to outside investors which accrue and pay interest quarterly at three
month LIBOR plus 4% per annum. The notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Bank, subject to a 20% annual reduction which began
on October 1, 2013 and continues each year thereafter until maturity. The notes are redeemable upon maturity on September 30, 2018,
or earlier at the Bank s option, in whole or part subject to regulatory approval, beginning September 30, 2013. The Board
of Directors and our primary regulators have approved the retirement of these notes, subject to maintaining Well Capitalized status
after subordinated debt extinguishment. The approval to retire the Bank subordinated debt expires on August 29, 2017. The expenses
of the offering of $373,000 were capitalized at issuance and were amortized over sixty months. The notes are subordinate to the
rights of payment to depositors, bankers acceptances, letters of credit and general creditors. 

Note J   Operating segments   

The Company is considered to have three principal
business segments in 2016 and 2015, the Commercial/Retail Bank, the Mortgage Banking Division, and the Holding Company. The Mortgage
Banking Division began originating home mortgage loans through third parties and selling these loans to investors in late 2007.
A retail mortgage operation was added to the mortgage banking division in July 2010. Financial performance, reflective of inter-company
and intra-company eliminations, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and selected balance sheet information,
reflective of inter-company and intra-company eliminations, at September 30, 2016 and 2015 for each segment is as follows: 

10   

The mortgage banking division experienced
strong growth in originations from 2007 through 2012 due to low interest rates and due to the purchase of a retail loan production
office in July of 2010. Origination of home mortgage loans has been volatile over the past few years and is dependent on a number
of factors including the level of interest rates, general economic conditions, real estate values, and underwriting criteria to
qualify borrowers. Mortgage loan originations were $378.1 million, $544.6 million, $411.3 million, and $761.0 million for the first
nine months of 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Interest rate risk has been minimized by obtaining optional loan sales
commitments when loan origination commitments are made or by entering into hedging transactions whereby mortgage backed securities
are sold for the estimated closing value of loan commitments. Borrower fraud is a risk that has been minimized by prudent underwriting
and by obtaining indemnification from the originating bank or broker for the risks the Company assumes. Warranty provisions and
related warranty liabilities were established in 2009 and subsequent years to provide for potential claims that might arise from
borrower fraud, underwriting errors, or compliance assessments. Warranty expense was $19,000 and $42,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $42,000 and $138,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The lower warranty expense in 2016 relates to lower originations and an updated study of historical claims and various
market data conducted in 2016. The warranty liability, which is available to fund future warranty claims, was $1,467,000 and $1,547,000
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Claims incurred since establishment of the mortgage division in 2007
have totaled $1,238,000. In addition, seven loans with a total current carrying balance, including fair value loss adjustments
recorded when transferred, of $1,555,000 have been repurchased and are included in loans held for investment. 

Note K   Securities  

A summary of the amortized cost, gross
unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair values of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity follows: 

11   

12   

The scheduled maturities of debt securities
available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Securities with a carrying value of approximately
$13,847,000 at September 30, 2016 and $16,220,000 at December 31, 2015 were pledged to secure retail repurchase agreements and
certain deposits. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least quarterly. Consideration is given to the length of time and the extent to which the fair values have been less
than amortized cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the security issuers, and the intent and ability to retain
impaired investments for a period to allow recovery in fair value. 

At September 30, 2016, one corporate debt
security with $977,000 in fair value had an unrealized loss of $4,000. The value of this security with an unrealized loss fluctuates
based on changes in the value of U.S. Treasury bonds with similar characteristics, debt ratings changes of the issuing institution,
financial performance of the related institution, world events, and demand for the security. As management has the ability and
intent to hold this debt security until maturity, the decline is not deemed to be other-than-temporary. 

Information pertaining to securities with
gross unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by category and length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous loss position follows: 

13   

Note L    Loans and
allowance for loan losses  

The activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the first nine months of 2016 and year ended 2015 and related asset balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 is summarized as follows: 

A loan is past due when the borrower has
not made a payment by the contractual due date. The following table presents the carrying value of loans that are past due thirty
days or more. Loans which are ninety days or more past due are generally on non-accrual status, at which time all accrued interest
is removed from interest income. All non-accrual loans are reflected in the past due ninety days or more category shown in the
following table: 

14   

Loans are determined to be impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts will not be collected when due according to the contractual
terms of the original loan agreement. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total recorded investment in impaired loans
amounted to approximately $15,290,000 and $14,394,000, respectively. Of these impaired loans, $4,392,000 and $3,110,000 were on
non-accrual status at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

15   

The recorded investment and related information
for impaired loans is summarized as follows: 

16   

Loans that are past due 90 days or more
or where there is serious doubt as to collectability are placed on non-accrual status. Non-accrual loans are not returned to accrual
status unless principal and interest are current and borrowers have demonstrated the ability to make contractual payments. Accrued
interest is reversed through a charge to income when loans are placed on non-accrual status, and future payments on non-accrual
loans are generally applied to principal. The following is a summary of non-accrual loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

Loans are graded according to an internal
loan rating classification system when originated. Loan grades are periodically re-evaluated during servicing, internal loan reviews,
and external loan reviews. The general categories of the internal loan rating classification are: 

Pass - Acceptable loans    

Special Mention - Loans with potential
identified weaknesses in administration or servicing.    

Classified - Adversely classified loans
with identified weaknesses, and potential or identified losses of principal and/or interest due.    

17   

The following is a breakdown of loans by
the general categories of the internal rating system: 

During 2016 and 2015, the Company restructured
certain loans to improve the likelihood that the loans would be repaid in full under the modified terms in accordance with reasonable
repayment schedules. Management evaluates each of these loans in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to determine
whether they should be reported as troubled debt restructurings. 

The Company offers a variety of modifications
to borrowers. The modification categories offered can generally be described in the following categories: 

Rate Modification   A modification
in which the interest rate is changed.    

Term Modification   A modification
in which the maturity date, timing of payments, or frequency of payments is changed.    

Interest Only Modification   A modification
in which the loan is converted to interest only payments for a period of time.    

Payment Modification   A modification
in which the dollar amount of the payment is changed, other than an interest only modification described above.    

Combination Modification   Any other
type of modification, including the use of multiple categories above.     

Available commitments for troubled debt
restructurings outstanding as of September 30, 2016 totaled $426,000. 

18   

The following tables present troubled debt
restructurings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Bank s policy is that loans placed
on non-accrual status will typically remain on non-accrual status until all principal and interest payments are brought current
and the prospect for future payment in accordance with the loan agreement appears relatively certain. The Bank s policy generally
refers to six months of payment performance as sufficient to warrant a return to accrual status. 

Troubled debt restructurings are classified
as impaired loans when modified, and fair value calculations are performed to determine the specific reserves required in the allowance
for loan losses related to these loans. Troubled debt restructurings can be removed from such status and returned to non-impaired
status in years subsequent to restructure if the interest rate charged at restructure was greater than or equal to the rate charged
for a new extension of credit with comparable risk and if the loan is performing and there is no available information to indicate
that performance will not continue. 

19   

The following table presents newly restructured
loans that occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016; there were no outstanding newly restructured loans
as of September 30, 2015. 

20   

The following table presents the troubled
debt restructurings with a payment default, with the payment default occurring within 12 months of the restructure date, and the
payment default occurring during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Troubled debt restructuring defaults can
result in a higher allowance for loan losses and a corresponding higher provision for loan losses because defaults generally negatively
impact the timing of and expected collections from these impaired loans. Impaired loans, which include troubled debt restructurings,
are evaluated for specific additions to the allowance for loan losses by subtracting the recorded investment in these impaired
loans from their fair values. Fair value is generally determined by the present value of future cash flows, collateral value, or
liquidation value. Defaults generally reduce the present value of the future cash flows and can negatively impact the collateral
values if declining real estate values are impacting the sale of collateral. 

Loans secured by one to four family residential
properties with unpaid principal balances of $592,000 at September 30, 2016 were in the process of foreclosure. These loans have
been evaluated for impairment and related allowances for loan losses have been made where collateral values are less than principal
loan balances. 

Note M   Fair value measurements  

The Company has adopted the accounting
standards within FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ,
which provides a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value
is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and to determine fair value
disclosures. The Company has not elected the fair value option to value liabilities. Securities available-for-sale and loans held
for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record
at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans held for investment and certain other assets. These
nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual
assets. 

When measuring fair value, valuation techniques
should be appropriate in the circumstances and consistently applied. A hierarchy is used to prioritize valuation inputs into the
following three levels to determine fair value: 

Level 1   quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level 2   observable
inputs other than the quoted prices included in Level 1. 

 Level 3   unobservable
inputs. 

Fair Value on a Recurring Basis. 
The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a recurring basis and the following is a general description of the methods
used to value such assets. 

Securities available-for-sale

Securities available-for-sale are
recorded at fair value. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair
values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future
cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions.
Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities and
certain corporate bonds that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level
2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and most corporate debt
securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities and corporate debt securities in less liquid markets. 

21   

Loans held for sale   

 The Company opted to account for loans
held for sale at fair value which is measured based on what secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar
characteristics. As such, the Company classifies loans subject to recurring fair value adjustments as Level 2 valuation. 

Interest rate lock commitments  

 The mortgage banking division of the Company
sells its residential mortgage loans held for sale on a forward best efforts basis at fixed prices or on a mandatory basis by entering
into forward sale mortgage-backed securities at approximately the same time as fixed rates are given to borrowers. The value of
the estimated interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ) given to borrowers were marked to market through the income
statement during 2016 and 2015. The significant unobservable input used in the Level 3 fair value measurement of the Company s
IRLCs on loans held for sale is the closing ratio, which represents the percentage of loans currently in a lock position which
management estimates will ultimately close. The closing ratio is largely dependent on loan processing stages and the change in
prevailing interest rates from the time of the rate lock. The closing ratio is computed by management using historical data. 

The fair value of IRLCs is based on servicing
rate premium, origination income net of origination costs, fall out rates and changes in loan pricing due to delays in meeting
commitment closing dates. The Company classifies IRLCs as Level 3. Gain or loss on IRLCs for the period is included in mortgage
banking income of non-interest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The mortgage banking division resumed reporting
IRLCs in the first quarter of 2015 after having suspended recognition in 2014 due to immateriality. Below is a summary of activity
related to interest rate lock commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Unrealized gains (losses) on forward
sale mortgage-backed securities   

 The mortgage banking division of the Company
resumed selling a portion of its loans on a mandatory basis in 2015 and hedging the related loans and forward commitments to borrowers
by entering into forward sale mortgage-backed securities transactions at approximately the same time that fixed rate commitments
are given to borrowers. The forward sale mortgage-backed securities are purchased or closed when the related loan sales are consummated.
The unrealized gains or losses on forward sale mortgage-backed securities are included in mortgage banking income to properly match
the income from IRLCs noted above. The Company classifies unrealized gains (losses) on forward sale mortgage-backed securities
as Level 1 since end of the day bid prices in the active mortgage backed securities market are used to determine the unrealized
gains (losses). Unrealized gains are shown as other assets and unrealized losses are shown as other liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

22   

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized below: 

Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis. 
The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the following is a general description of the methods
used to value such assets. 

Impaired loans  

 The Company does not record loans
at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses
is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual
terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Impaired loans are recorded at fair value less estimated selling costs. Once
a loan is identified as individually impaired, the Company measures impairment. Fair values of impaired loans are generally estimated
using one of several methods, including collateral value, liquidation value, discounted cash flows and, in rare cases, the market
value of the note. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the net present value of the expected
cash flows or fair value of the collateral less costs to sell exceed the recorded investments in such loans. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a majority of the total impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral.
When the fair value of the collateral is based on an executed sales contract with an independent third party, the Company records
the impaired loans as nonrecurring Level 1. If the collateral is based on another observable market price or a current appraised
value, the Company records the impaired loans as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or the Company
determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price,
the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. Impaired loans can also be evaluated for impairment using the present
value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. The measurement of impaired loans using
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate rather than the market rate of interest is not a fair
value measurement and is therefore excluded from fair value disclosure requirements. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated
on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 

23   

Other real estate owned and
repossessed assets  

 Properties acquired through, or
in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell at the date of foreclosure.
Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying
value or the new fair value less estimated selling costs. Fair value is generally based upon current appraisals, comparable sales,
and other estimates of value obtained principally from independent sources, adjusted for selling costs. When the fair value of
the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Company records the asset as nonrecurring
Level 2. However, the Company also considers other factors or recent developments which could result in adjustments to the collateral
value estimates indicated in the appraisals such as changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation.
In situations where an appraisal less estimated selling costs is used to determine fair value, management adjustments are significant
to the fair value measurements, or other means are used to estimate fair value in the absence of an appraisal, the Company records
the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. 

Assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized below: 

24   

Fair Value on a Recurring or
Non-recurring Basis   Unobservable Inputs for Level 3.    For Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements
were as follows: 

Fair Value of items not valued as such. 
The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value for disclosure purposes only. The assumptions used
in estimating the fair value of these financial instruments are detailed below: 

Bank term deposits : Discounted
cash flows have been used to value bank term deposits. The discount rate used is based on interest rates currently being offered
by banks accepting institutional term deposits on comparable terms. 

Securities held-to-maturity :
The fair values of securities held to maturity are recorded on a non-recurring basis when an impairment in value that is deemed
to be other than temporary occurs.  Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available.  If quoted
prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such
as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors
such as credit loss assumptions.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no fair value adjustments for
other than temporary impairment of securities held-to-maturity. 

Net non-impaired loans held
for investment : For most variable rate loans, fair values are based on carrying values. Fixed rate commercial, other installment,
and certain real estate mortgage loans are valued using discounted cash flows. The discount rates used to determine the present
value of these loans are based on interest rates currently being charged by the Company on comparable loans as to credit risk and
term. 

Time deposits : Discounted
cash flows have been used to value fixed rate and variable rate term deposits. The discount rate used is based on interest rates
currently being offered by the Company on comparable deposits as to amount and term. 

Advances from the Federal Home
Loan Bank : Discounted cash flows have been used to value fixed rate term advances. The discount rates used are based on interests
rates currently being offered by the Federal Home Loan Bank on comparable advances as to amounts and terms. 

25   

Trust preferred subordinated
debt : The fair value of trust preferred subordinated debt was determined by discounting cash flows using a rate 3% higher than
the actual current rate over an estimated remaining term of 11.25 years in 2016 and 12 years in 2015. The trust preferred debt
was issued at favorable rates in 2004, and current rates are approximately 3% higher when available. Under the current capital
guidelines, the Company s trust preferred subordinated debt is included in Tier 1 capital. 

The following presents the carrying amount,
fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This
table excludes financial instruments for which the carrying amount approximates fair value. For short-term financial assets such
as cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value
due to the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization. For financial liabilities
such as non-interest bearing demand deposits, NOW, money market and savings deposits, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate
of fair value due to these products having no stated maturity. 

Note N   Derivatives and financial
instruments  

A derivative is a financial instrument
or arrangement that derives its cash flows and value by reference to an underlying instrument, index or referenced interest rate.
These instruments are designed to hedge exposures to interest rate risk or for speculative purposes. The Company increased its
use of derivatives related to hedging interest rate lock commitments during 2015. 

26   

Accounting guidance requires an entity
to recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet, and measure those instruments at fair value.
Changes in the fair value of those derivatives are reported in current earnings or other comprehensive income depending on the
purpose for which the derivative is held and whether the derivative qualifies for hedge accounting. 

The Company sells residential mortgage
loans on a best efforts basis and a mandatory basis in order to minimize the impact of changing interest rates on the value of
fixed loan commitments given to borrowers. Optional commitments to sell mortgage loans are consummated at approximately the same
time that optional commitments are given to borrowers to originate the loans under best efforts sales. Mandatory loan sales are
generally made after loans are closed; the related fixed rate loan commitments granted to borrowers when they lock in their loan
rates are hedged by selling mortgage-backed securities on a forward basis. The forward sold mortgage-backed securities are later
purchased to close the hedge once the mandatory sales are consummated. The Company resumed selling loans on a mandatory basis and
re-instituted hedging mortgage loan rate lock commitments during 2015. 

The table below provides the carrying values
of derivative instruments of mortgage loan rate lock commitments and forward sale mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

27   

The table below presents the aggregate
fair value and aggregate unpaid principal of loans held for sale at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Interest income on loans held for sale
is recognized based on contractual rates and is reflected in interest income on loans in the consolidated statements of operations.
The following table details net gains resulting from changes in fair value of these loans which were recorded in mortgage banking
income in the consolidated statements of operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
changes in fair value are mostly offset by economic hedging activities and also fluctuate based on the change in the aggregate
loan principal outstanding. An immaterial portion of these amounts was attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk. 

Note O   Impact of recently adopted
accounting standards  

The FASB published ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , in April 2015. Debt issuance costs are specific incremental costs, other than those
paid to the lender, that are directly attributable to issuing a debt instrument. The amendments require that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The guidance is limited to the presentation of debt issuance costs and does not
affect the recognition and measurement of such costs. The amortization of debt issuance costs continues to be calculated using
the effective interest method and is reported as interest expense. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments did not have a
material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: 

Requiring equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income    

Requiring public business entities to
use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes    

Requiring separate presentation of financial
assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables)
on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements    

Allowing equity investments that do not
have readily determinable fair values, to be measured at cost minus impairment (if any), plus or minus changes resulting from observable
price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer    

28   

Eliminating the requirement to disclose
the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities    

Eliminating the requirement for public
business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be
disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet    

Requiring a reporting organization to
present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from
a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has elected
to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments    

Requiring separate presentation of financial
assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables)
on the balance sheet or in the accompanying notes to the financial statements    

Clarifying that a valuation allowance
on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities should be evaluated in combination with the organization s
other deferred tax assets    

The new guidance is effective
for the Company s 2018 interim and annual statements. These amendments are not expected to have a material effect on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ,
in an effort to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment award transactions as follows: 

Accounting for Income Taxes   
All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) should be recognized
as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete
items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity also should recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the
benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period.    

Classification of Excess Tax Benefits
on the Statement of Cash Flows    Excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an
operating activity.    

Forfeitures    An entity can
make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP)
or account for forfeitures when they occur.    

Minimum Statutory Tax Withholding Requirements 
  The threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable
jurisdictions.    

Classification of Employee Taxes Paid
on the Statement of Cash Flows When an Employer Withholds Shares for Tax Withholding Purposes    Cash paid by an employer
when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity.    

For public business entities,
the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods with early adoption permitted in any interim or annual period. These amendments are not expected to have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

On March 18, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-08,  Principal Versus Agent Considerations Reporting Revenue Gross Versus Net , to address how an entity should
assess whether it is the principal or the agent in contracts that include three or more parties. The ASU clarifies that an entity
should evaluate whether it is the principal or the agent for each specified good or service (i.e., each good or service or bundle
of distinct goods or services that is distinct) promised in a contract with a customer. Specifically, the amendments require an
entity to (1) identify the specified goods or services (or bundles of goods or services), including rights to goods or services
from a third party, and (2) determine whether it controls each specified good or service before each good or service (or right
to a third-party good or service) is transferred to the customer. In addition to clarifying the guidance on principal-versus-agent
considerations, the ASU amends certain illustrative examples in the revenue standard (and adds new ones) to clarify how an entity
would assess whether it is the principal or the agent in a revenue transaction. The amendments affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which is not yet effective. The new guidance is effective for the Company s
2018 interim and annual statements. These amendments are not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

29   

On March 15, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-07,  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting , to eliminate the requirement to retrospectively
apply the equity method to an investment that subsequently qualifies for such accounting as a result of an increase in the level
of ownership interest or degree of influence. As a result, when an investment qualifies for the equity method (as a result of an
increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence), the equity method investor will add the cost of acquiring
the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity
method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendments further require
unrealized holding gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income related to an available-for-sale security that becomes
eligible for the equity method to be recognized in earnings as of the date on which the investment qualifies for the equity method.
The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. No additional
disclosures are required at transition. These amendments are not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

On February 25, 2016, the FASB
issued the lease accounting standard, ASU 2016-02,  Leases . Under current U.S. GAAP, companies are required to record lease-related
assets and obligations on their balance sheet only if the lease meets the definition of a capital lease. The new standard requires
a lease to be classified as a finance lease when (1) payments represent substantially all of the fair value of the asset, (2) the
lease term is for a major portion of the asset s economic life, (3) purchase of the asset is considered a bargain, (4) title
transfer is automatic at the end of the lease, or (5) the underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that it is expected
to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. Under the new standard, a lessee will account for a finance
lease by recognizing amortization of the  right-of-use  (ROU) asset separately from interest on the lease liability.
For operating leases, costs will be presented as lease expense and recognized on a straight-line basis in the income statement
over the lease term. Importantly, however, the lessee will recognize an asset and a lease liability for both finance leases and
operating leases. The only exception to this presentation will be for short-term leases with a term of one year or less, which
would not be recognized on a lessee s balance sheet. For public companies, the new standard will be effective for fiscal
years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018; for private companies, the standard will
be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all companies and organizations.
The Company currently has several long term leases and will be evaluating the impact of these amendments on its consolidated financial
statements. 

On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as part of its project on financial instruments. The new standard
introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies
the impairment model for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased
financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The following are some of the key points of the ASU: 

For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity
debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking, lifetime  expected
loss  model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses.    

For available-for-sale debt securities
with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will
be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities.    

30   

Entities will have to disclose significantly
more information, including information they use to track credit quality by year of origination for most financing receivables.    

For public business entities
that are Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers, the new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019 (for a calendar-year entity, it would be effective January 1, 2020). Early
adoption will be permitted for all organizations for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2018. The Company will be evaluating the impact of these amendments on its consolidated financial statements. 

On August 26, 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , to clarify how certain cash receipts and
cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 230,
 Statement of Cash Flows . This ASU addresses eight cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity
in practice. The amendments provide guidance on the following cash flow issues: 

Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs.    

The cash payment attributable to accreted
interest on zero-coupon bonds.    

Cash payments for the settlement of a
contingent consideration liability made by a business after it buys another business.    

The proceeds from the settlement of insurance
claims and related payments for premiums.    

Distributions received from equity method
investees.    

Beneficial interests in securitization
transactions.    

Cash receipts and payments that have characteristics
of more than one type of activity.     

The amendments are effective
for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity
early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that
includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company
will be evaluating the impact of these amendments on its financial statements. 

Other accounting standards that
have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note P   Commitments 

In the normal course of business there
are outstanding commitments for the extension of credit which are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, pre-approved but unused lines of credit for loans totaled approximately $194,143,000 and $190,789,000,
respectively. In addition, we had $1,591,000 and $1,224,000 in standby letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. These commitments represent no more than the normal lending risk that we commit to borrowers. If these commitments
are drawn, we will obtain collateral if it is deemed necessary based on our credit evaluation of the counter-party. We believe
these commitments can be funded through normal operations. 

The Company leases land for its main office,
three loan production offices, and one branch facility under operating leases. Total future minimum lease payments, excluding renewal
options, at September 30, 2016 under the leases are as follows: 

31   

32   

ITEM
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The
following discussion is intended to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Because we have
no material operations and conduct no business on our own other than owning our subsidiaries, Carolina Bank and Carolina Capital
Trust, and because Carolina Capital Trust has no operations other than the issuance of its trust preferred securities, the discussion
contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis concerns primarily the business of Carolina Bank. Carolina Bank also
owns two limited liability companies for the purpose of holding foreclosed real estate, the assets and operations of which are
consolidated into Carolina Bank and included herein. For ease of reading and because the financial statements are presented on
a consolidated basis, Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. and Carolina Bank are collectively referred to herein as  we ,
 our , or  us , unless otherwise noted.    

Forward-looking
Statements   

This
report contains forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition and results of operations and business. These
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information available
at the time these statements and disclosures were prepared. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
expected include the following:  

General
                                         economic conditions may deteriorate and negatively impact the ability of our borrowers
                                         to repay loans and our depositors to maintain balances.    

Changes
                                         in interest rates could reduce our net interest income.    

Competition
                                         among financial institutions is intense and may increase.    

Legislative
                                         or regulatory changes, including changes in accounting standards, may adversely affect
                                         the businesses in which we are engaged.     

Regulatory
                                         requirements have become more complex and costly over the past few years, especially
                                         for community banks. We may be forced to exit certain types of products and services
                                         if regulatory costs exceed the benefits.     

New
                                         products developed and new methods of delivering products could result in a reduction
                                         in our business and income.    

Increases
                                         in interest rates, increases in warranty losses, or changes in the securitization of
                                         mortgages could negatively impact our mortgage banking income.    

Adverse
                                         changes may occur in the securities market.    

Technology
                                         fraud and losses from cyberattacks are a major threat to banks of all sizes, bank service
                                         providers and to bank customers. We could experience challenges in meeting future cyber
                                         threats if they become more complex or more frequent.     

Local,
                                         state or federal taxing authorities may take tax positions that are adverse to us.    

Unpredictable
                                         natural and other disasters could have an adverse effect on our operations or on the
                                         willingness of our customers to access our financial services.     

The
                                         pending merger with First Bancorp could have a negative impact on our business, financial
                                         results, and operations. Legal claims may result from stockholders or other groups. Competition
                                         may intensify and business may be lost as our competitors seek opportunities to increase
                                         their market share. Our staff may become distracted from our strategy and from day-to-day
                                         operations. Attracting, recruiting, retaining and motivating employees may be impaired
                                         due to uncertainty about future roles following completion of the merger. The transaction
                                         is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016 or first quarter of 2017, subject
                                         to stockholder and regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. There
                                         is no assurance that our merger with First Bancorp will occur or that the conditions
                                         to the merger will be satisfied. If the proposed merger is not consummated, the price
                                         of our common stock could drop significantly.     

33   

Merger
with First Bancorp   

On
June 21, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ) with First
Bancorp, under which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Holding Company will
merge with and into First Bancorp, with First Bancorp as the surviving corporation in the merger. In connection with the merger,
the Bank will merge with and into First Bancorp s wholly owned bank subsidiary, with First Bancorp s bank subsidiary
surviving the bank merger. Under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Holding Company stockholders
will have the right to receive 1.002 shares of First Bancorp common stock or $20 in cash, or a combination thereof, for each share
of Holding Company stock. The total merger consideration will be prorated as necessary to ensure that 25% of the total outstanding
shares of the Holding Company common stock will be exchanged for cash and 75% of the total outstanding shares of the Holding Company
common stock will be exchanged for shares of First Bancorp common stock. The merger is subject to, among other things, regulatory
and Holding Company stockholder approval and other customary closing conditions and is currently expected to close in the fourth
quarter of 2016 or first quarter of 2017.  

Comparison
of Financial Condition    

Assets.
 Our total assets increased by $8.1 million, or 1.15%, from $700.8 million at December 31, 2015, to $708.9 million at September
30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits with banks, bank
term deposits and investment securities decreased $31.6 million, loans held-for-sale increased $3.0 million, and loans held for
investment increased $37.4 million. Our mortgage banking division originates and sells residential mortgage loans through other
banks, brokers, our retail offices and three loan production offices. Originations of residential mortgage loans for the first
nine months of 2016 were approximately $378.1 million compared to $544.6 million in the first nine months of 2015. Mortgage originations
in 2016 were negatively impacted by less refinancing activity and additional regulation which slowed processing.  

Liabilities .
Total deposits decreased by $5.8 million, or 0.96%, from $607.3 million at December 31, 2015, to $601.5 million at September 30,
2016. Our non-interest bearing deposits, which are a major strategic focus, grew $17.9 million, or 14.3%, during the first nine
months of 2016 to $143.1 million at September 30, 2016. Our branching activities are designed to enhance customer convenience
and related deposit gathering activities as well as provide new sources for loans. While deposit growth has been an ongoing goal,
wholesale sources of funding such as Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances, repurchase borrowings, and brokered
deposits may be utilized where cost beneficial or when necessary to meet liquidity or interest rate risk objectives. FHLB advances
increased $9.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 as a long-term fixed rate borrowing was obtained to balance the duration
of a large fixed rate loan that funded in late 2015 and early 2016. We had approximately $19.2 million in out-of-market time deposits
from other institutions and $11.7 million in brokered time deposits at September 30, 2016, an aggregate decrease of $18.2 million
in these two types of accounts from December 31, 2015. Liquidity levels were elevated in the first nine months of 2016 so time
deposits were not aggressively pursued during the period.  

Stockholders 
Equity . Total stockholders  equity increased $4.4 million at September 30, 2016 to $65.6 million, from $61.1 million
at December 31, 2015, due primarily to retained net income of $3.9 million. An increase in other comprehensive income and the
exercise of stock options contributed another $0.5 million to stockholders  equity.  

34   

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

General .
Net income was $1,564,000 or $0.31 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1,436,000 or $0.29 per diluted
share in the third quarter of 2015. Net income increased in 2016 due to an increase in net income from our commercial/retail bank
segment which realized net income of $1,670,000 and $940,000 in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our mortgage
banking division experienced a decline in net income to $56,000 in the third quarter of 2016 from $563,000 in the third quarter
of 2015 due to a decline in loan originations and increased costs related to new regulations and related processing costs. Our
Holding Company recorded a loss of $162,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to a loss of $67,000 in the third quarter of
2015 due primarily to merger expenses. Our primary markets in the Triad of North Carolina experienced deteriorating economic conditions
in 2009 through 2011 which negatively impacted our borrowers as evidenced by increasing defaults and loan charge-offs. Economic
conditions have gradually improved since 2011 in our primary markets as evidenced by increasing retail sales, lower bankruptcies,
and decreasing loan charge-offs.  

Net
interest income.   Net interest income, adjusted to a fully taxable basis, was $6,059,000 and $5,976,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in net interest income, adjusted to a fully taxable basis, resulted
from growth in loans and a decrease in interest bearing deposits and taxable investments. Loans have a higher yield than interest
bearing deposits. Average interest-earning assets increased $35.9 million, or 5.7%, in the third quarter of 2016 from the third
quarter of 2015. Net interest income also benefited from lower non interest-earning assets and higher non-interest-bearing liabilities
resulting from attainment of strategic goals of decreasing non-performing assets and increasing non-interest bearing demand deposits.
The net yield on interest earning assets, adjusted to a fully taxable basis, was 3.60% in the third quarter of 2016 and 3.74%
in the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in the net yield on interest earning assets resulted primarily from declining loan
yields and a slight increase in the cost of other borrowings. Our strategic plan and internal focus calls for growth in loans
held for investment in 2016 to stabilize net interest income. The table below provides a detailed analysis of the effective yields
and rates on categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the periods indicated.  

35   

Net
Interest Income and Average Balance Analysis   

(1.)    Average
balances are computed on a daily basis.  

(2.)    Interest
income and yields related to certain investment securities and loans exempt from federal income tax are stated on a fully taxable
basis using a 34% federal tax rate, reduced by the nondeductible portion of interest expense.  

(3.)    Nonaccrual
loans are included in the average loan balance.  

36   

Provision
for loan losses.  There was no provision for loan losses in the third quarter of 2016 compared to a provision of $450,000 for
the third quarter of 2015. The amount of the provision for loan losses decreased in 2016 because positive loan loss trends resulted
in a decline in the allowance for loan losses on impaired loans. The allowance for loan losses was $1,200,000 on impaired loans
of $15,290,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to an allowance of $3,283,000 on impaired loans of $19,918,000 at September 30,
2015. The allowance for loan losses on non-impaired loans increased in 2016 due to growth in non-impaired loans but the allowance
as a percent of loans declined due to positive historical loss trends. We believe the allowance for loan losses is appropriate
based on asset quality indicators and other factors.  

Non-interest
income.  Total non-interest income amounted to $3,182,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3,641,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Mortgage banking income decreased $687,000, or 21.3%, due to a decrease of approximately
23% in residential mortgage loan originations and related sales. Mortgage banking income consists of loan origination fees, gains
from sales of loans and related servicing assets and from the increase (decrease) in the value of interest rate lock commitments.
We began originating and selling Small Business Administration ( SBA ) loans in 2015 and gains from the sale of SBA
loans increased to $261,000 in the third quarter of 2016 from $67,000 in the third quarter of 2015.  

Non-interest
expense.  Total non-interest expense amounted to $6,923,000 and $7,015,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Merger expenses of $154,000 in the third quarter of 2016 consisted primarily of legal expenses and data processing
charges related to the proposed merger with First Bancorp. Other non-interest expense declined 37.9% in the third quarter of 2016
to $279,000 due to lower foreclosed property expense and due to cost cutting efforts.  

Income
taxes.  Income tax expense as a percentage of net income before income taxes was 27.6% in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to 30.5% in the third quarter of 2015. The effective income tax rate decreased in 2016 because of higher non-taxable interest
income from increased tax-exempt loans.  

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

General .
Net income was $3,908,000 and $4,731,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net income available
to common stockholders was $3,908,000, or $0.78 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4,390,000,
or $0.98 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Lower net income in 2016 resulted primarily from decreased
mortgage banking income and the addition of merger expenses which were partially offset by a lower provision for loan losses,
higher gains on sale of SBA loans, and lower salaries and benefits.  

Net
interest income.  Net interest income, adjusted to a fully taxable basis, of $18,112,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased $271,000, or 1.5%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to a $21.5 million increase in average
interest-earning assets while average interest-bearing liabilities declined $12.9 million. Growth in average non-interest-bearing
demand deposits of $23.1 million and higher stockholders  equity provided the funding for the increase in interest-earning
assets. Interest income in 2016 also benefited from the recovery of loan interest when several non-performing loans paid off.
The net yield on interest earning assets, adjusted to a fully taxable basis, was 3.65% in 2016 and 3.72% in 2015.  

The
table below provides a detailed analysis of the effective yields and rates on categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities for the periods indicated.  

37   

Net
Interest Income and Average Balance Analysis   

(1.)    Average
balances are computed on a daily basis.  

(2.)    Interest
income and yields related to certain investment securities and loans exempt from federal income tax are stated on a fully taxable
basis using a 34% federal tax rate, reduced by the nondeductible portion of interest expense.  

(3.)    Nonaccrual
loans are included in the average loan balance.  

38   

Provision
for loan losses.  There was no provision for loan losses in the first nine months of 2016 compared to a provision of $1,285,000
for the first nine months of 2015. The amount of the provision for loan losses decreased in 2016 because positive loan loss trends
resulted in a decline in the allowance for loan losses. Loan charge-offs in excess of loan recoveries were $108,000 in the first
nine months of 2016 compared to $1,733,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015. We believe the allowance for loan losses is appropriate
based on asset quality indicators and other factors.  

Non-interest
income.  Total non-interest income decreased to $8,740,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $11,052,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in 2016 resulted primarily from a decline in mortgage banking income of
$2,733,000, or 27.8%, to $7,115,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Loan originations in our mortgage banking division
were $378.1 million in the first nine months of 2016, a 31% decline from the first nine months of 2015. Gain on sale of SBA loans
was $498,000 and $120,000 in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Origination of SBA loans is a new service which
we expect to continue to positively impact non-interest income.  

Non-interest
expense.  Total non-interest expense amounted to $21,007,000 and $20,658,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Salaries and employee benefits decreased $217,000, or 1.6%, primarily from a decrease in incentive compensation
in our mortgage banking division due to decreased originations as well as unfilled vacant positions in the mortgage banking division.
Occupancy and equipment declined $148,000 to $2,170,000 in the first nine months of 2016 due to savings realized from closing
a branch office in July 2015. Advertising and promotion increased $156,000, or 27.0%, in 2016 due to advertising initiatives by
a new advertising agency. Merger expenses of $739,000 in the second half of 2016 consisted primarily of a fairness opinion, investment
banking fees, legal expenses, and director fees for additional strategic planning meetings related to the proposed merger with
First Bancorp.  

Income
taxes.  Income tax expense was $1,525,000, or 28.1%, of income before income taxes, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $1,942,000, or 29.1%, of income before income taxes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effective
income tax rate decreased in 2016 because of higher non-taxable interest income from increased tax-exempt loans.  

Asset
Quality   

Non-performing
assets, composed of other real estate owned and non-accrual loans, totaled $8,306,000 at September 30, 2016, compared to $7,702,000
at December 31, 2015. Non-performing assets, as a percentage of total assets, was 1.17% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.10%
at December 31, 2015. There were no loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 or December
31, 2015, respectively. Other real estate owned was $3,914,000 at September 30, 2016 and $4,592,000 at December 31, 2015. Non-performing
assets have declined substantially from 2010 and 2011 due to success in disposing of problem loans and assets, from reduction
in new additions to non-performing assets, and from an improved economy. While impaired loans have declined steadily from a few
years ago, they increased to $15,290,000 at September 30, 2016 from $14,394,000 at December 31, 2015 due to the addition of two
loans on an apartment complex of $1,900,000, after a charge-off of $588,000, to impaired status.  

Loans
are graded according to an internal loan rating classification system, and  classified loans  represent adversely
classified loans with identified weaknesses and potential or identified losses of principal and/or interest due. Classified loans
increased to $6,127,000 at September 30, 2016 from $5,931,000 at December 31, 2015 but are down from $13,529,000 at December 31,
2014. The increase in the first nine months of 2016 is due to the inclusion of the previously mentioned loans on an apartment
complex to classified assets, which were partially offset by several classified loans that paid off during the period. Continuing
efforts to improve asset quality are a top priority. Loan rating classification information is detailed in Note L to the consolidated
financial statements as of September 30, 2016.  

39   

The
economic conditions in our primary markets in North Carolina have improved as evidenced by a drop in the unemployment rate. The
seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in North Carolina decreased to 4.7% in September 2016 from 5.8% in September 2015. North
Carolina s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate of 4.7% is the same as the rate for the United States. A large portion
of our loans are made to businesses and real estate developers and are secured by real estate. Real estate prices have improved
in our markets but are still lower than in 2008 in many areas.  

Our
allowance for loan losses is composed of two parts, a specific portion related to non-performing loans and performing impaired
loans and a general section related to non-impaired loans. The specific portion of our allowance for loan losses, which relates
to impaired loans, increased to $1,200,000 at September 30, 2016 from $833,000 at December 31, 2015, and impaired loans increased
to $15,290,000 at September 30, 2016 from $14,394,000 at December 31, 2015. The specific portion of our allowance relating to
impaired loans increased in 2016 primarily because two loans secured by an apartment complex required an allowance for loan losses
of $345,000 based on updated collateral assessments. The general portion of our allowance for loan losses decreased to $4,564,000
on non-impaired loans of $487,936,000 at September 30, 2016 from $5,039,000 on non-impaired loans of $451,410,000 at December
31, 2015. The general portion of our allowance applies to non-impaired loans and was determined by applying estimated loss ratios
inherent in the loan portfolio, ranging from 0.21% on 1-4 family residential construction to 2.05% on commercial and industrial
loans, to categories of non-impaired loans at each period end. We changed our methodology in 2015 of estimating annual loss ratios
inherent in the loan portfolio by averaging loan charge-offs, net of recoveries, for the past five years from four years utilized
in 2014. The change to five years in 2015 from four years produced a higher allowance and higher provision of approximately $571,000
in 2015. A similar change from three years in 2013 to four years in 2014 produced a higher allowance and provision in 2014 by
approximately $825,000. We believe that using five years to calculate the estimated loss ratios more accurately reflects expected
losses over time.  

The
qualitative component of the general section of our allowance for loan losses, including a small unallocated allowance, was $1,434,000
and $1,185,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

The
allowance for loan losses is increased by direct charges to operating expense, the provision for loan losses. Losses on loans
or charge-offs are deducted from the allowance in the period that loans are deemed to become uncollectible or in the period that
updated appraisals indicate a loss in value of non-performing, collateral dependent, real estate loans. Recoveries of previously
charged-off loans are added back to the allowance. Net loan charge-offs minus recoveries were $108,000 and $238,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Liquidity,
Capital, and Regulatory Resources   

The
objective of our liquidity management is to ensure the availability of sufficient cash flows to meet all financial commitments
and to capitalize on opportunities for expansion. Liquidity management addresses our ability to meet deposit withdrawals on demand
or at contractual maturity, to repay borrowings as they mature, and to fund new loans and investments as opportunities arise.  

Our
primary sources of internally generated funds are principal and interest payments on loans receivable, non-interest income and
proceeds from loan sales related to residential mortgage banking, and cash flows generated from operations. External sources of
funds include increases in deposits, repurchase agreements, lines of credit from banks, including the Federal Reserve, and advances
from the FHLB.  

Carolina
Bank is required under applicable federal regulations to maintain specified levels of liquid investments in qualifying types of
investments. Cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in banks, bank term deposits, investment securities available-for-sale,
and loans held for sale by our mortgage banking division are the primary liquid assets of Carolina Bank. We regularly monitor
Carolina Bank s liquidity position to ensure its liquidity is sufficient to meet its anticipated needs. During the first
nine months of 2016, our levels of short-term liquidity decreased due to an increase in loans. Short-term liquidity in the form
of cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits in banks decreased to $52.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $75.8
million at December 31, 2015. We maintained substantial secondary sources of liquidity during 2015 and 2016 in the form of unused
secured lines of credit from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve which in total approximated $138 million at September 30, 2016.
We also have $25 million in discretionary, uncommitted, unsecured Federal funds lines from three correspondent banks.  

40   

We
are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by bank regulatory agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital
requirements can initiate mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on our financial condition. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance
sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our capital amounts and classifications are subject to qualitative
judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings, and other factors. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
our levels of capital exceeded all applicable published regulatory requirements. During 2013, Basel III capital requirements were
adopted by United States banking regulators. Under Basel III regulations, a capital conservation buffer, ranging from 0.625% in
2016 to 2.50% in 2019, must be added to current minimum risk-based capital ratios to arrive at higher capital requirements. A
common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was also established by the new regulations and ranges from 4.5% in 2015 to 7.0%
in 2019 when the full 2.5% conservation buffer is effective. The regulations change risk weights for certain on and off balance
sheet assets and require deductions from capital for certain types of assets. Capital ratios for Carolina Bank were as follows
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively: Tier 1 leverage   10.10%, 9.71%; Tier 1 risk-based   12.35%,
12.09%; Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based   12.35%, 12.09%; Total risk-based   13.98%, 13.81%. The consolidated ratios
are estimated as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively: Tier 1 leverage   10.46%, 10.16%; Tier
1 risk-based   12.80%, 12.66%; Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based   11.09%, 10.86%; Total risk-based   14.43%,
14.39%. The increase in capital ratios from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 resulted primarily from retained income. The
Board of Directors approved the retirement of $9,300,000 of Carolina Bank s unsecured junior subordinated notes, subject
to regulatory approval, and subject to advance notice to note holders. Only 20% of the notes currently qualify as Tier 2 Capital
as of October 1, 2016. The retirement is expected to reduce Total risk-based capital by less than 0.40% by December 31, 2016.  

Due
to our historical growth, the difficult economic environment at the time, increased regulatory capital requirements, and our anticipation
of continued growth, we issued $16 million in Series A preferred stock to the United States Treasury under the Capital Purchase
Program in January 2009 to increase our capital which could further support future growth and assist us in meeting future regulatory
capital requirements. The United States Treasury sold our preferred stock to private investors in 2013, and we subsequently repurchased
$5.0 million of the preferred stock from private investors. We also repurchased a warrant for common stock granted to the United
States Treasury as part of the Capital Purchase Program for $1.8 million in 2013. The remaining preferred stock which was issued
in 2009 was repurchased in May of 2015 from the proceeds of a Series B convertible preferred stock offering on March 31, 2015.  

On
March 31, 2015, the Company issued 15,500 shares of convertible preferred stock, Series B, at $975 per share in a private placement
offering and received $14.1 million in net proceeds. The net proceeds from the offering were used to retire the remaining Series
A preferred stock of $11.0 million in May 2015 and to improve capital levels. The convertible preferred stock, Series B, was converted
into 1,550,000 shares of common stock in May 2015.  

Regulatory
requirements have become more complex and costly over the past few years, especially for community banks. In 2016, we received
a  needs to improve  rating on our Community Reinvestment Act ( CRA ) evaluation conducted in 2014 by
our federal bank regulatory agency. While the latest CRA evaluation reflected satisfactory performance in lending, qualified investments
and community development within our assessment area, the overall rating was downgraded to  needs to improve  due
to perceived mortgage loan pricing disparities on loans originated by our wholesale mortgage division in markets outside our assessment
area. A  needs to improve  CRA rating can prohibit a bank from opening new branches, acquiring assets or assuming
liabilities of a federally insured depository institution, or acquiring other banks. We have been challenged to find the human
and system resources to implement the many new regulatory requirements that pertain to banks which are among the reasons for our
proposed merger with First Bancorp.  

41   

Interest
Rate Sensitivity   

Interest
rate sensitivity management is concerned with the timing and magnitude of repricing assets compared to liabilities and is a part
of asset/liability management. It is the objective of interest rate sensitivity management to generate stable growth in net interest
income, and to control the risks associated with interest rate movements. We measure interest rate risk by using simulation analysis.
Our simulation analysis indicates, in the absence of growth or changes in interest rates or changes in the mix of assets and liabilities,
our net interest income will decrease approximately 1.4% for the year ended September 30, 2017 from the year ended December 31,
2015; however, our simulation analysis also indicates that net interest income will increase from the aforementioned year ended
September 30, 2017 simulation if short-term interest rates rise. Our simulation analysis indicates that our net interest income
will increase 3.5%, 7.7%, 11.8% and 15.3% in one year above the aforementioned September 30, 2017 simulation, if interest rates
immediately rise 1%, 2%, 3%, and 4%, respectively. The increase in net interest income in one year in the above simulation is
1.0%, 2.6%, 4.3% and 6.2% if interest rates rise gradually 1%, 2%, 3%, and 4%, respectively. Our strategic plan projects growth
in loans held for investment and in non-interest bearing deposits in order to grow net interest income in 2016 and beyond.  

There
are a number of assumptions listed below that impact our simulation modeling. These assumptions may change due to external or
internal forces:  

Our
                                         Carolina Bank prime interest rate is 4.50% compared to the  Wall Street Journal  prime
                                         interest rate which is 3.50%. We do not expect the Carolina Bank prime interest rate
                                         to rise until the  Wall Street Journal  prime interest rate rises above 4.50% after
                                         the two indexes reach parity at 4.50%. Approximately 15% of our loans held for investment,
                                         or $73.9 million at September 30, 2016, adjust with the Carolina Bank prime interest
                                         rate.    

Floors
                                         have been obtained on a number of our variable rate loans which improves our loan yields
                                         in a low interest rate environment.    

Most
                                         of our home equity lines of credit are variable rate and adjust with the  Wall Street
                                         Journal  Prime rate. These borrowers may choose to switch to fixed rate loans when
                                         short term interest rates rise.    

Our
                                         money market and premium savings account rates, whose balances account for approximately
                                         45% of our deposits, only rise 0.60% with the first 1% increase in the Federal funds
                                         rate, then rise 0.65% with the second 1% increase in the Federal funds rate, then rise
                                         0.70% with the third 1% increase in the Federal funds rate, and increase 0.75% for the
                                         fourth increase in the Federal funds rate.    

Early
                                         pre-payment of loans, both variable and fixed, have been substantial in 2015 and 2016.
                                         Although historical data is used to simulate future pre-payments, simulation modeling
                                         assumes replacement of like new loans with those paid off which may not occur.  

Although
net interest income is projected to increase as rates rise, net income is projected to fall when interest rates rise gradually
due to the negative impact that higher rates have on mortgage loan originations and related mortgage banking income. The provision
for loan losses is also projected to increase as interest rates rise due to added stress on borrowers from higher loan payments.  

Inflation   

Since
our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature, our performance is more affected by changes in interest rates than
by inflation. Interest rates generally increase as the rate of inflation increases, but the magnitude of the change in rates may
not necessarily be the same.  

While
the effect of inflation on a financial institution is normally not as significant as is its influence on those businesses which
have large investments in plant and inventories, it does have an effect. During periods of high inflation, there are normally
corresponding increases in the money supply, and financial institutions will normally experience above average growth in assets,
loans and deposits. Also, general increases in the prices of goods and services will result in increased operating expenses.  

42   

ITEM
4. Controls and Procedures  

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2016. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file
or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time period specified in the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission Rules and Forms. There were
no significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent
to the date of the most recent evaluation of these controls by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  

Management
of the Company has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, changes
in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the third quarter of 2016. In connection with such evaluation, the Company has determined that there have been no
changes in internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

43   

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

There
are various claims and lawsuits in which the Company and the Bank are periodically involved incidental to their business. In the
opinion of management, no material loss is expected from any of such pending claims or lawsuits.  

Item
6. Exhibits   

Exhibit
    No.   
           
       Description
    of Exhibit    

2.1  
         
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated June 21, 2016, by and between First Bancorp and Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016).   
 
      31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      31.2  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      32.1  
         
      Certifications
    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      101  
         
      Interactive
    data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
    ended September 30, 2016, in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).    

44   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.    

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
          /s/
                                         Robert T. Braswell    

Robert
    T. Braswell   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
         /s/
    T. Allen Liles   

T.
    Allen Liles   

Chief
    Financial and Principal Accounting Officer   

45   

Exhibit
Index   

Exhibit
    No.   
           
       Description
    of Exhibit    

2.1  
         
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated June 21, 2016, by and between First Bancorp and Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.
    (incorporated by references to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016).   
 
      31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      31.2

Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      32.1  
         
      Certifications
    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.   
 
      101  
         
      Interactive
    data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
    ended September 30, 2016, in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).    

46   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452006_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1    

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

I, Robert
T. Braswell, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. (the
                                         registrant);    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
                                         and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
          /s/
        Robert T. Braswell     

Robert
    T. Braswell   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452006_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2    

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

I, T.
Allen Liles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. (the
                                         registrant);    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
                                         and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
          /s/
        T. Allen Liles    

T.
    Allen Liles   

Chief
    Financial and Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452006_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

The undersigned
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1.)    the
                                         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. (the  Company )
                                         for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 ( the Report ) fully complies
                                         with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
                                         and    

(2.)    the
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
          /s/
Robert T. Braswell     

Robert
    T. Braswell   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
         /s/
    T. Allen Liles   

T.
    Allen Liles   

Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 clbh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 clbh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 clbh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 clbh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 clbh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 clbh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

