<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_801337_0000801337-16-000252_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20477892</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212697</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>888575</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7677266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8982958</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2316147</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>105</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000801337-16-000252.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107172519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000801337-16-000252
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000801337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				061187536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31486
		FILM NUMBER:		161979275

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FRED SMITH
		STREET 2:		132 GRAND STREET
		CITY:			WATERBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-578-2202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FRED SMITH
		STREET 2:		132 GRAND STREET
		CITY:			WATERBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000801337-16-000252.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 wbs-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  _______________________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q  
  _______________________________________________________________________________ 
      Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016    
  Commission File Number: 001-31486 
  _______________________________________________________________________________ 
    
  WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
     _______________________________________________________________________________ 
                   Delaware 
      
    06-1187536 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

145 Bank Street, Waterbury, Connecticut 06702 
  (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) 
    
  (203) 578-2202 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
  ______________________________________________________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                                   Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
    o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).      o    Yes           No 
  The number of shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, outstanding as of   October 31, 2016   was   91,726,376  . 

INDEX 

Page No. 

Key to Acronyms 
    ii 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
     1 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     41 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     71 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
     71 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
     72 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
     72 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     72 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     73 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
     73 

Item 5. 
     Other Information  
     73 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
     73 

SIGNATURES  
     74 

EXHIBIT INDEX  
     75 

i 

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  KEY TO ACRONYMS 
                 Agency CMBS 
    Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
      Agency CMO 
    Agency collateralized mortgage obligations 
      Agency MBS 
    Agency mortgage-backed securities 
      ALCO 
    Asset/Liability Committee 
      ALLL 
    Allowance for loan and lease losses 
      AOCL 
    Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      Basel III 
    Capital rules under a global regulatory framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
      CCRP 
    Composite Credit Risk Profile 
      CDI 
    Core deposit intangible assets 
      CET1 capital 
    Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, defined by Basel III capital rules 
      CLO 
    Collateralized loan obligations 
      CMBS 
    Non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FDIC 
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      FHLB 
    Federal Home Loan Bank 
      FICO 
    Fair Isaac Corporation 
      FINRA 
    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
      FRB 
    Federal Reserve Bank 
      FTP 
    Funds Transfer Pricing, a matched maturity funding concept 
      GAAP 
    U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
      Holding Company 
    Webster Financial Corporation 
      HSA Bank 
    A division of Webster Bank, National Association 
      ISDA 
    International Swaps Derivative Association 
      LBP 
    Look back period 
      LEP 
    Loss emergence period 
      LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      LPL 
    LPL Financial Holdings Inc. 
      NII 
    Net interest income 
      OCC 
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      OCI/OCL 
    Other comprehensive income (loss) 
      OREO 
    Other real estate owned 
      OTTI 
    Other-than-temporary impairment 
      PPNR 
    Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue 
      RPA 
    Risk participation agreement 
      SEC 
    United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SIPC 
    Securities Investor Protection Corporation 
      TDR 
    Troubled debt restructuring, defined in ASC 310-40 "Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors" 
      VIE 
    Variable interest entity, defined in ASC 810-10 "Consolidation-Overall" 
      Webster Bank 
    Webster Bank, National Association, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Webster Financial Corporation 
      Webster or the Company 
    Webster Financial Corporation, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries 

ii 

Table of Contents  

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

  See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    1 

Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    4 

Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    5 

     Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited), continued 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    6 

Table of Contents  

Note 1:   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
  Nature of Operations  
  Webster Financial Corporation is a bank holding company and financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1986 and headquartered in Waterbury, Connecticut. At   September 30, 2016  , Webster Financial Corporation's principal asset is all of the outstanding capital stock of Webster Bank. 
  Webster, through Webster Bank and various non-banking financial services subsidiaries, delivers financial services to individuals, families, and businesses primarily from New York to Massachusetts. Webster provides business and consumer banking, mortgage lending, financial planning, trust, and investment services through banking offices, ATMs, telephone banking, mobile banking, and its internet website (  www.websterbank.com   or   www.wbst.com  ). Webster also offers equipment financing, commercial real estate lending, and asset-based lending primarily across the Northeast. HSA Bank, offers and administers health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, health reimbursement accounts, and commuter benefits on a nationwide basis. 
  Basis of Presentation    
  The accounting and reporting policies of the Company that materially affect its financial statements conform with GAAP. The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in conformity with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, and notes thereto, for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as income and expense during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Operating results for the interim periods disclosed herein are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year or any future period. 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. These reclassifications had an immaterial effect on total assets, total liabilities, net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used for investing activities, and net cash provided by financing activities.  
  Correction of Immaterial Error Related to Prior Periods 
  The Company identified an immaterial error relating to the accounting for cash collateral associated with derivative instruments, as previously reported in the Company's March 31, 2016 Form 10-Q quarterly report, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016. The impact of this previously reported error to the net cash provided by operating activities within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows was a   $29.5 million   decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  The Company identified an immaterial error relating to the reporting of certain fee accruals and certain expenses within the Company's HSA Bank segment, as previously reported in the Company's June 30, 2016 Form 10-Q quarterly report, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016. The impact of this previously reported error to net income within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income was a   $0.8 million   decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Significant Accounting Policy Updates 
  Loans Held For Sale.   Effective January 1, 2016, on a loan by loan election, residential mortgage loans that are classified as held for sale are accounted for under either the fair value option method of accounting or the lower of cost or fair value method of accounting with the election being made at the time the asset is first recognized. The Company has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches between held for sale derivative commitments and loan valuations. Prior to January 1, 2016,     residential mortgage loans that were classified as held for sale were accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value method of accounting and were valued on an individual asset basis. Loans not originated for sale but subsequently transferred to held for sale continue to be valued at the lower of cost or fair value method of accounting and are valued on an individual asset basis. 
  Accounting Standards Adopted during 2016 
  Effective January 1, 2016, the following new accounting guidance was adopted by the Company: 
               
    ASU No. 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Disclosures for investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent) (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force); and 
                
    ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement - Period Adjustments. 
     
    7 

     Table of Contents  

The adoption of these accounting standards did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements; however, additional disclosures of VIEs are included in   Note 3:   Variable Interest Entities  . The Company did not identify any additional investments requiring consolidation as a result of ASU No. 2015-02. 
  Accounting Standards Issued but not yet Adopted 
  The following table identifies ASUs applicable to the Company that have been issued by the FASB but are not yet effective:                   ASU 
    Description 
    Effective Date and Financial Statement Impact 
      ASU No. 2016-16 - Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 
    The update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The Update addresses the following eight issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. 
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2019. Adoption is not anticipated to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 
      ASU No. 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. 
    Current GAAP requires an "incurred loss" methodology for recognizing credit losses that delays recognition until it is probable a loss has been incurred. Both financial institutions and users of their financial statements expressed concern that current GAAP restricts the ability to record credit losses that are expected, but do not yet meet the "probable" threshold.  
  The main objective of this Update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. To achieve this objective, the amendments in this Update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to determine credit loss estimates.  
    The Change from an "incurred loss" method to an "expected loss" method represents a fundamental shift from existing GAAP, and may result in material changes to the Company's accounting for credit losses on financial instruments. The Company is evaluating the effect that this ASU will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. The ASU will be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2020. 
      ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Improvements to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting. 
    The Update impacts the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. In addition, the amendments in this Update eliminates the guidance in Topic 718 that was indefinitely deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment. 
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2017 and is in the process of assessing the impact on its financial statements. 
      ASU No. 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) - Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments. 
    The Update clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The Update requires the assessment of embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence.  
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2017. Adoption is not anticipated to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 
      ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
    The Update introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet. The Update also aligns certain of the underlying principles of the new lessor model with those in ASC 606 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers", the FASB s new revenue recognition standard (e.g., evaluating how collectability should be considered and determining when profit can be recognized). 
  Furthermore, the Update addresses other concerns including the elimination of the required use of bright-line tests for determining lease classification. Lessors are required to provide additional transparency into the exposure to the changes in value of their residual assets and how they manage that exposure. 
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2019 and is in the process of assessing the impact on its financial statements. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

ASU 
    Description 
    Effective Date and Financial Statement Impact 
      ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. 
    
    Equity investments not accounted for under the equity method or those that do not result in consolidation of the investee are to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income. Entities are to present separately in other comprehensive income, the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when an election to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments has been made. Also, the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet has been eliminated. 
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2018 and is in the process of assessing the impact on its financial statements. 
      ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 

A single comprehensive model has been established for an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled, and will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance, and clarify and converge revenue recognition principles under GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The five steps to recognizing revenue: (i) identify the contracts with the customer; (ii) identify the separate performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations; and (v) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The most significant potential impact to banking entities relates to less prescriptive derecognition requirements on the sale of owned real estate properties. An entity may elect either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective application. ASU No. 2015-14 -   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   defers the effective date to annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  
    The Company intends to adopt the Update for the first quarter of 2018. Adoption is not anticipated to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Note 2:   Investment Securities 
  A summary of the amortized cost and fair value of investment securities is presented below:  

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
  The balance of OTTI, included in the amortized cost columns above, is related to certain CLO positions that were previously considered Covered Funds as defined by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule. The Company has taken certain legal measures intended to bring CLO into conformance with the Volcker rule.  
  To the extent that changes occur in interest rates, credit movements, and other factors that impact fair value and expected recovery of amortized cost of its investment securities, the Company may be required to recognize OTTI in earnings, in future periods. 
  The following table presents the changes in OTTI: 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value and Unrealized Losses 
  The following tables provide information on fair value and unrealized losses for the individual securities with an unrealized loss, aggregated by investment security type and length of time that the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Impairment Analysis 
  The following impairment analysis by investment security type, summarizes the basis for evaluating if investment securities within the Company s available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios have been impacted by OTTI. Unless otherwise noted for an investment security type, management does not intend to sell these investments and has determined, based upon available evidence, that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. As such, based on the following impairment analysis, the Company does not consider these securities, in unrealized loss positions, to exhibit OTTI at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Available-for-Sale Securities 
  Agency CMO.   There were unrealized losses of   $1.5 million   on the Company s investment in Agency CMO at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses decreased due to lower market rates which resulted in higher security prices at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . These investments are issued by a government agency or a government-sponsored agency and, therefore, are backed by certain government guarantees, either direct or indirect. The contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected, and there has been no change in the underlying credit quality. 
  Agency MBS.   There were unrealized losses of   $2.8 million   on the Company s investment in Agency MBS at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $17.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses   decreased   due to lower market rates which resulted in higher security prices at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . These investments are issued by a government agency or a government-sponsored agency and, therefore, are backed by certain government guarantees, either direct or indirect. The contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected, and there has been no change in the underlying credit quality. 
  Agency CMBS.   There were unrealized losses of   $106 thousand   on the Company's investment in commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses decreased due to lower market rates which resulted in higher security prices since   December 31, 2015  . 
  CMBS.   There were unrealized losses of   $1.6 million   on the Company s investment in CMBS at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The portfolio of mainly floating rate CMBS experienced decreased market spreads which resulted in higher market prices and smaller unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . Internal and external metrics are considered when evaluating potential OTTI. Internal stress tests are performed on individual bonds to monitor potential losses under stress scenarios. Contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected. 
  CLO.   There were unrealized losses of   $0.5 million   on the Company's investment in CLO at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses decreased due to lower market spreads for the CLO portfolio at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . Contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected. The Company has taken certain legal measures intended to bring CLO into conformance with the Volcker rule. 
  Single Issuer Trust Preferred Securities.   There were unrealized losses of   $4.3 million   on the Company's investment in single issuer trust preferred securities at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $5.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses   decreased   due to lower market spreads for this asset class, which resulted in higher security prices compared to   December 31, 2015  . The single issuer trust preferred securities portfolio consists of four floating rate investments issued by three large capitalization money center financial institutions, which continue to service the debt. The Company performs periodic credit reviews of the issuer to assess the likelihood for ultimate recovery of amortized cost. 
  Held-to-Maturity Securities 
  Agency CMO.   There were unrealized losses of   $0.9 million   on the Company s investment in Agency CMO at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses decreased due to lower market rates which resulted in higher security prices at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . These investments are issued by a government agency or a government-sponsored agency and, therefore, are backed by certain government guarantees, either direct or indirect. The contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected, and there has been no change in the underlying credit quality. 
  Agency MBS.   There were unrealized losses of   $1.5 million   on the Company s investment in Agency MBS at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $19.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses   decreased   due to lower market rates which resulted in higher security prices at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . These investments are issued by a government agency or a government-sponsored agency and, therefore, are backed by certain government guarantees, either direct or indirect. There has been no change in the underlying credit quality, and the contractual cash flows are performing as expected. 
  
    12 

     Table of Contents  

Municipal Bonds and Notes.   There were unrealized losses of   $1.7 million   on the Company s investment in municipal bonds and notes at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $417 thousand   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses increased due to higher market rates primarily on current year to date purchases. The Company performs periodic credit reviews of the issuers and the securities are currently performing as expected. 
  CMBS.   There were unrealized losses of   $80 thousand   on the Company s investment in CMBS at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Unrealized losses   decreased   due to lower market rates on mainly seasoned fixed rate conduit transactions, which resulted in higher security prices at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . Internal and external metrics are considered when evaluating potential OTTI. Internal stress tests are performed on individual bonds to monitor potential losses under stress scenarios. The contractual cash flows for these investments are performing as expected. 
  Sales of Available-for Sale Securities 
  The following table provides information on sales of available-for-sale securities: 

Contractual Maturities 
  The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity are set forth below: 

For the maturity schedule above, mortgage-backed securities and CLO, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been categorized based on the maturity date of the underlying collateral. Actual principal cash flows may differ from this maturity date presentation as borrowers have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a carrying value of   $1.2 billion   in callable securities in its CMBS, CLO, and municipal bond portfolios. The Company considers prepayment risk in the evaluation of its interest rate risk profile. These maturities do not reflect actual durations which are impacted by prepayments. 
  Securities with a carrying value totaling   $2.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2.6 billion   at   December 31, 2015   were pledged to secure public funds, trust deposits, repurchase agreements, and for other purposes, as required or permitted by law. 
   
  Note 3:   Variable Interest Entities    
  A VIE is an entity that has either a total equity investment that is insufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or whose equity investors lack the ability to control the entity s activities or lack the ability to receive expected benefits or absorb obligations in a manner that s consistent with their investment in the entity. The Company evaluates each VIE to understand the purpose and design of the entity, and its involvement in the ongoing activities of the VIE.  
  The Company will consolidate the VIE if it has: 
             
    the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the VIE's economic performance; and 
                
    an obligation to absorb losses of the VIE, or the right to receive benefits from the VIE, that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
     
    13 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated  
  Rabbi Trust.   The Company has established a Rabbi Trust related to a deferred compensation plan offered to certain employees. Investments held in the Rabbi Trust primarily consist of mutual funds that invest in equity and fixed income securities. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the Rabbi Trust as it has the power to direct the underlying investments made by the trust as well as make funding decisions related to the trust and it has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
  The Company consolidates the invested assets of the trust along with the total deferred compensation obligations and includes them in accrued interest receivable and other assets and accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Earnings in the Rabbi Trust, including appreciation or depreciation, are reflected as other non-interest income, and changes in the corresponding liability are reflected as compensation and benefits, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost and fair value associated with the assets and liabilities of this trust are not significant. Refer to   Note 13:   Fair Value Measurements   for additional information. 
  Non-Consolidated 
  Securitized Investments.   The Company, through normal investment activities, makes passive investments in securities issued by a VIE for which the Company is not the manager. These securities consist of Agency CMO, Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, CLO and single issuer trust preferred securities. The Company has not provided financial or other support with respect to these investments other than its original investment. For these investments, the Company determined it is not the primary beneficiary due to the relative size of the Company s investment in comparison to the principal amount of the structured securities issued by the VIE, the level of credit subordination which reduces the Company s obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits and the Company s inability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these investments is limited to the amount of the Company s investment. Refer to   Note 2:   Investment Securities   for additional information. 
  Tax Credit - Finance Investments.   The Company makes equity investments in entities that finance affordable housing and other community development projects and provide a return primarily through the realization of tax benefits. In most instances the investments require the funding of capital commitments in the future. While the Company's investment in an entity may exceed 50% of its outstanding equity interests, the entity is not consolidated as Webster is not involved in its management. For these investments, the Company determined it is not the primary beneficiary due to its inability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE. 
  The Company's tax credit-finance investments had an aggregate carrying value of   $23.5 million   and   $25.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   At September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , unfunded obligations, which are recognized as a component of accrued expenses and other liabilities, were   $14.4 million   and   $16.5 million  , respectively. 
  Webster Statutory Trust.   The Company owns all of the outstanding common stock of Webster Statutory Trust, which is a financial vehicle that has issued, and may issue in the future, trust preferred securities. The trust is a VIE in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore, is not consolidated. The trust's only assets are junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company, which were acquired by the trust using the proceeds from the issuance of the trust preferred securities and common stock. The junior subordinated debentures are included in long-term debt and the Company s equity interest in the trust is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest expense on the junior subordinated debentures is reported as interest expense on long-term debt in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Other Investments.   The Company invests in various alternative investments in which it holds a variable interest. Alternative investments are non-public entities which cannot be redeemed since the Company s investment is distributed as the underlying investments are liquidated. For these investments, the Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary due to its inability to direct the activities that most significantly impacts the economic performance of the VIE. 
  The Company's other investments in VIEs had an aggregate carrying value of   $12.5 million   and   $12.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and the total exposure of the Company's other investments in VIEs, including unfunded commitments, were   $20.6 million   and   $19.0 million  , respectively. 
  For a further description of the Company's accounting policies regarding the consolidation of a VIE, refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,   2015   included in its   2015   Form 10-K. 
  
    14 

Table of Contents  

Note 4:   Loans and Leases 
  The following table summarizes loans and leases: 

(2) 
    At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had pledged   $6.4 billion   of eligible residential and consumer loans as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FHLB Boston and the FRB of Boston. 
     Loans and Leases Portfolio Aging 
  The following tables summarize the aging of loans and leases: 

Interest on non-accrual loans and leases that would have been recorded as additional interest income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , had the loans and leases been current in accordance with their original terms, totaled   $3.7 million  ,   $8.4 million  ,   $2.6 million   and   $6.3 million  , respectively. 
  
    15 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  
  The following tables summarize the ALLL: 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans and Leases 
  The following tables summarize impaired loans and leases: 

The following table summarizes the average recorded investment and interest income recognized for impaired loans and leases:   

17 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Quality Indicators.   To measure credit risk for the commercial, commercial real estate, and equipment financing portfolios, the Company employs a dual grade credit risk grading system for estimating the probability of borrower default and the loss given default. The credit risk grade system assigns a rating to each borrower and to the facility, which together form a CCRP. The credit risk grade system categorizes borrowers by common financial characteristics that measure the credit strength of borrowers and facilities by common structural characteristics. The CCRP has 10 grades, with each grade corresponding to a progressively greater risk of default. Grades 1 through 6 are considered pass ratings, and 7 through 10 are considered criticized, as defined by the regulatory agencies. Risk ratings, assigned to differentiate risk within the portfolio, are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised to reflect changes in the borrowers  current financial positions and outlooks, risk profiles, and the related collateral and structural positions. Loan officers review updated financial information on at least an annual basis for all pass rated loans to assess the accuracy of the risk grade. Criticized loans undergo more frequent reviews and enhanced monitoring.  
  A "Special Mention" (7) credit has the potential weakness that, if left uncorrected, may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset. "Substandard" (8) assets have a well defined weakness that jeopardizes the full repayment of the debt. An asset rated "Doubtful" (9) has all of the same weaknesses as a substandard credit with the added characteristic that the weakness makes collection or liquidation in full, given current facts, conditions, and values, improbable. Assets classified as "Loss" (10) in accordance with regulatory guidelines are considered uncollectible and charged off. 
  The following table summarizes commercial, commercial real estate and equipment financing loans and leases segregated by risk rating exposure: 

For residential and consumer loans, the Company considers factors such as past due status, updated FICO scores, employment status, collateral, geography, loans discharged in bankruptcy, and the status of first lien position loans on second lien position loans as credit quality indicators. On an ongoing basis for portfolio monitoring purposes, the Company estimates the current value of property secured as collateral for both home equity and residential first mortgage lending products. The estimate is based on home price indices compiled by the S P/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices. The trend data is applied to the loan portfolios taking into account the age of the most recent valuation and geographic area. 
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  The following table summarizes information for TDRs: 

(1) Total recorded investment of TDRs excludes   $0.8 million   and   $1.1 million   of accrued interest receivable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Webster charged off   $3.0 million  ,   $17.9 million  ,   $1.7 million   and   $7.6 million  , respectively, for the portion of TDRs deemed to be uncollectible. 
  A TDR may be modified by means of extended maturity, below market adjusted interest rates, a combination of rate and maturity, or other means, including covenant modifications, forbearance, loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy, or other concessions. 
  
    18 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides information on the type of concession for loans and leases modified as TDRs: 

(1) Post-modification balances approximate pre-modification balances. The aggregate amount of charge-offs as a result of the restructurings was not significant. 
  (2) Other includes covenant modifications, forbearance, loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy, or other concessions. 
  The following table provides information on loans and leases modified as TDRs within the previous 12 months and for which there was a payment default during the periods presented: 

The recorded investment of TDRs in commercial, commercial real estate, and equipment financing segregated by risk rating exposure is as follows: 

19 

Table of Contents  

Note 5:   Transfers of Financial Assets    
  The Company sells financial assets in the normal course of business, primarily residential mortgage loans sold to government-sponsored enterprises through established programs and securitizations. The gain or loss on residential mortgage loans sold and the fair value adjustment to loans held-for-sale are included as mortgage banking activities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  The Company may be required to repurchase a loan in the event of certain breaches of the representations and warranties, or in the event of default of the borrower within 90 days of sale, as provided for in the sale agreements. A reserve for loan repurchases provides for estimated losses pertaining to the potential repurchase of loans associated with the Company s mortgage banking activities. The reserve reflects management s evaluation of the identity of the counterparty, the vintage of the loans sold, the amount of open repurchase requests, specific loss estimates for each open request, the current level of loan losses in similar vintages held in the residential loan portfolio, and estimated recoveries on the underlying collateral. The reserve also reflects management s expectation of losses from repurchase requests for which the Company has not yet been notified, as the performance of loans sold and the quality of the servicing provided by the acquirer also may impact the reserve. The provision recorded at the time of the loan sale is netted from the gain or loss recorded in mortgage banking activities, while any incremental provision, post loan sale, is recorded in other non-interest expense in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The following table provides a summary of activity in the reserve for loan repurchases: 

The following table provides information for mortgage banking activities: 

The Company has retained servicing rights on residential mortgage loans totaling   $2.5 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  Loan servicing fees, net of mortgage servicing rights amortization, were   $0.3 million   for both the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $0.9 million   and   $1.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and are included as a component of loan related fees in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  See   Note 13:   Fair Value Measurements   for a further discussion on the fair value of loans held for sale and mortgage servicing assets. 
  Additionally, loans not originated for sale were sold at carrying value, for cash proceeds of   $20.8 million   for certain commercial loans and   $33.1 million   for certain consumer loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
    20 

Table of Contents  

Note 6:   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  There was no change in the carrying amounts for goodwill since December 31, 2015. See Note 7 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , for information related to goodwill allocated by reportable segment. 
  The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of CDI and customer relationships included in reportable segments are as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the remaining estimated aggregate future amortization expense for intangible assets is as follows: 

21 

Table of Contents  

Note 7:   Deposits 
  A summary of deposits by type follows: 

The scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows: 

22 

Table of Contents  

Note 8:   Borrowings 
  Total borrowings of   $3.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $4.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015   are described in detail below. 
  The following table summarizes securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings: 

Repurchase agreements are used as a source of borrowed funds and are collateralized by U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities. Repurchase agreement counterparties are limited to primary dealers in government securities and commercial/municipal customers through Webster s Treasury Unit. Dealer counterparties have the right to pledge, transfer, or hypothecate purchased securities during the term of the transaction. The Company has right of offset with respect to all repurchase agreement assets and liabilities. Total securities sold under agreements to repurchase represents the gross amount for these transactions, as only liabilities are outstanding for the periods presented. 
  The following table provides information for FHLB advances: 

Webster Bank is in compliance with FHLB collateral requirements for the periods presented. Eligible collateral, primarily certain residential and commercial loans, has been pledged to secure FHLB advances. 
  The following table summarizes long-term debt:  

(2) 
    In accordance with the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03, Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, debt issuance cost is accounted for as a reduction to long-term debt. Previously debt issuance cost was included in accrued interest receivable and other assets within the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
     
    23 

Table of Contents  

Note 9:   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax 
  The following tables summarize the changes in AOCL by component: 

The following tables provide information for the items reclassified from AOCL: 

(1) These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Retirement Benefit note 14 for further details). 
  
    24 

Table of Contents  

Note 10:   Regulatory Matters    
  Capital Requirements 
  Webster Financial Corporation is subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by the Federal Reserve System, while Webster Bank is subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by the OCC. Regulatory authorities can initiate certain mandatory actions if Webster Financial Corporation or Webster Bank fail to meet minimum capital requirements, which could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, both Webster Financial Corporation and Webster Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. These quantitative measures require minimum amounts and ratios to ensure capital adequacy. 
  Basel III total risk-based capital is comprised of three categories: CET1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital includes common shareholders' equity, less deductions for goodwill, other intangibles, and certain deferred tax liabilities. Common shareholders' equity, for purposes of CET1 capital, excludes AOCL components as permitted by the opt-out election taken by Webster upon adoption of Basel III. Tier 1 capital is comprised of CET1 capital plus perpetual preferred stock, while Tier 2 capital includes qualifying subordinated debt and qualifying allowance for credit losses, that together equal total capital. 
  The following table provides information on the capital ratios for Webster Financial Corporation and Webster Bank: 

Dividend Restrictions 
  Webster Financial Corporation is dependent upon dividends from Webster Bank to provide funds for its cash requirements,including payments of dividends to shareholders. Banking regulations may limit the amount of dividends that may be paid. Approval by regulatory authorities is required if the effect of dividends declared would cause the regulatory capital of Webster Bank to fall below specified minimum levels, or if dividends declared exceed the net income for that year combined with the undistributed net income for the preceding two years. In addition, the OCC has discretion to prohibit any otherwise permitted capital distribution on general safety and soundness grounds. Dividends paid by Webster Bank to Webster Financial Corporation totaled   $115 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $80 million   during the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  . 
  Cash Restrictions 
  Webster Bank is required by Federal Reserve System regulations to hold cash reserve balances on hand or with the Federal Reserve Bank. Pursuant to this requirement, Webster Bank held   $63.8 million   and   $109.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
    25 

Table of Contents  

Note 11:   Earnings Per Common Share 
  Reconciliation of the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share follows: 

Potential common shares excluded from the effect of dilutive securities because they would have been anti-dilutive, are as follows: 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding includes the effect of   1.1 million   common shares issued from treasury stock on June 1, 2015, representing the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Prior to conversion, the Series A Preferred Stock was considered to be anti-dilutive. Refer to   Note 15:   Share-Based Plans   for further information relating to potential common shares excluded from the effect of dilutive securities. 
  
    26 

Table of Contents  

Note 12:   Derivative Financial Instruments 
  Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives  
  Webster manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding along with the use of interest rate derivative financial instruments. Webster enters into interest rate derivative financial instruments to manage exposure related to business activities that result in the receipt or payment of both future known and uncertain cash amounts determined by interest rates. 
  Webster s primary objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish these objectives, Webster uses interest rate swaps and interest rate caps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps and caps designated as cash flow hedges are designed to manage the risk associated with a forecasted event or an uncertain variable-rate cash flow. Forward-settle interest rate swaps protect the Company against adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing its exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on forecasted debt issuances. 
  Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for payment of an up-front premium. 
  Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of derivatives which are designated as cash flow hedges, and that qualify for hedge accounting, is recorded to AOCL and is reclassified into earnings in the subsequent periods that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the periods presented, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt and forecasted issuances of debt. The ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded no ineffectiveness in earnings attributable to the difference in the effective date of the hedge and the effective date of the debt issuance.  
  Webster is also exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed-rate obligations due to changes in benchmark interest rates. Webster, on occasion, uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in fair value on these obligations attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rates. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for Webster making variable-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. For a qualifying derivative designated as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the gain or loss on the hedged item, is recognized in interest expense. Webster did not have interest rate derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedges at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . As a result, there was no impact to interest expense during the periods presented. 
  Additionally, in order to address certain other risk management matters, the Company utilizes the following derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting. These derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized each period as other non-interest income in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Interest rate swap and cap contracts are sold to commercial and other customers who wish to modify loan interest rate sensitivity. These contracts are offset with dealer counterparty transactions structured with matching terms. As a result, there is minimal impact on earnings, except for fee income earned in such transactions. 
  RPAs are entered into as financial guarantees of performance on interest rate swap derivatives. The purchased (asset) or sold (liability) guarantee allows the Company to participate-in (for a fee received) or participate-out (for a fee paid) the risk associated with certain derivative positions executed with the borrower by a lead bank. 
  Other derivatives include foreign currency forward contracts related to lending arrangements, a VISA equity swap transaction, and mortgage banking derivatives such as mortgage-backed securities related to residential loan commitments and loans held for sale. Mortgage banking derivatives are utilized by Webster in its efforts to manage risk of loss associated with its mortgage loan commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. Prior to closing and funding certain single-family residential mortgage loans interest rate lock commitments are generally extended to the borrowers. During the period from commitment date to closing date, Webster is subject to the risk that market rates of interest may change. If market rates rise, investors generally will pay less to purchase such loans causing a reduction in the anticipated gain on sale of the loans and possibly resulting in a loss. In an effort to mitigate such risk, forward delivery sales commitments are established under which Webster agrees to deliver whole mortgage loans to various investors or issue mortgage-backed securities. Mandatory forward commitments establish the price to be received upon the sale of the related mortgage loan, thereby mitigating certain interest rate risk. There is, however, still certain execution risk specifically related to Webster s ability to close and deliver to its investors the mortgage loans it has committed to sell. 
  
    27 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
  The following table presents the notional amounts and fair values of derivative positions: 

(1) 
    The Company has elected to report derivative positions subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement on a net basis, net of cash collateral. Refer to the Offsetting Derivatives section of this footnote for additional information. 
              (2) 
    Derivative positions not subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement are reported on a gross basis in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
              (3) 
    Notional amounts include mandatory forward commitments of   $133.1 million  , while notional amounts do not include approved floating rate commitments of   $29.3 million  , at   September 30, 2016  . 
     Changes in Fair Value 
  Changes in the fair value of derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting treatment were recognized as follows: 

Amounts for the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting treatment are reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on Webster's variable-rate debt. Over the next twelve months, the Company estimates that   $2.1 million   will be reclassified from AOCL as an increase to interest expense. 
  Webster records gains and losses related to hedge terminations to AOCL. These balances are subsequently amortized into interest expense over the respective terms of the hedged debt instruments. At   September 30, 2016  , the remaining unamortized loss on the termination of cash flow hedges is   $22.9 million  . Over the next twelve months, the Company estimates that   $6.4 million   will be reclassified from AOCL as an increase to interest expense. 
  Additional information about cash flow hedge activity impacting AOCL, and the related amounts reclassified to interest expense is provided in   Note 9:   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax  . Information about the valuation methods used to measure the fair value of derivatives is provided in   Note 13:   Fair Value Measurements  . 
  
    28 

     Table of Contents  

Offsetting Derivatives 
  Webster has entered into transactions with counterparties that are subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement. Derivatives subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement are reported on a net basis, net of cash collateral. Net positions are recorded in other assets for a net gain position and in other liabilities for a net loss position in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The following table is presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty netting agreements. Derivative assets and liabilities are shown net of cash collateral: 

(1) Net amount is net of   $93.7 million   and   $31.3 million   of cash collateral at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, as presented in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  (2) Net amount excludes   $29.5 million   and   $20.2 million   of initial margin requirements posted at the derivative clearing organization at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Initial margin is recorded as a component of accrued interest receivable and other assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Counterparty Credit Risk 
  Use of derivative contracts may expose the bank to counterparty credit risk. The Company has ISDA master agreements, including a Credit Support Annex, with all derivative counterparties. The ISDA master agreements provide that on each payment date, all amounts otherwise owing the same currency under the same transaction are netted so that only a single amount is owed in that currency. The ISDA provides, if the parties so elect, for such netting of amounts in the same currency among all transactions identified as being subject to such election that have common payment dates and booking offices. Under the Credit Support Annex, daily net exposure in excess of a negotiated threshold is secured by posted cash collateral. The Company has negotiated a zero threshold with the majority of its approved financial institution counterparties. In accordance with Webster policies, institutional counterparties must be analyzed and approved through the Company s credit approval process. 
  The Company s credit exposure on interest rate derivatives with non-dealer counterparties is limited to the net favorable value, including accrued interest, of all such instruments, reduced by the amount of collateral pledged by the counterparties. The Company's credit exposure related to derivatives with dealer counterparties is significantly mitigated with cash collateral equal to, or in excess of, the market value of the instrument updated daily. 
  In accordance with counterparty credit agreements and derivative clearing rules, the Company had approximately   $125.8 million   in net margin collateral posted with financial counterparties at   September 30, 2016  , comprised of   $29.5 million   in initial margin and   $96.3 million   in variation margin collateral posted to financial counterparties or the derivative clearing organization. Collateral levels for approved financial institution counterparties are monitored daily and adjusted as necessary. In the event of default, should the collateral not be returned, the exposure would be offset by terminating the transaction. 
  The Company regularly evaluates the credit risk of its counterparties, taking into account the likelihood of default, net exposures, and remaining contractual life, among other related factors. The Company's net current credit exposure relating to interest rate derivatives with Webster Bank customers was   $116.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  . In addition, the Company monitors potential future exposure, representing its best estimate of exposure to remaining contractual maturity. The potential future exposure relating to interest rate derivatives with Webster Bank customers totaled   $24.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The credit exposures are mitigated as transactions with customers are generally secured by the same collateral of the underlying transactions being hedged. 
  
    29 

Table of Contents  

Note 13:   Fair Value Measurements    
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is best determined using quoted market prices. However, in many instances, quoted market prices are not available. In such instances, fair values are determined using appropriate valuation techniques. Various assumptions and observable inputs must be relied upon in applying these techniques. Accordingly, categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As such, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate transfer of the respective asset or liability. 
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
  The three levels within the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
             
    Level 1:   Valuation is based upon unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
                
    Level 2:   Fair value is calculated using significant inputs other than quoted market prices that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. The valuation may rely on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit ratings, etc.), or inputs that are derived principally or corroborated by market data, by correlation, or other means. 
                
    Level 3:   Inputs for determining the fair value of the respective assets or liabilities are not observable. Level 3 valuations are reliant upon pricing models and techniques that require significant management judgment or estimation. 
     Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  Available-for-Sale Investment Securities.   When quoted prices are available in an active market, the Company classifies securities within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Equity securities in financial services and U.S. Treasury Bills are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  When quoted market prices are not available, the Company employs an independent pricing service that utilizes matrix pricing to calculate fair value. Such fair value measurements consider observable data such as dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, yield curves, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayments speeds, credit information, and respective terms and conditions for debt instruments. Management maintains procedures to monitor the pricing service's assumptions and establishes processes to challenge the pricing service's valuations that appear unusual or unexpected. Available-for-Sale investment securities which include Agency CMO, Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, CMBS, CLO, single-issuer trust preferred securities, and corporate debt securities, are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Derivative Instruments.   Foreign exchange contracts are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Derivative instruments are valued using third-party valuation software, which considers the present value of cash flows discounted using observable forward rate assumptions. The resulting fair values are validated against valuations performed by independent third parties and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In determining if any fair value adjustment related to credit risk is required, Webster evaluates the credit risk of its counterparties by considering factors such as the likelihood of default by the counterparties, its net exposures, the remaining contractual life, as well as the amount of collateral securing the position. Webster reviews its counterparty exposure on a regular basis, and, when necessary, appropriate business actions are taken to adjust the exposure. When determining fair value, Webster applies the portfolio exception with respect to measuring counterparty credit risk for all of its derivative transactions subject to a master netting arrangement. The change in value of derivative assets and liabilities attributable to credit risk was not significant during the reported periods.  
  Mortgage Banking Derivatives.   Forward sales of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities are utilized by the Company in its efforts to manage risk of loss associated with its mortgage loan commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. Prior to closing and funding certain single-family residential mortgage loans, an interest rate lock commitment is generally extended to the borrower. During the period from commitment date to closing date, the Company is subject to the risk that market rates of interest may change. If market rates rise, investors generally will pay less to purchase such loans resulting in a reduction in the gain on sale of the loans or, possibly, a loss. In an effort to mitigate such risk, forward delivery sales commitments are established, under which the Company agrees to deliver whole mortgage loans to various investors or issue mortgage-backed securities. The fair value of mortgage banking derivatives is determined based on current market prices for similar assets in the secondary market and, therefore, classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  
    30 

     Table of Contents  

Investments Held in Rabbi Trust.   Investments held in the Rabbi Trust primarily include mutual funds that invest in equity and fixed income securities. Shares of mutual funds are valued based on net asset value, which represents quoted market prices for the underlying shares held in the mutual funds. Therefore, investments held in the Rabbi Trust are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Webster has elected to measure the investments held in the Rabbi Trust at fair value. The Company consolidates the invested assets of the trust along with the total deferred compensation obligations and includes them in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Earnings in the Rabbi Trust, including appreciation or depreciation, are reflected as other non-interest income, and changes in the corresponding liability are reflected as compensation and benefits in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost basis of the investments held in the Rabbi Trust is   $3.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Alternative Investments.   The Company generally records alternative investments at cost, subject to impairment testing. The alternative investments that are carried at cost are considered to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when there is impairment. There are certain funds in which the ownership percentage is greater than 3% and are, therefore, recorded at fair value on a recurring basis based upon the net asset value of the respective fund. Alternative investments are non-public entities that cannot be redeemed since the Company s investment is distributed as the underlying investments are liquidated. As such, these investments are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company has   $8.0 million   in unfunded commitments remaining for its alternative investments, as of   September 30, 2016  . See the "Investment Securities Portfolio" section of Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion of the Company's alternative investments. 
  Originated Loans Held For Sale.   Residential mortgage loans typically are classified as held for sale upon origination based on management's intent to sell such loans. The Company generally records residential mortgage loans held for sale under the fair value option of   ASC 820 "Fair Value Measurement"  . The fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale is based on quoted market prices of similar loans sold in conjunction with securitization transactions. Accordingly, such loans are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  Contingent Consideration.   As part of the health savings accounts acquisition, the contingent consideration arrangement entitles the Company to receive a rebate of the purchase price relating to the premium paid, for account attrition that occurs during the eighteen-month period beginning on the acquisition date of January 13, 2015. In periods subsequent to the initial valuation the fair value is adjusted for measurable attrition milestones. This valuation is based on a contractual obligation that is reliant upon calculation inputs, and as such could be subject to miscalculation. Therefore, the contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Contingent Liability.   As part of the health savings accounts acquisition, Webster assumed a pre-existing liability as part of the transaction. The liability valuation was based upon unobservable inputs. Therefore, the contingent liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the contingency represented the estimated price to transfer the liability between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. Webster settled the liability during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

31 

     Table of Contents  

Summaries of the fair values of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

(1) For information relating to the impact of netting derivative assets and derivative liabilities as well as the impact from offsetting cash collateral paid to the same derivative counterparties see   Note 12:   Derivative Financial Instruments  . 
  (2) Loans held for sale accounted for under the fair value option of ASC 825 "Financial Instruments" at   September 30, 2016  . The Company made this policy election on loans originated for sale. See   Note 1:   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  . 
  
    32 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
  Certain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis; that is, the assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, for example, when there is evidence of impairment. The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets measured on a non-recurring basis. 
  Transferred Loans Held For Sale.   Certain loans are transferred to loans held for sale once a decision has been made to sell such loans. These loans are accounted for at the lower of cost or market and are considered to be recognized at fair value when they are recorded at below cost. This activity is primarily commercial loans with observable inputs and is classified within Level 2. On the occasion should these loans include adjustments for changes in loan characteristics using unobservable inputs, the loans would be classified within Level 3. 
  Collateral Dependent Impaired Loans and Leases.   Impaired loans and leases for which repayment is expected to be provided solely by the value of the underlying collateral are considered collateral dependent and are valued based on the estimated fair value of such collateral using customized discounting criteria. As such, collateral dependent impaired loans and leases are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed Assets.   The total book value of OREO and repossessed assets was   $4.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . OREO and repossessed assets are accounted for at the lower of cost or market and are considered to be recognized at fair value when they are recorded at below cost. The fair value of OREO is based on independent appraisals or internal valuation methods, less estimated selling costs. The valuation may consider available pricing guides, auction results, and price opinions. Certain assets require assumptions about factors that are not observable in an active market in the determination of fair value; as such, OREO and repossessed assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Mortgage Servicing Assets.   Mortgage servicing assets are accounted for at cost, subject to impairment testing. When the carrying cost exceeds fair value, a valuation allowance is established to reduce the carrying cost to fair value. Changes in fair value are included as a component of other non-interest income in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Fair value is calculated as the present value of estimated future net servicing income and relies on market based assumptions for loan prepayment speeds, servicing costs, discount rates, and other economic factors; as such, the primary risk inherent in valuing mortgage servicing assets is the impact of fluctuating interest rates on the servicing revenue stream. Mortgage servicing assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  The following table presents the changes in fair value for mortgage servicing assets: 

33 

     Table of Contents  

The table below presents the valuation methodology and unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016  : 
                               (Dollars in thousands) 
      
      Asset 
    Fair Value 
    Valuation Methodology 
    Unobservable Inputs 
    Range of Inputs 
      Collateral dependent impaired loans and leases 
    $ 
    1,974 
      
    Real Estate Appraisals 
    Discount for appraisal type 
    0% 

Discount for costs to sell 
    0% 
      OREO 
    $ 
    195 
      
    Real Estate Appraisals 
    Discount for appraisal type 
    0% 
    - 
    10.0% 

Discount for costs to sell 
    8% 
      Mortgage servicing assets 
    $ 
    35,621 
      
    Discounted cash flow 
    Constant prepayment rate 
    7.9% 
    - 
    32.6% 

Discount rates 
    1.5% 
    - 
    2.1% 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The Company is required to disclose the estimated fair value of financial instruments, both assets and liabilities, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for those assets and liabilities. 
  Cash, Due from Banks, and Interest-bearing Deposits.   The carrying amount of cash, due from banks, and interest-bearing deposits is used to approximate fair value, given the short time frame to maturity and, as such, these assets do not present unanticipated credit concerns. Cash, due from banks, and interest-bearing deposits are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Held-to-Maturity Investment Securities.   When quoted market prices are not available, the Company employs an independent pricing service that utilizes matrix pricing to calculate fair value. Such fair value measurements consider observable data such as dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, yield curves, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayments speeds, credit information, and respective terms and conditions for debt instruments. Management maintains procedures to monitor the pricing service's assumptions and establishes processes to challenge the pricing service's valuations that appear unusual or unexpected. Held-to-Maturity investment securities, which include Agency CMO, Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, CMBS, municipal bonds and notes, and private label MBS securities, are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Loans and Leases, net.   The estimated fair value of loans and leases held for investment is calculated using a discounted cash flow method, using future prepayments and market interest rates inclusive of an illiquidity premium for comparable loans and leases. The associated cash flows are adjusted for credit and other potential losses. Fair value for impaired loans and leases is estimated using the net present value of the expected cash flows. Loans and leases are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Deposit Liabilities.   The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Deposit liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase and Other Borrowings.   The carrying value is an estimate of fair value for those securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings that mature within 90 days. The fair values of all other borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on current market rates adjusted, as appropriate, for associated credit risks. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Long-Term Debt.   The fair value of FHLB advances and long-term debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow technique. Discount rates are matched with the time period of the expected cash flow and are adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect credit risk. FHLB advances and long-term debt are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  
    34 

     Table of Contents  

The estimated fair values of selected financial instruments and servicing assets are as follows: 

(1) Loans held for sale accounted for at the lower of cost or market includes commercial loans at   September 30, 2016   and both commercial and residential loans at   December 31, 2015  . 
  (2) The following adjustments to the carrying amount are not included for determination of fair value, see   Note 8:   Borrowings  : 
     FHLB advances - unamortized premiums on advances 
     Long-term debt - unamortized discount and debt issuance cost on senior fixed-rate notes 
  Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the entire holdings or any part of a particular financial instrument. Fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These factors are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
  
    35 

Table of Contents  

Note 14:   Retirement Benefit Plans 
  Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits 
  The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost:    

The Company made a discretionary   $20.0 million   contribution to the Webster Bank Pension Plan in September   2016  . Additional contributions may be made as deemed appropriate by management in conjunction with information provided by the Plan s actuarial firm. 
  
    36 

Table of Contents  

Note 15:   Share-Based Plans 
  Stock compensation plans 
  Webster maintains stock compensation plans under which non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, or stock appreciation rights may be granted to employees and directors. The Company believes these share awards better align the interests of its employees with those of its shareholders. Stock compensation cost is recognized over the required service vesting period for the awards, based on the grant-date fair value, net of estimated forfeitures, and is included as a component of compensation and benefits reflected in non-interest expense. 
  The following table provides a summary of stock compensation expense recognized in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income: 

At   September 30, 2016   there was   $16.9 million   of unrecognized stock compensation expense for restricted stock expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.7 years  . 
  The following table provides a summary of the activity under the stock compensation plans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Vested for purposes of recording compensation expense. 
     Time-based restricted stock.   Time-based restricted stock awards vest over the applicable service period ranging from   1   to   5   years. The number of time-based awards that may be granted to an eligible individual in a calendar year is limited to   100,000   shares. Compensation expense is recorded over the vesting period based on a fair value, which is measured using the Company's common stock closing price at the date of grant. 
  Performance-based restricted stock.   Performance-based restricted stock awards vest after a   3   year performance period. The awards vest with a share quantity dependent on that performance, in a range from   0   to   150%  . The performance criteria for   50%   of the shares granted in 2016 is based upon Webster's ranking for total shareholder return versus Webster's compensation peer group companies and the remaining   50%   is based upon upon Webster's average of return on equity during the three year vesting period. The compensation peer group companies are utilized because they represent the financial institutions that best compare with Webster. The Company records compensation expense over the vesting period, based on a fair value calculated using the Monte-Carlo simulation model, which allows for the incorporation of the performance condition for the   50%   of the performance-based shares tied to total shareholder return versus the compensation peer group, and based on a fair value of the market price on the date of grant for the remaining   50%   of the performance-based shares tied to Webster's return on equity. Compensation expense is subject to adjustment based on management's assessment of Webster's return on equity performance relative to the target number of shares condition. 
  Stock options.   Stock option awards have an exercise price equal to the market price of Webster Financial Corporation's stock on the date of grant. Each option grants the holder the right to acquire a share of Webster Financial Corporation common stock over a contractual life of up to   10   years. All awarded options have vested. There were   1,269,249   non-qualified stock options and   99,569   incentive stock options outstanding at   September 30, 2016  . 
  
    37 

Table of Contents  

Note 16:   Segment Reporting 
  Webster s operations are organized into   four   reportable segments that represent its primary businesses - Commercial Banking, Community Banking, HSA Bank, and Private Banking. Community Banking consists of the operating segments - Personal Banking and Business Banking. These four segments reflect how executive management responsibilities are assigned by the chief operating decision maker for each of the primary businesses, the products and services provided, the type of customer served, and reflects how discrete financial information is currently evaluated. The Company s Treasury unit and consumer liquidating portfolio are included in the Corporate and Reconciling category along with the amounts required to reconcile profitability metrics to GAAP reported amounts.  
  Webster s reportable segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. Webster uses an internal profitability reporting system to generate information by operating segment, which is based on a series of management estimates and allocations regarding funds transfer pricing, provision for loan and lease losses, non-interest expense, income taxes, and equity capital. These estimates and allocations, certain of which are subjective in nature, are periodically reviewed and refined. Changes in estimates and allocations that affect the reported results of any operating segment do not affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of Webster as a whole. The full profitability measurement reports, which are prepared for each operating segment, reflect non-GAAP reporting methodologies. The differences between full profitability and GAAP results are reconciled in the Corporate and Reconciling category. 
  Webster allocates interest income and interest expense to each business, while also transferring the primary interest rate risk exposures to the Corporate and Reconciling category, using a matched maturity funding concept called Funds Transfer Pricing. The allocation process considers the specific interest rate risk and liquidity risk of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities in each line of business. The matched maturity funding concept considers the origination date and the earlier of the maturity date or the repricing date of a financial instrument to assign an FTP rate for loans and deposits originated each day. Loans are assigned an FTP rate for funds used and deposits are assigned an FTP rate for funds provided. This process is executed by the Company s Financial Planning and Analysis division and is overseen by ALCO.  
  Webster allocates the provision for loan and lease losses to each segment based on management s estimate of the inherent loss content in each of the specific loan and lease portfolios. Provision expense for certain elements of risk that are not deemed specifically attributable to a reportable segment, such as the provision for the consumer liquidating portfolio, is shown as part of the Corporate and Reconciling category. 
  Webster allocates a majority of non-interest expense to each reportable segment using a full-absorption costing process. Costs, including corporate overhead, are analyzed, pooled by process, and assigned to the appropriate reportable segment. Income tax expense is allocated to each reportable segment based on the consolidated effective income tax rate for the period shown. 
  The following tables present the operating results, including all appropriate allocations, for Webster s reportable segments and the Corporate and Reconciling category: 

38 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents total assets for Webster's reportable segments and the Corporate and Reconciling category: 

39 

Table of Contents  

Note 17:   Commitments and Contingencies    
  Credit-Related Financial Instruments 
  The Company offers credit-related financial instruments in the normal course of business to meet certain financing needs of its customers, that involve off-balance sheet risk. These transactions may include an unused commitment to extend credit, standby letter of credit, or commercial letter of credit. Such transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk. 
  The following table summarizes the outstanding amounts of credit-related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk: 

Commitments to Extend Credit  .   The Company makes commitments under various terms to lend funds to customers at a future point in time. These commitments include revolving credit arrangements, term loan commitments, and short-term borrowing agreements. Most of these loans have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses where a fee may be required. Since commitments routinely expire without being funded, or after required availability of collateral occurs, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future liquidity requirements. 
  Standby Letter of Credit  .     A standby letter of credit commits the Company to make payments on behalf of customers if certain specified future events occur. The Company has recourse against the customer for any amount required to be paid to a third party under a standby letter of credit, which is often part of a larger credit agreement under which security is provided. Historically, a large percentage of standby letters of credit expire without being funded. The contractual amount of a standby letter of credit represents the maximum amount of potential future payments the Company could be required to make, and is the Company's maximum credit risk. 
  Commercial Letter of Credit  .     A commercial letter of credit is issued to facilitate either domestic or foreign trade arrangements for customers. As a general rule, drafts are committed to be drawn when the goods underlying the transaction are in transit. Similar to a standby letter of credit, a commercial letter of credit is often secured by an underlying security agreement including the assets or inventory to which they relate. 
  These commitments subject the Company to potential exposure in excess of the amounts recorded in the financial statements, and therefore, management maintains a specific reserve for unfunded credit commitments. This reserve is reported as a component of accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The following table provides a summary of activity in the reserve for unfunded credit commitments: 

Litigation 
  Webster is involved in routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business and is subject to loss contingencies related to such litigation and claims arising therefrom. Webster evaluates these contingencies based on information currently available, including advice of counsel and assessment of available insurance coverage. Webster establishes an accrual for litigation and claims when a loss contingency is considered probable and the related amount is reasonably estimable. This accrual is periodically reviewed and may be adjusted as circumstances change. Webster also estimates certain loss contingencies for possible litigation and claims, whether or not there is an accrued probable loss. Webster believes it has defenses to all the claims asserted against it in existing litigation matters and intends to defend itself in all matters. 
  Based upon its current knowledge, after consultation with counsel and after taking into consideration its current litigation accrual, Webster believes that at   September 30, 2016   any reasonably possible losses, in addition to amounts accrued, are not material to Webster s consolidated financial condition. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such actions and proceedings, there is no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the amounts currently accrued by Webster or that the Company s litigation accrual will not need to be adjusted in future periods. Such an outcome could be material to the Company s operating results in a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of the Company s income for that period. 
  
    40 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, for the   year ended December 31, 2015  , included in its   2015   Form 10-K, and in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 1 of this report. Operating results for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year ending December 31,   2016  , or any future period. 
  Forward-Looking Statements and Factors that Could Affect Future Results 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "targeted," "continue," "remain," "will," "should," "may," "plans," "estimates" and similar references to future periods; however, such words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. In addition to Webster or the Company, references to "we," "our," or "us" mean Webster Financial Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
             
    projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, and other financial items; 
                
    statements of plans, objectives and expectations of Webster or its management or Board of Directors; 
                
    statements of future economic performance; and 
                
    statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
     Forward-looking statements are based on Webster s current expectations and assumptions regarding its business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Webster s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. 
  Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
             
    local, regional, national and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on us and our customers and our assessment of that impact; 
                
    volatility and disruption in national and international financial markets; 
                
    government intervention in the U.S. financial system; 
                
    changes in the level of non-performing assets and charge-offs; 
                
    changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; 
                
    adverse conditions in the securities markets that lead to impairment in the value of securities in our investment portfolio; 
                
    inflation, interest rate, securities market and monetary fluctuations; 
                
    the timely development and acceptance of new products and services and perceived overall value of these products and services by customers; 
                
    changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits; 
                
    technological changes and cyber-security matters; 
                
    the ability to increase market share and control expenses; 
                
    changes in the competitive environment among banks, financial holding companies and other financial services providers; 
                
    the effect of changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) with which we and our subsidiaries must comply, including the Dodd-Frank Act; 
                
    the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters; 
                
    the costs and effects of legal and regulatory developments including the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries and the results of regulatory examinations or reviews; and 
                
    our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 
     Any forward-looking statements made by the Company in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date they are made. Factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
  
    41 

Table of Contents  

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates 
  The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in its   2015   Form 10-K and in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this report. The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP and practices generally applicable to the financial services industry requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and to disclose contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Management has identified the Company's most critical accounting policies as: 
             
    allowance for loan and lease losses; 
                
    fair value measurements for valuation of investments and other financial instruments; 
                
    evaluation of investments for other-than-temporary impairment; 
                
    valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets; and 
                
    assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets and the measurement of uncertain tax positions. 
     These particular significant accounting policies are considered most critical in that they are important to the Company s financial condition and results, and they require management s subjective and complex judgment as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The accounting policies and estimates, including the nature of the estimates and types of assumptions used, are described throughout Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Webster's   2015   Form 10-K and Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this report. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Selected financial highlights are presented in the following table: 

The non-GAAP financial measures, identified in the preceding table, have been presented because management believes their use provides additional clarity in assessing the results of the Company. Other companies may define or calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently. 
  
    42 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures with financial measures defined by GAAP: 

43 

Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize daily average balances, interest, yield/rate, and net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis: 

44 

     Table of Contents  

45 

     Table of Contents  

Net interest income is the difference between interest income on earning assets, such as loans and investments, and interest expense on liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings, which are used to fund those assets. Net interest income is the Company's largest source of revenue, representing   73.3%   of total revenue for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Net interest margin is the ratio of tax-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets for the period. 
  Net interest income and net interest margin are impacted by the level of interest rates secured, mix of assets earning and liabilities paying those interest rates, and the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. These conditions are influenced by changes in economic conditions that impact interest rate policy, competitive conditions that impact loan and deposit pricing strategies, as well as the extent of interest ceded to non-performing assets. 
  Webster manages the risk of changes in interest rates on net interest income and net interest margin through ALCO and through related interest rate risk monitoring and management policies. Four main tools are used for managing interest rate risk: 
             
    the size, duration and credit risk of the investment portfolio, 
                
    the size and duration of the wholesale funding portfolio, 
                
    off-balance sheet interest rate contracts, and 
                
    the pricing and structure of loans and deposits. 
     ALCO meets at least monthly to make decisions on the investment and funding portfolios based on the economic outlook, its interest rate expectations, the balance sheet risk position, and other factors. The federal funds rate target range has remained 0.25-0.50% since December 16, 2015. See the "Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk" section for further discussion of Webster s interest rate risk position. 
  Financial Performance 
  Comparison to Prior Year Quarter 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , net income   increased     $0.4 million  , or   0.9%  , from the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Net interest income   increased     7.3%  , and was mostly offset by increased non-interest expense, primarily as a result of increased investment in the HSA Bank and Community Banking businesses. Accordingly, income before income tax expense of   $76.3 million     decreased     0.1%  . 
  The effect from income tax expense of   $24.4 million   and   $25.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, resulted in net income of   $51.8 million   and diluted earnings per share of   $0.54   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net income of   $51.4 million   and diluted earnings per share of   $0.53   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net income   decreased     $3.4 million  , or   2.3%  , from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Net interest income   increased     8.5%  , and was mostly offset by increased non-interest expense, primarily as a result of investment in the HSA Bank and Community Banking businesses, as well as favorable adjustments in the prior period. Also, the provision for loan and lease losses increased   23.5%   as loan origination activity has remained strong throughout the period. Accordingly, income before income tax expense of   $221.9 million     decreased     0.2%  . 
  The effect from income tax expense of   $72.5 million   and   $69.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, resulted in net income of   $149.5 million   and diluted earnings per share of   $1.56   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net income of   $152.9 million   and diluted earnings per share of   $1.60   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Net Interest Income 
  Comparison to Prior Year Quarter 
  Net interest income totaled   $180.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $168.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $12.2 million  . On a fully tax-equivalent basis, net interest income increased   $13.1 million   when compared to the same period in   2015  . The   increase   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of a significant increase in loans with yields improved by   9   basis points, while the size of the securities portfolio and the reinvestment spreads on those assets declined. Net interest margin   increased     6   basis points to   3.10%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   3.04%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  
    46 

     Table of Contents  

Comparison to Prior Year to Date 
  Net interest income totaled   $533.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $491.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $42.0 million  . On a fully tax-equivalent basis, net interest income increased   $43.8 million   when compared to the same period in   2015  . The   increase   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of a significant increase in loans with overall improved yields bearing greater weight on net interest margin than a relatively flat securities portfolio with declining reinvestment spreads on those assets. Net interest margin   increased     4   basis points to   3.10%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   3.06%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Changes in Net Interest Income 
  The following table presents the components of the change in net interest income attributable to changes in rate and volume, and reflects net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis: 

(1) 
    The change attributable to mix, a combined impact of rate and volume, is included with the change due to rate. 
              (2) 
    Investments include: Securities, FHLB and FRB stock, and Interest-bearing deposits. 
     Average loans and leases for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $1.6 billion   compared to the average for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The loan and lease portfolio comprised   69.3%   of the average interest-earning assets at   September 30, 2016   compared to   66.9%   of the average interest-earning assets at   September 30, 2015  . The loan and lease portfolio yield   increased     6   basis points to   3.79%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the loan and lease portfolio yield of   3.73%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in the yield on the average loan and lease portfolio is due to floating rate loans as well as increased spreads on loan originations.    
  Average investments for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased     $14.3 million   compared to the average for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The investments portfolio comprised   30.6%   of the average interest-earning assets at   September 30, 2016   compared to   32.9%   of the average interest-earning assets at   September 30, 2015  . The investments portfolio yield   decreased     3   basis points to   2.96%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the investments portfolio yield of   2.99%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the yield on the investments portfolio is due to current low market rates on securities purchases compared to the yield on securities paydowns and maturities during the period. 
  Average deposits for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $1.4 billion   compared to the average for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   is comprised of an   increase   of   $281.6 million   in non-interest-bearing deposits and an   increase   of   $1.1 billion   in interest-bearing deposits. The average cost of deposits was   0.26%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.26%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The average cost of deposits was flat as a result of improved product mix coupled with pricing shifts. Higher cost time deposits   decreased   to   13.5%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   15.5%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   as a percentage of total interest-bearing deposits. 
  Average borrowings for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $211.7 million   compared to the average for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Average securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings   decreased     $205.6 million  , while average FHLB advances   increased     $418.0 million  . The average cost of borrowings   increased     6   basis point to   1.50%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   1.44%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in average cost of borrowings is the result of the 25 basis point increase in the Fed Funds rate on December 16, 2015. 
  
    47 

     Table of Contents  

Cash flow hedges impacted the average cost of borrowings as follows: 

Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 
  Management performs a quarterly review of the loan and lease portfolio to determine the adequacy of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. At   September 30, 2016  , the ALLL totaled   $187.9 million  , or   1.13%   of total loans and leases, as compared to   $175.0 million  , or   1.12%   of total loans and leases, at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Several factors are considered when determining the level of the ALLL, including loan growth, portfolio composition, portfolio risk profile, credit performance, changes in the levels of non-performing loans and leases, and changes in the economic environment. These factors, coupled with current and projected net charge-offs, impact the required level of the provision for loan and lease losses. Total net charge-offs were   $6.8 million   and   $30.9 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $7.9 million   and   $21.8 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily the result of a large commercial loan charge-off in the first quarter of 2016. 
  The provision for loan and lease losses of   $14.3 million   and   $43.9 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, increased   $1.3 million   and   $8.4 million  , respectively, compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in provision for loan and lease losses was due primarily to increasing loan balances, as well as the impaired commercial loan charged-off in the first quarter of 2016. 
  See the "Loan and Lease Portfolio" through "Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Methodology" sections for further details. 
  
    48 

Table of Contents  

Non-Interest Income  

n/m - not meaningful 
  Comparison to Prior Year Quarter 
  Total non-interest income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $66.4 million  , an   increase   of   $5.1 million  , or   8.4%  , compared to   $61.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   is attributable to increases in loan related fees and mortgage banking activities. 
  Loan related fees increased   $2.0 million  , or   24.0%  , primarily as a result of increased syndication fees and a lower deferral of origination fees.  
  Mortgage banking activities income increased   $1.8 million  , or   127.3%  , due to higher spreads on loans sold offset by slightly lower volumes. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date 
  Total non-interest income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $193.9 million  , an   increase   of   $15.8 million  , or   8.9%  , compared to   $178.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   is attributable to increases in deposit service fees, loan related fees, mortgage banking activities, income earned on the cash surrender value of life insurance policies, and other income, partially offset by a decrease in wealth and investment services.  
  Deposit service fees   increased     $4.2 million  , or   4.1%  , as a result of increased checking account service charges driven by HSA Bank's account growth and check card interchange income, partially offset by lower NSF fees. 
  Loan related fees   increased     $3.3 million  , or   16.9%  , primarily due to increases in loan syndication fees and lower deferral of origination fees, partially offset by decreases in prepayment fees, line usage fees, and increased mortgage servicing rights amortization. 
  Wealth and investment services decreased   $2.4 million  , or   10.0%  , primarily due to an adverse impact on sales production driven by market conditions. 
  Mortgage banking activities   increased     $3.3 million  , or   60.4%  , due to higher spreads on loans sold offset by slightly lower volumes. 
  Income earned on the cash surrender value of life insurance policies   increased     $1.4 million  , or   14.8%  , primarily due to an expanded number of participants in the program. 
  Other income   increased     $6.1 million  , or   36.1%  , due in part to higher client interest rate hedging activities and fair value adjustments in the contingent consideration. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

Non-Interest Expense 

Comparison to Prior Year Quarter  
  Total non-interest expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $156.1 million  , an   increase   of   $16.2 million  , or   11.5%  , compared to   $139.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   is attributable to increases in compensation and benefits, occupancy, professional and outside services, and other expense, partially offset by a decrease in  technology and equipment.  
  Compensation and benefits   increased     $9.8 million  , or   13.3%  , due to strategic hires within HSA Bank, a year over year increase in the Company's stock price which increased deferred compensation, the Boston expansion, and severance.  
  Occupancy increased   $3.0 million  , or   25.2%  , primarily as a result of the Boston expansion.  
  Technology and equipment decreased   $1.7 million  , or   7.8%  , primarily due to transitional service costs related to HSA's acquisition in the prior year quarter's expenses.  
  Professional and outside services increased   $1.9 million  , or   65.6%  , due to higher consulting expenses. 
  Other expense increased   $2.6 million  , or   14.3%  , as a result of HSA Bank operations growth and the Boston expansion. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date  
  Total non-interest expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $461.3 million  , an   increase   of   $49.8 million  , or   12.1%  , compared to   $411.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   is attributable to increases in compensation and benefits, occupancy, marketing, professional and outside services, deposit insurance and other expense, partially offset by a decrease in technology and equipment. 
  Compensation and benefits   increased     $25.4 million  , or   11.6%  , due to strategic hires within HSA Bank and the Boston expansion, increased group medical, and increased benefit plans expense. 
  Occupancy   increased     $6.8 million  , or   18.3%  , primarily as result of the Boston expansion.  
  Technology and equipment decreased   $1.9 million  , or   3.1%  , primarily due to transitional service costs related to HSA's acquisition in the prior year to date's expenses. 
  Marketing   increased     $1.7 million  , or   13.5%  , due to higher advertising and promotion expenses related to the Boston expansion. 
  Professional and outside services   increased     $3.1 million  , or   38.1%  , primarily in support of strategic priorities offset by lower legal costs. 
  Deposit insurance increased   $1.8 million  , or   10.1%  , primarily due to growth in assets which increased the assessment base.  
  Other expense   increased     $13.0 million  , or   25.1%  , as a result of a favorable adjustment recorded in the prior period to the unfunded reserve related to a refined estimate of the draw down factor assumption within the reserve, a favorable adjustment recorded in the prior period related to a reduced deposit insurance assessment for prior years, and increased operational expenses as a result of HSA Bank operations growth and the Boston expansion. 
  
    50 

Table of Contents  

Income Taxes 
  Webster recognized income tax expense of   $24.4 million   and   $72.5 million  , reflecting effective tax rates of   32.1%   and   32.7%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $25.0 million   and   $69.4 million  , and   32.7%   and   31.2%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
  The decreases in both tax expense and the effective rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   2015   principally reflect a $0.7 million net state and local tax benefit recognized in the current period. The increases in both tax expense and the effective rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   2015   primarily reflect the $4.4 million reduction in the Company's valuation allowance applicable to its state deferred tax assets recognized in the three months ended June 30, 2015.  
  For more information on Webster's income taxes, including its deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, see Note 8 - Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company's 2015 Form 10-K. 
   
  Segment Results 
  Webster s operations are organized into   four   reportable segments that represent its primary businesses - Commercial Banking, Community Banking, HSA Bank, and Private Banking. Community Banking consists of the operating segments - Personal Banking and Business Banking. These four segments reflect how executive management responsibilities are assigned by the chief operating decision maker for each of the primary businesses, the products and services provided, the type of customer served, and reflects how discrete financial information is currently evaluated. The Company s Treasury unit and consumer liquidating portfolio are included in the Corporate and Reconciling category along with the amounts required to reconcile profitability metrics to GAAP reported amounts. 
  The following tables present net income (loss), selected balance sheet information, and assets under administration/management for Webster s reportable segments and the Corporate and Reconciling category for the periods presented: 

51 

Table of Contents  

Commercial Banking 
  The Commercial Banking segment includes middle market, asset-based lending, commercial real estate, equipment finance, and treasury and payment solutions, which includes government and institutional banking. Webster Bank s Commercial Banking group takes a relationship approach to providing lending, deposit, and cash management services to middle market companies predominately within its franchise territory. Additionally, it serves as a referral source to Private Banking and Community Banking. Specifically, Webster deploys local decision making through Regional Presidents and capitalizes on the expertise of its Relationship Managers to offer a compelling value proposition to customers and prospects. Webster has successfully deployed this model throughout its footprint.  
  Commercial Banking Results: 

Comparison to Prior Year Quarter  
  Net income increased   $2.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $6.7 million  , primarily due to greater loan and deposit volumes. The provision for loan and lease losses increased   $3.5 million  , due to continued growth and mix. Non-interest income increased   $2.5 million   primarily due to an increase in syndication fees. Non-interest expense increased   $3.0 million  , primarily due to compensation and benefit costs related to strategic new hires, increased costs in support of higher volumes, investment in treasury products, and loan workout expenses. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date  
  Net income increased   $1.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $14.5 million  , primarily due to greater loan and deposit volumes. The provision for loan and lease losses increased   $9.3 million  , due to continued loan growth and mix. Non-interest income increased   $6.1 million  , primarily due to an increase in syndication fees, client interest rate hedging activity, and cash management fees as compared to the same period in   2015  . Non-interest expense increased   $6.6 million  , primarily due to compensation and benefit costs related to strategic new hires, increased costs in support of higher volumes, investment in treasury products, and loan workout expenses. 
  Commercial Banking Selected Balance Sheet Information: 

Loans and leases increased   $661.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . Loan originations were   $2.0 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.9 billion   for the nine months ended September 30,   2015  . Management believes the reserve level is adequate to cover losses in the Commercial Banking portfolio. For additional discussion related to asset quality metrics, see the "Asset Quality" section elsewhere within this report.  
  Deposits increased   $579.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   primarily due to the acquisition of new clients. 
  
    52 

Table of Contents  

Community Banking 
  Community Banking serves consumer and business banking customers primarily throughout southern New England and into Westchester County, New York. This segment is comprised of the following: Personal Banking, Business Banking, and a distribution network consisting of   176   banking centers and   349   ATMs, a customer care center, telephone banking, and a full range of web and mobile-based banking services. 
  Personal Banking includes the following consumer products: deposit and fee-based services, residential mortgages, home equity lines/loans, unsecured consumer loans, and credit cards. In addition, Webster Bank's investment services division offers investment and securities-related services, including brokerage and investment advice through a strategic partnership with LPL, a broker dealer registered with the SEC, and a member of the FINRA, and the SIPC. Webster has employees who are LPL registered representatives located throughout its banking center network.  
  Business Banking offers credit, deposit, and cash flow management products to businesses and professional service firms with annual revenues of up to $25 million. This unit builds full customer relationships through business bankers and business certified banking center managers supported by a team of customer care center bankers and industry and product specialists. 
  In December 2015, the Company negotiated an agreement with Citigroup Inc. to assume 17 banking center leases located in the greater Boston market and to purchase the related leasehold improvements. The transaction, which closed in January 2016, significantly increases the Community Banking presence in the Boston market. The transaction did not include the purchase of loans or deposits, and there was no impact to the Company's financial statements in 2015. 
  Community Banking Results: 

Comparison to Prior Year Quarter  
  Net income decreased   $1.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $1.2 million  , primarily due to growth in both loans and transaction deposits, which was partially offset by the impact of a historically low interest rate environment on the value of deposits. The provision for loan and lease losses decreased   $2.0 million   due to improvements in asset quality. Non-interest income increased   $2.2 million   resulting from growth in fees from mortgage banking activities, credit card and cash management activities; partially offset by lower fees from investment management activity and lower NSF fees collected. Non-interest expense increased   $8.5 million   primarily due to $5.1 million in expenses associated with the Boston expansion as well as increases in compensation, benefits, and marketing expenses partially offset by reduced loan workout and foreclosed property expenses. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date  
  Net income decreased   $9.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $10.5 million  , primarily due to growth in both loans and deposits, which was partially offset by the impact of a historically low interest rate environment on the value of deposits. The provision for loan and lease losses decreased   $0.8 million  , due to improvements in asset quality. Non-interest income increased   $2.5 million  , primarily due to an increase in fees from mortgage banking activities, credit card and client interest rate hedging activities; partially offset by fees from lower investment management activity and lower NSF fees collected. Non-interest expense increased   $25.8 million  , primarily due to $16.6 million in expenses associated with the Boston expansion as well as increases in compensation, benefits, marketing expenses and expenses tied to branch optimization; partially offset by lower technology costs and loan workout expenses. 
  
    53 

     Table of Contents  

Community Banking Selected Balance Sheet Information and Assets Under Administration: 

Loans increased   $282.8 million   to   $7.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . The net increase is related to growth in     residential mortgages, business banking loans, and unsecured personal loans. Loan originations in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $1.7 billion   and   $1.9 billion  , respectively. The originations decrease of   $254.8 million   is due to a decrease in residential mortgage originations. 
  Deposits increased   $298.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   due to growth associated with the Boston expansion and continued growth in business and consumer transaction account balances, which was partially offset by a slight decrease in certificate of deposit and escrow balances. 
  Additionally, Webster Bank's investment services division's assets under administration increased   $210.4 million   to   $3.0 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  , in its strategic partnership with LPL. 
  
    54 

Table of Contents  

HSA Bank 
  HSA Bank offers health savings accounts, health reimbursement accounts, flexible spending accounts, and other financial solutions for employers and individuals. Health savings accounts are used in conjunction with high deductible health plans and are intended to facilitate tax advantages with respect to health care spending for taxpayers holding accounts, in accordance with applicable law. Health savings accounts are offered through employers or directly to consumers and are distributed nationwide directly and through multiple partnerships. HSA Bank deposits provide long duration low cost funding that is used to support the Company s loan growth and to reduce the Company s reliance on wholesale funding. HSA Bank generates net interest income through Webster's FTP and non-interest revenue predominantly through service and interchange fees. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $5.0 billion   in total footings (a combination of   $4.2 billion   in deposit balances and   $0.8 billion   in assets under administration through linked brokerage accounts). HSA Bank deposits accounted for   21.8%   and   21.2%   of the Company s total deposits as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
  HSA Bank Results: 

Comparison to Prior Year Quarter  
  Net income increased   $0.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $1.7 million  , reflecting the growth in deposits, somewhat offset by the change in transfer pricing methodology made due to the impact of a historically low rate environment on the value of the deposits. Non-interest income increased   $0.5 million   due to an increase in account growth. Non-interest expense increased   $1.7 million   due to increases in the operational environment to support account growth and continued investment in the operating platform. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date  
  Net income increased   $2.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $7.4 million  , reflecting the growth in deposits, somewhat offset by the change in transfer pricing methodology made due to the impact of a historically low rate environment on the value of the deposits. Non-interest income increased   $8.1 million   due to increases in account growth. Included in non-interest income is a   $2.7 million   adjustment to the fair value of a receivable reflecting contingent consideration due to the Company related to the JPM transaction. Non-interest expense increased   $11.5 million   due to JPM Chase HSA account migration activities, as well as due to support of new account growth. 
  HSA Bank Selected Balance Sheet Information and Assets Under Administration: 

Deposits increased   $385.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  , driven by organic growth.  
  Additionally, HSA Bank had   $833.4 million   in assets under administration through linked brokerage accounts   at September 30, 2016   compared to   $692.3 million     at December 31, 2015  . 
  
    55 

Table of Contents  

Private Banking 
  Private Banking provides local, full relationship banking that serves high net worth clients, not-for-profit organizations, and business clients for asset management, trust, loan, and deposit products and financial planning services. The segment is focused on generating revenues from fees earned on clients  assets under management and administration. The majority of the client relationships include lending and/or deposit accounts, which also generate revenues through net interest income, along with ancillary fee and interest rate derivative revenues. 
  Private Banking Results: 

Comparison to Prior Year Quarter  
  Net income decreased   $134 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $0.2 million  , driven by a   $44.9 million   growth in loan balances coupled with a   $16.1 million   increase in deposit balances. The provision for loan and lease losses increased   $341 thousand  . Non-interest income increased   $0.2 million   primarily due to client interest rate hedging activity. Fee income from assets under management and administration was relatively flat. Non-interest expense increased   $0.3 million  , primarily due to higher compensation and benefits. 
  Comparison to Prior Year to Date  
  Net income decreased   $160 thousand   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income increased   $0.9 million  , driven by a   $44.9 million   growth in loan balances coupled with a   $16.1 million   increase in deposit balances. The provision for loan and lease losses increased   $676 thousand  . Non-interest income increased   $0.6 million   primarily due to client interest rate hedging activity. Non-interest expense increased   $1.1 million   primarily due to higher compensation and benefits. 
  Private Banking Selected Balance Sheet Information and Assets Under Administration/Management: 

Loans increased   $27.9 million     at September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  , as loan originations and advances outpaced principal paydowns. Loan originations in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $86.1 million   and   $141.9 million  , respectively. The decrease in originations was primarily due to a lower refinance market for jumbo loans. 
  Additionally, Private Banking had approximately   $262.3 million   and   $276.1 million   in assets under administration   at September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and approximately   $1,531.1 million   and   $1,450.3 million   in assets under management   at September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Private Banking assets under administration and assets under management include assets attributable to Webster Wealth Advisers, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Webster Financial Corporation, and are administered or managed under contractual arrangements between advisory personnel of that entity and Commonwealth Financial Network, a provider of investment and insurance programs for financial institutions, a broker dealer and investment adviser registered with the SEC and a member of the FINRA and the SIPC. Such assets were   $436.5 million     at September 30, 2016   compared to   $419.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  
    56 

Table of Contents  

Financial Condition 
  Webster had total assets of   $25.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $24.6 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Loans and leases of   $16.4 billion  , net of ALLL of   $187.9 million  , at   September 30, 2016   increased   $0.9 billion   compared to loans and leases of   $15.5 billion  , net of ALLL of   $175.0 million  , at   December 31, 2015  . The increases were driven by strong loan origination activity. Total deposits of   $19.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   increased   $1.2 billion   compared to total deposits of   $18.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Non-interest-bearing and interest bearing deposits   increased     7.6%   and   6.8%  , respectively, during the period. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , total shareholders' equity of   $2.5 billion     increased     $97.7 million   compared to total shareholders' equity of   $2.4 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Changes in shareholders' equity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   included increases of   $149.5 million   for net income and   $25.0 million   in other comprehensive   income  , partially offset by   $67.0 million   in common dividends,   $6.1 million   in preferred dividends, and   $16.6 million   of treasury stock at cost. 
  The quarterly cash dividend to shareholders has been increased to   $0.25   per common share since   April 25, 2016  . See the selected financial highlights under the "Results of Operations" section and   Note 10:   Regulatory Matters   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for information on Webster s regulatory capital levels and ratios. 
   
  Investment Securities 
  Webster Bank's investment securities portfolio is managed within regulatory guidelines and corporate policy, which include limitations on aspects such as concentrations in and type of investments as well as minimum risk ratings per type of security. The OCC may establish additional individual limits on a certain type of investment if the concentration in such investment presents a safety and soundness concern. The Holding Company also may hold investment securities directly. 
  Webster maintains, through its Corporate Treasury Unit, an investment securities portfolio that is primarily structured to provide a source of liquidity for operating needs, to generate interest income, and as a means to manage interest-rate risk. The portfolio is classified into two major categories, available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. The available-for-sale portfolio consists primarily of Agency CMO, Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, CMBS, and CLO. The held-to-maturity portfolio consists primarily of Agency CMO, Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, municipal bonds and notes, and CMBS. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had no investments in obligations of individual states, counties, or municipalities which exceeded 10% of consolidated shareholders  equity. The combined carrying value of investment securities totaled   $7.1 billion   and   $6.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Available-for-sale securities   increased   by   $55.5 million  , primarily due to principal purchase activity exceeding principal paydowns. Held-to-maturity securities   increased   by   $99.3 million  , primarily due to purchase activity exceeding principal paydowns. On a tax-equivalent basis, the yield in the securities portfolio for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   2.98%   and   3.04%  , respectively. 
  The Company held   $1.4 billion   in investment securities that are in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016  . Approximately   $0.5 billion   of this total has been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months, while the remainder,   $0.9 billion  , has been in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer. The total unrealized loss was   $14.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  . These investment securities were evaluated by management and were determined not to exhibit OTTI. The Company does not have the intent to sell these investment securities, and it is more likely than not that it will not have to sell these securities before the recovery of their cost basis. To the extent that credit movements and other related factors influence the fair value of investments, the Company may be required to record impairment charges for OTTI in future periods. 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded   $149 thousand   charge for OTTI on its available-for-sale securities. The amortized cost of available-for-sale securities is net of   $3.4 million   and   $3.3 million   of OTTI at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, related to previously impaired CLO securities identified as Covered Fund investments as defined under Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, and commonly known as the Volcker Rule. 
  
    57 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of investment securities: 

The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury rate decreased to   1.60%   on   September 30, 2016   from   2.27%   on   December 31, 2015  . Webster has the ability to use the investment portfolio, as well as interest-rate financial instruments within internal policy guidelines, to hedge and administer interest-rate risk as part of its asset/liability management strategy. See   Note 12:   Derivative Financial Instruments   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information concerning derivative financial instruments.  
  Alternative Investments  
  Investments in Private Equity Funds.   The Company has investments in private equity funds. These investments, which totaled   $11.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $10.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  , are included in other assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The majority of these funds are held at cost based on ownership percentage in the fund, while some are accounted for at fair value using a net asset value. See a further discussion of fair value in   Note 13:   Fair Value Measurements   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. The Company recognized a net loss of   $183 thousand   and a net gain of   $39 thousand   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,  and net gains of   $1.2 million   and   $2.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. These amounts are included in other non-interest income in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Other Non-Marketable Investments.   The Company holds certain non-marketable investments, which include preferred share ownership in other equity ventures. These investments, which totaled   $5.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $5.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  , are included in other assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These funds are held at cost and subject to impairment testing. The Company recorded net gains of   $8 thousand   and   $47 thousand   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $27 thousand   and   $66 thousand   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, related to these investments. These amounts are included in other non-interest income in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The Volcker Rule prohibits investments in private equity funds and non-public funds that are considered Covered Funds. Conformance with the final rule is required by July 21, 2017 for certain non-compliant Covered Funds, as defined in the regulation. A compliance extension beyond July 21, 2017 may be available upon regulatory approval. 
  
    58 

Table of Contents  

Loans and Leases 
  The following table provides the composition of loans and leases:  

Total residential loans were   $4.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $170.0 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The net increase is a result of direct and correspondent originations, partially offset by payments and payoffs. 
  Total consumer loans were   $2.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $4.6 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The net increase is primarily due to the purchase of in-footprint loans. 
  Total commercial loans were   $4.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $466.3 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The net increase primarily related to new originations of   $1.3 billion  , offset by payments and payoffs.  
  Total commercial real estate loans were   $4.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $287.9 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The net increase is a result of fundings of   $805.1 million  , offset by payments and payoffs. 
  Equipment financing loans and leases were   $616.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $21.1 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The net increase primarily related to new originations of   $171.3 million  , offset by payments and payoffs. 
  Asset Quality 
  Management maintains asset quality within established risk tolerance levels through its underwriting standards, servicing, and management of loans and leases. Non-performing assets, loan and lease delinquency, and credit loss levels are considered to be key measures of asset quality. 
  The following table provides key asset quality ratios: 

(1) 
    Calculated for the   September 30, 2016   period based on the year-to-date net charge-offs, annualized. 
     
    59 

     Table of Contents  

Non-performing Assets 
  The following table provides information regarding lending-related non-performing assets: 

(1) 
    Balances by class exclude the impact of net deferred costs and unamortized premiums. 
              (2) 
    Represents the principal balance of non-performing loans and leases as a percentage of the outstanding principal balance within the comparable loan and lease category. The percentage excludes the impact of deferred costs and unamortized premiums. 
      The following table provides detail of non-performing loan and lease activity: 

60 

     Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans and Leases  
  Loans are considered impaired when, based on current information, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. Impairment is evaluated on a pooled basis for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature. Consumer and residential loans for which the borrower has been discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy are considered collateral dependent impaired loans at the date of discharge. Commercial, commercial real estate, and equipment financing loans and leases over a specific dollar amount, risk rated substandard or worse, and non-accruing, all TDRs, and all loans that have had a partial charge-off are evaluated individually for impairment. Impairment may be evaluated at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the original interest rate of the loan or at the fair value of collateral, less estimated selling costs. To the extent that an impaired loan or lease balance is collateral dependent, the Company determines the fair value of the collateral. 
  For residential and consumer collateral dependent loans, a third-party appraisal is obtained upon loan default. Fair value of the collateral for residential and consumer collateral dependent loans is reevaluated every six months, by either a new appraisal or other valuation methods. Fair value is also reassessed, with any excess amount charged off, for consumer loans that reach 180 days past due in accordance with Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council guidelines. For commercial, commercial real estate, and equipment financing collateral dependent loans and leases, Webster's impairment process requires the Company to determine the fair value of the collateral by obtaining a third-party appraisal or asset valuation, an interim valuation analysis, blue book reference, or other internal methods. Fair value of the collateral for commercial loans is reevaluated quarterly. Whenever the Company has a third-party real estate appraisal performed by independent licensed appraisers, a licensed in-house appraisal officer or qualified reviewer reviews these appraisals for compliance with the Financial Institutions Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. 
  A fair value shortfall is recorded as an impairment reserve against the ALLL. Subsequent to an appraisal or other fair value estimate, should reliable information come to management's attention that the value has declined further, additional impairment may be recorded to reflect the particular situation, thereby increasing the ALLL. Any impaired loan for which no specific valuation allowance was necessary at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is the result of either sufficient cash flow or sufficient collateral coverage of the book balance. 
  At September 30, 2016  , there were   1,667   impaired loans and leases with a recorded investment balance of   $257.7 million  , which included loans and leases of   $166.8 million   with an impairment allowance of   $19.5 million  . This compares to   1,764   impaired loans and leases with a recorded investment balance of   $279.2 million  , which included loans and leases of   $183.9 million  , with an impairment allowance of   $22.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  The overall reduction in the number of impaired loans is due primarily to small dollar consumer loans resolved during the current period. Overall commercial impaired balances did not change in the quarter due to four credits entering impaired status offset by the resolution of four credits. The reduction of   $2.7 million   in impaired reserve balance reflects management's current assessment on the resolution of these credits based on collateral considerations, guarantees, or expected future cash flows of the impaired loans. 
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  A modified loan is considered a TDR when two conditions are met: (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties; and (ii) the modification constitutes a concession. Modified terms are dependent upon the financial position and needs of the individual borrower. The Company considers all aspects of the restructuring in determining whether a concession has been granted, including the debtor's ability to access market rate funds. In general, a concession exists when the modified terms of the loan are more attractive to the borrower than standard market terms. The most common types of modifications include covenant modifications, forbearance, and/or other concessions. If the modification agreement is violated, the loan is reevaluated to determine if it should be handled by the Company s Restructuring and Recovery group for resolution, which may result in foreclosure. Loans for which the borrower has been discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy are considered collateral dependent TDRs and thus, impaired at the date of discharge and charged down to the fair value of collateral less cost to sell.  
  The Company s policy is to place consumer loan TDRs, except those that were performing prior to TDR status, on non-accrual status for a minimum period of six months. Commercial TDRs are evaluated on a case-by-case basis for determination of whether or not to place them on non-accrual status. Loans qualify for return to accrual status once they have demonstrated performance with the restructured terms of the loan agreement for a minimum of six months. Initially, all TDRs are reported as impaired. Generally, a TDR is classified as an impaired loan and reported as a TDR for the remaining life of the loan. Impaired and TDR classification may be removed if the borrower demonstrates compliance with the modified terms for a minimum of six months and through one fiscal year-end, and the restructuring agreement specifies a market rate of interest equal to that which would be provided to a borrower with similar credit at the time of restructuring. In the limited circumstance that a loan is removed from TDR classification, it is the Company s policy to continue to base its measure of loan impairment on the contractual terms specified by the loan agreement. 
  
    61 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide information for TDRs: 

Overall, TDR balances declined   $36.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015  . The decline is primarily a result of a resolution of one large commercial credit that was charged down in the first quarter. In the prior quarter, three commercial credits paid off while two were added. The   September 30, 2016   specific reserves for TDRs declined from year end, and reflects management s current assessment of reserve requirements. 
  Delinquent loans and leases 
  The following table provides information regarding loans and leases past due 30 days or more and accruing income: 

(1) 
    Past due loan and lease balances exclude non-accrual loans and leases. 
              (2) 
    Represents the principal balance of past due loans and leases as a percentage of the outstanding principal balance within the comparable loan and lease category. The percentage excludes the impact of deferred costs and unamortized premiums. 

62 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Methodology 
  The ALLL is maintained at a level deemed sufficient by management to cover probable losses in the loan and lease portfolios. Executive management reviews and advises on the adequacy of these reserves. The ALLL policy is considered a critical accounting policy. 
  The quarterly process for estimating probable losses is based on predictive models, the current risk profile of loan portfolios, and other relevant factors. Management's judgment and assumptions influence loss estimates and ALLL balances. Management considers factors such as the nature and volume of portfolio growth, national and regional economic conditions and trends, and other internal performance metrics, and how each of these factors is expected to impact near term loss trends. While actual future conditions and realized losses may vary significantly from assumptions, management believes the ALLL is adequate as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Webster s methodology for assessing an appropriate level of the ALLL includes three key elements: 
             
    Impaired loans and leases are either analyzed on an individual or pooled basis and assessed for specific reserves based on collateral, cash flow, and probability of re-default specific to each loan or lease; 
                
    Loans and leases with similar risk characteristics are segmented into homogeneous pools and modeled using quantitative methods. The commercial portfolio loss estimate is based on the expected loss methodology specifically, probability of default and loss given default. Changes in risk ratings and other risk factors, for both performing and non-performing loans and leases, will affect the calculation of the allowance. Residential and consumer portfolio loss estimates are based on roll rate models. Key assumptions that impact forecasted losses are refreshed at least annually. These include the LEP that determines the forecast horizon for each portfolio, and the LBP that determines the amount of historical data used to calculate probability of default, loss given default, and delinquency migration rates. Webster Bank considers other quantitative contributing factors for risks impacting the performance of loan portfolios that are not explicitly included in the quantitative models and may adjust loss estimates based on these factors. Contributing factors may include, but are not limited to, collateral values, unemployment, and other changes in economic activity, and internal performance metrics; and 
                
    Webster Bank also considers qualitative factors that are not explicitly factored in the quantitative models but that can have an incremental or regressive impact on losses incurred in the current loan and lease portfolio. Examples include staffing levels, credit concentrations, and macro-economic trends. The quantitative and qualitative contributing factors are consistent with interagency regulatory guidance. 
     As part of the Company's annual review and update of ALLL assumptions, management has performed an analysis of the loss emergence period (LEP) for both commercial and consumer loans, using charge-off data, servicing data and behavioral data. The analysis confirms the current LEP for each line of business. Management also annually updates the probabilities of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) that serve as the basis for the Commercial loss models. PD/LGD s were updated this quarter to include the most recent year of default and charge-off data. An analysis of the look back periods (LBP) used in the Commercial and Consumer loss models is performed in conjunction with the PD/LGD update. The Commercial models continue to use a LBP that goes back to 2007, with the more recent 2011-2015 years weighted more heavily than the 2007-2010 prior years. Consumer models continue to use a one year LBP. The updates, coupled with the update of the qualitative factors, did not have a material impact on the overall ALLL. 
  ALLL reserve coverage for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased to   1.13%   compared to   1.12%   at   December 31, 2015  , reflecting an updated assessment of probable losses. The ALLL reserve remains adequate to cover probable losses in the loan and lease portfolios. The asset quality of the portfolio remained relatively steady with high quality originations and a small increase in classified loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Webster Bank has credit policies and procedures in place designed to support loan growth within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. To assist management with its review, reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, non-performing loans, and potential problem loans are generated by loan reporting systems. 
  Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate and service its debt. Underwriting standards are designed in support for the promotion of relationships rather than transactional banking. Once it is determined that the borrower s management possesses sound ethics and solid business acumen, the Company examines current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay obligations as agreed. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers; however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed and may incorporate personal guarantees of the principals.  
  Commercial real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and industrial loans, in addition to those specific to real estate loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured  
  
    63 

     Table of Contents  

by real estate. Repayment of these loans is largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan, the market in which the property is located, and the tenants of the property securing the loan. The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and geographic location, which reduces the Company's exposure to adverse economic events that may affect a particular market. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography, and risk grade criteria. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The Company also utilizes third-party experts to provide insight and guidance about economic conditions and trends affecting its commercial real estate loan portfolio. 
  Commercial construction loans have unique risk characteristics and are provided to experienced developers/sponsors with strong track records of successful completion and sound financial condition and are underwritten utilizing feasibility studies, independent appraisals, sensitivity analysis of absorption and lease rates, and financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Commercial construction loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. These estimates may be subject to change as the construction project proceeds. In addition, these loans often include partial or full completion guarantees. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property, or an interim loan commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are closely monitored with on-site inspections by third-party professionals and the Company's internal staff. 
  Policies and procedures are in place to manage consumer loan risk and are developed and modified, as needed. Policies and procedures, coupled with relatively small loan amounts, and predominately collateralized structures spread across many individual borrowers, minimize risk. Trend and outlook reports are reviewed by management on a regular basis. Underwriting factors for mortgage and home equity loans include the borrower s FICO score, the loan amount relative to property value, and the borrower s debt to income level and are also influenced by regulatory requirements. Additionally, Webster Bank originates both qualified mortgage and non-qualified mortgage loans as defined by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rules that went into effect on January 10, 2014, with appropriate policies, procedures, and underwriting guidelines that include ability-to-repay standards. 
  The ALLL methodology for groups of loans collectively evaluated for impairment is comprised of both a quantitative and qualitative analysis. A key assumption in the quantitative component of the reserve is the LEP, which is an estimate of the average amount of time from an event signaling the potential inability of a borrower to continue to pay as agreed to the point at which a loss on that loan is confirmed. In general, the LEP is expected to be shorter in an economic slowdown or recession and longer during times of economic stability or growth as customers are better able to delay loss confirmation after a potential loss event has occurred. Another key ALLL assumption is the LBP, which represents the historical period of time over which data is used to estimate loss rates. Commercial loss models use an LBP that extends from 2007 through the first half of 2016.  
  At   September 30, 2016   the ALLL was   $187.9 million   compared to   $175.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase of   $12.9 million   in the reserve at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to continued growth in the commercial portfolio. The ALLL as a percentage of the total loan and lease portfolio increased to   1.13%   at   September 30, 2016   from   1.12%   at   December 31, 2015  , reflecting an updated assessment of embedded losses. The ALLL as a percentage of total non-performing loans and leases increased to   146.57%   at   September 30, 2016   from   125.05%   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  The following table provides an allocation of the ALLL by portfolio segment: 

(1) 
    Percentage represents allocated ALLL to total loans and leases within the comparable category. However, the allocation of a portion of the ALLL to one category of loans and leases does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 

64 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides detail of activity in the ALLL: 

The following table provides a summary of total net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans and leases by category: 

(1) 
    Total net charge-offs to total average loans and leases.     Calculated based on period to date net charge-offs (recoveries), annualized. 
     Net charge-offs decreased   $1.1 million   and increased   $9.1 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily due to one large charge off in the first quarter of this year. 
  
    65 

Table of Contents  

Sources of Funds and Liquidity 
  Sources of Funds  .   The primary source of Webster Bank s cash flows for use in lending and meeting its general operational needs is deposits. Operating activities, such as loan and mortgage-backed securities repayments, and securities sale proceeds and maturities, also provide cash flows. While scheduled loan and security repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, loan and investment security prepayments and deposit inflows are influenced by prevailing interest rates and local economic conditions and are inherently uncertain. Additional sources of funds are provided by FHLB advances or other borrowings. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank Stock.   Webster Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of twelve district Federal Home Loan Banks, each subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. An activity-based FHLB capital stock investment is required in order for Webster Bank to access advances and other extensions of credit for sources of funds and liquidity purposes. The FHLB capital stock investment is restricted in that there is no market for it, and it can only be redeemed by the FHLB. Webster Bank held   $134.4 million   of FHLB capital stock at   September 30, 2016   and   $137.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  , for its membership and for outstanding advances and other extensions of credit. On   August 2, 2016  , the FHLB paid a cash dividend equal to an annual yield of   3.65%  . 
  Additionally, Webster Bank is required to hold FRB stock equal to 6% of its capital and surplus of which 50% is paid. The remaining 50% is subject to call when deemed necessary by the FRB. The FRB capital stock investment is restricted in that there is no market for it, and it can only be redeemed by the FRB. At both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Webster Bank held   $50.7 million   of FRB capital stock. Beginning in 2016, the semi-annual dividend payment from the FRB will be calculated as the lesser of three percent or yield of the 10-year Treasury note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of the dividend. 
  Deposits.   Webster Bank offers a wide variety of deposit products for checking and savings (including: ATM and debit card use, direct deposit, ACH payments, combined statements, mobile banking services, internet-based banking, bank by mail, as well as overdraft protection via line of credit or transfer from another deposit account) designed to meet the transactional, savings, and investment needs for both consumer and business customers throughout   176   banking centers within its primary market area. Webster Bank manages the flow of funds in its deposit accounts and provides a variety of accounts and rates consistent with FDIC regulations. Webster Bank s Retail Pricing Committee and its Commercial and Institutional Liability Pricing Committee meet regularly to determine pricing and marketing initiatives. 
  Total deposits were   $19.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $18.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   is predominately related to health savings accounts   up     $0.4 billion   and money market accounts   up     $0.4 billion  . See   Note 7:   Deposits   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
  Borrowings.   Utilized as a source of funding for liquidity and interest rate risk management purposes, borrowings primarily consist of FHLB advances and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, whereby securities are delivered to counterparties under an agreement to repurchase the securities at a fixed price in the future. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , FHLB advances totaled   $2.6 billion   and   $2.7 billion  , respectively. Webster Bank had additional borrowing capacity from the FHLB of approximately   $1.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.2 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Webster Bank also had additional borrowing capacity at the FRB of   $0.6 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . In addition, unpledged securities of   $4.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   could have been used to increase borrowing capacity by   $3.4 billion   at the FHLB or   $3.3 billion   at the FRB, or alternatively used to collateralize other borrowings such as repurchase agreements. 
  In addition, Webster Bank may utilize term and overnight Fed funds to meet short-term liquidity needs. The Company's long-term debt consists of senior fixed-rate notes maturing in 2024 and junior subordinated notes maturing in 2033. Total borrowed funds were   $3.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $4.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Borrowings represented   14.1%   and   16.4%   of total assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The reduction in borrowings was primarily related to FHLB advances maturing within one year and Fed funds purchased. For additional information, see   Note 8:   Borrowings   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. 
  Liquidity  .   Webster meets its cash flow requirements at an efficient cost under various operating environments through proactive liquidity management at both the Holding Company and Webster Bank. Liquidity comes from a variety of cash flow sources such as operating activities, including principal and interest payments on loans and investments, or financing activities, including unpledged securities, which can be sold or utilized to secure funding, and new deposits. Webster is committed to maintaining a strong, increasing base of core deposits to support growth in its loan and lease portfolio. Liquidity is reviewed and managed in order to maintain stable, cost effective funding to promote overall balance sheet strength. Net cash provided by operating activities was   $186.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $182.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  
    66 

     Table of Contents  

Holding Company Liquidity.   The primary source of liquidity at the Holding Company is dividends from Webster Bank. To a lesser extent, investment income, net proceeds from investment sales, borrowings, and public offerings may provide additional liquidity. The main uses of liquidity are the payment of principal and interest to holders of senior notes and capital securities, the payment of dividends to preferred and common shareholders, repurchases of its common stock, and purchases of available-for-sale securities. There are certain restrictions on the payment of dividends by Webster Bank to the Holding Company, which is described in the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation" in Item 1 of Webster s   2015   Form 10-K. At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $288.7 million   of retained earnings available for the payment of dividends by Webster Bank to the Holding Company. Webster Bank paid   $115 million   in dividends to the Holding Company during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company has a common stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors, with   $15.5 million   of remaining repurchase authority at   September 30, 2016  . In addition, Webster periodically acquires common shares outside of the repurchase program related to stock compensation plan activity. The Company records the purchase of shares of common stock at cost based on the settlement date for these transactions. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , a total of   509,703   shares of common stock were repurchased at a cost of approximately   $16.6 million  , of which   350,000   shares were purchased under the common stock repurchase program at a cost of approximately   $11.2 million  , and   159,703   shares were purchased related to stock compensation plan activity at a cost of approximately   $5.4 million  . 
  Webster Bank Liquidity.   Webster Bank's primary source of funding is core deposits, consisting of demand, checking, savings, health savings, and money market accounts. The primary use of this funding is for loan portfolio growth. Webster Bank had a loan to total deposit ratio of   86.6%   and   87.3%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Webster Bank is required by OCC regulations to maintain liquidity sufficient to ensure safe and sound operations. Whether liquidity is adequate, as assessed by the OCC, depends on such factors as the overall asset/liability structure, market conditions, competition, and the nature of the institution s deposit and loan customers. Webster Bank exceeded all regulatory liquidity requirements as of   September 30, 2016  . Webster has a detailed liquidity contingency plan designed to respond to liquidity concerns in a prompt and comprehensive manner. It is designed to provide early detection of potential problems and details specific actions required to address liquidity stress scenarios. 
  Applicable OCC regulations require Webster Bank, as a commercial bank, to satisfy certain minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements. As an OCC regulated commercial institution, it is also subject to a minimum tangible capital requirement. As of   September 30, 2016  , Webster Bank was in compliance with all applicable capital requirements and exceeded the FDIC requirements for a well-capitalized institution. See   Note 10:   Regulatory Matters   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for a further discussion of regulatory requirements applicable to Webster Financial Corporation and Webster Bank. 
  The liquidity position of the Company is continuously monitored, and adjustments are made to the balance between sources and uses of funds as deemed appropriate. Management is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, capital resources, or operations. In addition, management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity, which, if implemented, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Webster engages in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP, are not recorded in the financial statements or are recorded in amounts that differ from the notional amounts. Such transactions are utilized in the normal course of business, for general corporate purposes or for customer financing needs. Corporate purpose transactions are structured to manage credit, interest rate, and liquidity risks, or to optimize capital. Customer transactions are structured to manage their funding requirements or facilitate certain trade arrangements. These transactions give rise to, in varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Webster did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions that would have a material effect on its financial condition. For additional information, see   Note 17:   Commitments and Contingencies   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. 
  
    67 

Table of Contents  

Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk 
  An effective asset/liability management process must balance the risks and rewards from both short and long-term interest rate risks in determining management strategy and action. To facilitate and manage this process, interest rate sensitivity is monitored on an ongoing basis by ALCO. The primary goal of ALCO is to manage interest rate risk to maximize net income and net economic value over time in changing interest rate environments subject to Board approved risk limits. The Board sets policy limits for earnings at risk for parallel ramps in interest rates over twelve months of plus and minus 100 and 200 basis points. Economic value or "equity at risk" limits are set for parallel shocks in interest rates of plus and minus 100 and 200 basis points. Based on the historic lows in short-term interest rates at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the declining interest rate scenarios for both the earnings at risk for parallel ramps and the equity at risk for parallel shocks have been temporarily suspended per ALCO policy. ALCO also regularly reviews earnings at risk scenarios for non-parallel changes in rates, as well as longer-term earnings at risk for up to four years in the future. 
  Management measures interest rate risk using simulation analysis to calculate earnings and equity at risk. These risk measures are quantified using simulation software from one of the leading firms in the field of asset/liability modeling. Key assumptions relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, prepayment speeds, and the run-off of deposits. From such simulations, interest rate risk is quantified, and appropriate strategies are formulated and implemented. 
  Earnings at risk is defined as the change in earnings (excluding provision for loan and lease losses and income tax expense) due to changes in interest rates. Interest rates are assumed to change up or down in a parallel fashion, and earnings results are compared to a flat rate scenario as a base. The flat rate scenario holds the end of the period yield curve constant over the twelve month forecast horizon. Earnings simulation analysis incorporates assumptions about balance sheet changes such as asset and liability growth, loan and deposit pricing, and changes to the mix of assets and liabilities. It is a measure of short-term interest rate risk. Equity at risk is defined as the change in the net economic value of assets and liabilities due to changes in interest rates compared to a base net economic value. Equity at risk analyzes sensitivity in the present value of cash flows over the expected life of existing assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet contracts. It is a measure of the long-term interest rate risk to future earnings streams embedded in the current balance sheet. 
  Asset sensitivity is defined as earnings or net economic value increasing compared to a base scenario when interest rates rise and decreasing when interest rates fall. In other words, assets are more sensitive to changing interest rates than liabilities and, therefore, re-price faster. Likewise, liability sensitivity is defined as earnings or net economic value decreasing compared to a base scenario when interest rates rise and increasing when interest rates fall. 
  Key assumptions underlying the present value of cash flows include the behavior of interest rates and spreads, asset prepayment speeds, and attrition rates on deposits. Cash flow projections from the model are compared to market expectations for similar collateral types and adjusted based on experience with Webster Bank's own portfolio. The model's valuation results are compared to observable market prices for similar instruments whenever possible. The behavior of deposit and loan customers is studied using historical time series analysis to model future customer behavior under varying interest rate environments. 
  The equity at risk simulation process uses multiple interest rate paths generated by an arbitrage-free trinomial lattice term structure model. The Base Case rate scenario, against which all others are compared, uses the month-end LIBOR/Swap yield curve as a starting point to derive forward rates for future months. Using interest rate swap option volatilities as inputs, the model creates multiple rate paths for this scenario with forward rates as the mean. In shock scenarios, the starting yield curve is shocked up or down in a parallel fashion. Future rate paths are then constructed in a similar manner to the Base Case. 
  Cash flows for all instruments are generated using product specific prepayment models and account specific system data for properties such as maturity date, amortization type, coupon rate, repricing frequency, and repricing date. The asset/liability simulation software is enhanced with a mortgage prepayment model and a Collateralized Mortgage Obligation database. Instruments with explicit options such as caps, floors, puts and calls, and implicit options such as prepayment and early withdrawal ability require such a rate and cash flow modeling approach to more accurately quantify value and risk. On the asset side, risk is impacted the most by mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, which can typically prepay at any time without penalty and may have embedded caps and floors. In the loan portfolio, floors are a benefit to interest income in this low rate environment. Floating-rate loans at floors pay a higher interest rate than a loan at a fully indexed rate without a floor, as with a floor there is a limit on how low the interest rate can fall. As market rates rise, however, the interest rate paid on these loans does not rise until the fully indexed rate rises through the contractual floor. On the liability side, there is a large concentration of customers with indeterminate maturity deposits who have options to add or withdraw funds from their accounts at any time. Webster Bank also has the option to change the interest rate paid on these deposits at any time. 
  Webster's earnings at risk model incorporates net interest income, non-interest income and expense items, some of which vary with interest rates. These items include mortgage banking income, servicing rights, cash management fees, and derivative mark-to-market adjustments. 
  
    68 

     Table of Contents  

Four main tools are used for managing interest rate risk: 
             
    the size and duration of the investment portfolio, 
                
    the size and duration of the wholesale funding portfolio, 
                
    off-balance sheet interest rate contracts, and  
                
    the pricing and structure of loans and deposits. 
     ALCO meets at least monthly to make decisions on the investment and funding portfolios based on the economic outlook, the Committee's interest rate expectations, the risk position, and other factors. ALCO delegates pricing and product design responsibilities to individuals and sub-committees but monitors and influences their actions on a regular basis. 
  Various interest rate contracts, including futures and options, interest rate swaps, and interest rate caps and floors can be used to manage interest rate risk. These interest rate contracts involve, to varying degrees, credit risk and interest rate risk. Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur if a counterparty to a transaction fails to perform according to the terms of the contract. The notional amount of interest rate contracts is the amount upon which interest and other payments are based. The notional amount is not exchanged, and therefore, should not be taken as a measure of credit risk. See   Note 12:   Derivative Financial Instruments   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
  Certain derivative instruments, primarily forward sales of mortgage-backed securities, are utilized by Webster Bank in its efforts to manage risk of loss associated with its mortgage banking activities. Prior to closing and funds disbursement, an interest-rate lock commitment is generally extended to the borrower. During such time, Webster Bank is subject to risk that market rates of interest may change impacting pricing on loan sales. In an effort to mitigate this risk, forward delivery sales commitments are established, thereby setting the sales price. 
  The following table summarizes the estimated impact that gradual parallel changes in income of 100 and 200 basis points, over a twelve month period starting   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , might have on Webster s NII for the subsequent twelve month period compared to NII assuming no change in interest rates: 

The following table summarizes the estimated impact that gradual parallel changes in interest rates of 100 and 200 basis points, over a twelve month period starting   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , might have on Webster s PPNR for the subsequent twelve month period compared to PPNR assuming no change in interest rates: 

Interest rates are assumed to change up or down in a parallel fashion, and NII and PPNR results in each scenario are compared to a flat rate scenario as a base. The flat rate scenario holds the end of period yield curve constant over a twelve month forecast horizon. The flat rate scenario as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   assumed a Fed Funds rate of 0.5%. Asset sensitivity for both NII and PPNR on   September 30, 2016   was higher as compared to   December 31, 2015  , due to slightly increased forecast prepay speeds in the investment portfolio, along with increased health savings accounts and demand deposit balances. Since the Fed Funds rate was at 0.5% on   September 30, 2016  , the -100 and -200 basis point scenarios have been excluded. 
  Webster can also hold futures, options, and forward foreign currency contracts to minimize the price volatility of certain assets and liabilities. Changes in the market value of these positions are recognized in earnings. 
  The following table summarizes the estimated impact that immediate non-parallel changes in income might have on Webster s NII for the subsequent twelve month period starting   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following table summarizes the estimated impact that immediate non-parallel changes in interest rates might have on Webster s PPNR for the subsequent twelve month period starting   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

69 

     Table of Contents  

The non-parallel scenarios are modeled with the short end of the yield curve moving up or down 50 and 100 basis points, while the long end of the yield curve remains unchanged and vice versa. The short end of the yield curve is defined as terms of less than eighteen months, and the long end as terms of greater than eighteen months. These results above reflect the annualized impact of immediate rate changes. The actual impact can be uneven during the year especially in the short end scenarios where asset yields tied to Prime or LIBOR change immediately, while certain deposit rate changes take more time.  
  Sensitivity to increases in the short end of the yield curve for NII and PPNR increased from   December 31, 2015   due to higher forecasted health savings accounts and demand deposit balances. Sensitivity to decreases in the long end of the yield curve was more negative than at   December 31, 2015   in both NII and PPNR due to increased forecasted prepayment speeds in the residential loan and investment portfolios. 
  Sensitivity to increases in the long end of the yield curve was more positive than   December 31, 2015   in both NII and PPNR due to increased forecast prepayment speeds in the residential loan and investment portfolios. 
  The following table summarizes the estimated economic value of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet contracts at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and the projected change to economic values if interest rates instantaneously increase or decrease by 100 basis points: 

Changes in economic value can be best described using duration. Duration is a measure of the price sensitivity of financial instruments for small changes in interest rates. For fixed-rate instruments, it can also be thought of as the weighted-average expected time to receive future cash flows. For floating-rate instruments, it can be thought of as the weighted-average expected time until the next rate reset. The longer the duration, the greater the price sensitivity for given changes in interest rates. Floating-rate instruments may have durations as short as one day and, therefore, have very little price sensitivity due to changes in interest rates. Increases in interest rates typically reduce the value of fixed-rate assets as future discounted cash flows are worth less at higher discount rates. A liability's value decreases for the same reason in a rising rate environment. A reduction in value of a liability is a benefit to Webster. 
  Duration gap is the difference between the duration of assets and the duration of liabilities. A duration gap near zero implies that the balance sheet is matched and would exhibit no change in estimated economic value for a small change in interest rates. Webster's duration gap was   negative     1.1   years at   September 30, 2016  . At   December 31, 2015  , the duration gap was   negative     1.0   years. A negative duration gap implies that liabilities are longer than assets and, therefore, they have more price sensitivity than assets and will reset their interest rates slower than assets. Consequently, Webster's net estimated economic value would generally be expected to increase when interest rates rise as the benefit of the decreased value of liabilities would more than offset the decreased value of assets. The opposite would generally be expected to occur when interest rates fall. Earnings would also generally be expected to increase when interest rates rise and decrease when interest rates fall over the longer term absent the effects of new business booked in the future. The change in Webster's duration gap is due primarily to the increase in health savings accounts and demand deposit balances as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  These estimates assume that management does not take any action to mitigate any positive or negative effects from changing interest rates. The earnings and economic values estimates are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ. Management believes that Webster's interest rate risk position at   September 30, 2016   represents a reasonable level of risk given the current interest rate outlook. Management, as always, is prepared to act in the event that interest rates do change rapidly. 
  
    70 

     Table of Contents  

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
  Unlike most industrial companies, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of a banking institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on Webster's performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the price of goods and services. 
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Information regarding quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appears in the "Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk" section of Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016   for recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting the information the Company is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. There were no changes made in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
    71 

Table of Contents  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  From time to time, Webster and its subsidiaries are subject to certain legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Management presently believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not be material to Webster or its consolidated financial position. Webster establishes an accrual for specific legal matters when it determines that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur that could cause Webster to adjust its litigation accrual or could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, or operating results. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Webster's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  The following table provides information with respect to any purchase of equity securities of Webster Financial Corporation's common stock made by or on behalf of Webster or any "affiliated purchaser," as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    On December 6, 2012, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved the current common stock repurchase program which authorizes management to repurchase, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions and other factors, up to a maximum of $100 million of common stock, and will remain in effect until fully utilized or until modified, superseded, or terminated. 
     All   5,869   shares purchased during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were acquired outside of the repurchase program related to stock compensation plan activity, at market prices. 
           (2) 
    On June 3, 2011, the Company announced that, with approval from its Board of Directors, it had repurchased a significant number of the warrants issued as part of Webster's participation in the U.S. Treasury's Capital Purchase Program in a public auction conducted on behalf of the U.S. Treasury. The Board approved plan provides for additional repurchases from time-to-time, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. There remain   53,027   outstanding warrants to purchase a share (1:1) of the Company's common stock, which carry an exercise price of $18.28 per share and expire on November 21, 2018. 
     Restrictions on Dividends 
  Holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as the Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Also, as a bank holding company, the ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations. See   Note 10:   Regulatory Matters   in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report for additional information. 
  The Company has 5,060,000 outstanding Depository Shares, each representing 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.40% Series E Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (or $25 per depository share). The Series E Preferred Stock is redeemable at Webster's option, in whole or in part, on December 15, 2017, or any dividend payment date thereafter, or in whole but not in part, upon a "regulatory capital treatment event" as defined in the Prospectus Supplement. The terms of the Series E Preferred Stock prohibit the Company from declaring or paying any cash dividends on its common stock, unless Webster has declared and paid full dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period. 
  
    72 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  Not applicable 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable 
   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  Not applicable 
   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  The exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits and are incorporated herein by reference. 
  
    73 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

Registrant 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ James C. Smith 

James C. Smith 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ Glenn I. MacInnes 

Glenn I. MacInnes 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ Gregory S. Madar 

Gregory S. Madar 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

74 

Table of Contents  

WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  EXHIBIT INDEX 

+ This exhibit shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

75 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31109-30x2016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, James C. Smith, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Webster Financial Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
       
  Date:   November 7, 2016    

/s/ James C. Smith 
      James C. Smith 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31209-30x2016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Glenn I. MacInnes, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Webster Financial Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
       
  Date:   November 7, 2016    

/s/ Glenn I. MacInnes 
      
      Glenn I. MacInnes 
      
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32109-30x2016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Webster Financial Corporation (the  Company ) hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof:  
    
           (a) 
    the Form 10-Q Report of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (b) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:   November 7, 2016    
                 
      /s/ James C. Smith 
      James C. Smith 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.  
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32209-30x2016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Webster Financial Corporation (the  Company ) hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof:  
    
           (a) 
    the Form 10-Q Report of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (b) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:   November 7, 2016    

/s/ Glenn I. MacInnes 
      
      Glenn I. MacInnes 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.  
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wbs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wbs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wbs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wbs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wbs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wbs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

