<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_356590_0001654954-16-003918_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2148967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72766</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>124649</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>745456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>655034</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>489496</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003918.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003918
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000356590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				830250943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10210
		FILM NUMBER:		161993466

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 SIXTH AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-204-7926

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 SIXTH AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TREE TOP INDUSTRIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOHEALTH MD INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUGGET EXPLORATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003918.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 gtii_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q 

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
Quarterly Period Ended 

September
30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
Transition period from _______________ to
______________ 

Commission
File Number: 000-10210  

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

NEVADA 

83-0250943 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes   No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
One). 

Large
accelerated filer 

Accelerated
filer 

Non-accelerated
filer 

(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting
company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   NO

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable
date. 

As of
September 15, 2016 the number of shares outstanding of the
registrant s class of common stock was
109,327,990. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Pages 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

3 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements 

3 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 

3 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and
Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

4 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

5 

Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

6 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

14 

Item
3. 

Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

18 

Item
4. 

Controls and
Procedures 

18 

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION 

19 

Item
1. 

Legal
Proceedings 

19 

Item
2. 

Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

19 

Item
3. 

Defaults Upon
Senior Securities 

19 

Item
5. 

Other
Information 

20 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

20 

SIGNATURES 

22 

2 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC.  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

5 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

NOTE 1 - CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared by GLOBAL TECH
INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. ( the Company ) without audit.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only
normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows at
September 30, 2016, and for all periods presented herein, have been
made. 

Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America have been
condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed
financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto included in the Company's December 31,
2015 audited financial statements. The results of operations for
the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results for the full year. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries as disclosed in
Item 2 below. All significant inter-company balances and
transactions have been eliminated. 

NOTE 2
- GOING CONCERN 

The
Company's financial statements are prepared using generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of
assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of
business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of
revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to
continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate
capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If
the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be
forced to cease operations. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among
other things, additional capital resources. Management's plan is to
obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from
management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its
operating expenses and seeking equity and/or debt financing.
However management cannot provide any assurances that the Company
will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in
the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of
financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be
necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

NOTE 3
- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Use of
Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Beneficial
Conversion Feature of Debentures and Convertible Notes
Payable 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 470-20, Accounting for Convertible
Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently
Adjustable Conversion Ratios, we recognize the advantageous value
of conversion rights attached to convertible debt. Such rights give
the debt holder the ability to convert his debt into common stock
at a price per share that is less than the trading price to the
public on the day the loan is made to us. The beneficial value is
calculated as the intrinsic value (the market price of the stock at
the commitment date in excess of the conversion rate) of the
beneficial conversion feature of the debentures and related
accruing interest, and is recorded as a discount to the related
debt and an addition to additional paid in capital. The discount is
amortized over the remaining outstanding period of related debt
using the straight-line method. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

No
accounting pronouncements were issued during the second quarter of
2016 that would have a material effect on the accounting policies
of the Company when adopted. 

6 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

Oil and
Gas Interests 

The
Company utilizes the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas
activities. Under this method, subject to a limitation based on
estimated value, all costs associated with property acquisition,
exploration and development, including costs of unsuccessful
exploration; are capitalized within a cost center. No gain or loss
is recognized upon the sale or abandonment of undeveloped or
producing oil and gas interests unless the sale represents a
significant portion of oil and gas interests and the gain
significantly alters the relationship between capitalized costs and
proved oil and gas reserves of the cost center. Depreciation,
depletion and amortization of oil and gas interests are computed on
the units of production method based on proved reserves.
Amortizable costs include estimates of future development costs of
proved undeveloped reserves. 

Capitalized
costs of oil and gas interests may not exceed an amount equal to
the present value, discounted at 10%, of the estimated future net
cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost, or
estimated fair market value, if lower, of unproved interests.
Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling, an impairment is
recognized. The present value of estimated future net cash flows is
computed by applying average prices, in the preceding twelve
months, of oil and gas to estimated future production of proved oil
and gas reserves as of year-end, less estimated future expenditures
to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and
assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. 

The oil
and gas interests were purchased with the issuance of 46,685,300
shares and were valued at market value at the grant date as
$513,538. However at December 31, 2012, due to a mechanics lien and
impairment of title to the assets, the Company impaired the
recorded cost, leaving no value associated with the acquisition.
The Company recorded an impairment on long lived assets in the
amount of $513,538. 

Asset
Retirement Obligation 

The
Company follows FASB ASC 410-20  "Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations,"  which addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of
tangible long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement
costs. 

FASB
ASC 410-20 requires recognition of the present value of obligations
associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets in the
period in which it is incurred. The liability is capitalized as
part of the related long-lived asset's carrying
amount. 

Over
time, accretion of the liability is recognized as an operating
expense and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the expected
useful life of the related asset. The Company's asset retirement
obligations are related to the plugging, dismantlement, removal,
site reclamation and similar activities of its oil and gas
exploration activities. 

Investments
at Cost 

The
Company accounts for its investment in private entities using the
equity method for investments where the Company s shares held
are in excess of 20% of the outstanding shares of the investee. The
Company acquired a 25% equity investment in three entities from
Brazil as part of the assets of the ARUR acquisition in December
2012. Due to the inactivity of the entities, the Company did not
allocate any purchase price to these investments. The Company
evaluates its cost in investments for impairment of value annually.
If cost investments become marketable they are reclassified to
Marketable Securities-Available for Sale. 

Marketable
Securities-Available for Sale 

The
Company purchased marketable securities during 2012, 2015 and 2016.
The Company's marketable securities are classified as "available
for sale". Accordingly, the Company originally recognizes the
shares at the market value purchased. The shares are evaluated
quarterly using the specific identification method. Any unrealized
holding gains or losses are reported as Other Comprehensive Income
and as a separate component of stockholder's equity. Realized gains
and losses are included in earnings. Also other than temporary
impairments are recorded as a loss on marketable securities in the
statements of operations. 

7 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

NOTE 3
- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Marketable
Securities-Available for Sale (Continued) 

Marketable
securities are as follows at September 30, 2016: 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

On
January 1, 2008, the Company adopted ASC 820,  Fair Value
Measurements    ASC 820 defines fair value,
establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of
fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for
fair value measures. The three levels are defined as
follows: 

o 

Level
1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets. 

o 

Level
2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
instrument. 

o 

Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and
significant to the fair measurement. 

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash
equivalents, and current liabilities each qualify as financial
instruments and are a reasonable estimate of fair value because of
the short period of time between the origination of such
instruments and their expected realization and their current market
rate of interest. The carrying value of notes payable approximates
fair value because negotiated terms and conditions are consistent
with current market rates as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

Marketable
securities are reported at the quoted and listed market rates of
the securities held at the period end. 

The
following table presents the Company s Marketable securities
and Notes Payable within the fair value hierarchy utilized to
measure fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

The
following table presents a Level 3 reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balances of the fair value measurements using
significant unobservable inputs as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

8 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NetThruster,
Inc., BioEnergy Applied Technologies Inc., GoHealthMD, Inc., MLN,
Inc., Eye Care Centers International, Inc., GoHealthMD Nano
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., TTI Strategic Acquisitions and Equity Group,
Inc. and TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. All subsidiaries of the Company
except TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. and TTII Strategic Acquisitions,
currently have no financial activity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and
cash equivalents are maintained with major financial institutions
in the U S. Deposits held with these banks at times exceed $250,000
of insurance provided on such deposits. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and believes that it is not
exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash
equivalents. There were no cash equivalents at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

Accounts
Receivable/Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 

The
Company regularly assesses the collectability of its accounts
receivable, and considers receivables with aging exceeding 120 days
to be potentially uncollectible. Management will analyze the need
for an allowance for doubtful accounts at that time. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there are no allowances
recorded. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with
the provisions of ASC 718. ASC 718 requires all share-based
payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options,
to be recognized in the financial statements based on the
grant-date fair value of the award. That cost will be recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide
service in exchange for the reward- known as the requisite service
period. No compensation cost is recognized for equity instruments
for which employees do not render the requisite service. The
grant-date fair value of employee share options and similar
instruments are estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing
model adjusted for the unique characteristics of those
instruments. 

Equity
instruments issued to non-employees are recorded at their fair
values as determined in accordance with ASC 718 and ASC 595,
 Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other
Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling Goods
and Services , and are periodically revalued as the stock
options vest and are recognized as expense over the related service
period. 

Basic
and Diluted Loss per Share 

The
Company calculates earnings per share in accordance with ASC 260,
 Computation of Earnings Per Share.  Basic loss per
share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share gives effect
to dilutive convertible securities, options, warrants and other
potential common stock outstanding during the period; only in
periods in which such effect is dilutive. For 2016 and 2015, no
common equivalent shares were excluded from the calculation and as
of September 30, 2016, there are not stock equivalents existing.
The ESOP shares issued during 2012 and 2011 have also been excluded
from the calculation as they were issued but not
outstanding. 

9 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

Revenue
Recognition 

Oil and Gas Revenues and Deferred Revenue 

Revenue
form sales of crude oil are recorded when deliveries have occurred
and legal ownership of the commodity transfers to the customer.
Title transfers for crude oil generally occur when a tanker lifting
has occurred. Oil inventory in holding tanks at the period end are
recorded as deferred revenue prior to tanker lifting. 

Intangible
Assets and Business Combinations 

The
Company adopted ASC 805,  Business Combinations , and
ASC 350,  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ,
effective June 2001 and revised in December 2007. ASC 805 requires
the use of the purchase method of accounting for any business
combinations initiated after June 30, 2002, and further clarifies
the criteria to recognize intangible assets separately from
goodwill. Under ASC 350, goodwill and indefinite life
intangible assets are no longer amortized, but are reviewed for
impairment annually. 

Oil
  Gas Inventory 

The
Company accounts for the oil   gas extracted from the ground
and held in holding tanks prior to pickup and sale as oil   gas
inventory. It is computed using the measurement of barrels and is
multiplied with the published oil purchase price from the customer
that picks up and purchases our oil. 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company had no oil
revenues and no accounts receivable. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company applies ASC 740 which requires the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes. The asset and liability
method requires that the current or deferred tax consequences of
all events recognized in the financial statements are measured by
applying the provisions of enacted tax laws to determine the amount
of taxes payable or refundable currently or in future years.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed for recoverability and the Company
records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets
when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the
deferred tax assets will not be recovered. 

The
Company adopted ASC 740 at the beginning of fiscal year 2008. This
interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain
tax positions using a  more-likely-than-not  approach,
requiring the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax
positions. The adoption of ASC 740 had no material impact on the
Company s financial statements. Deferred taxes are provided
on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized
for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax
credit carry forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized
for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the
differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
to be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted
for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment 

NOTE 4
- RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
Company is indebted to the officers of the Company for unpaid wages
and bonuses from previous years that were converted into Notes. The
balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are $421,044
to Mr. Reichman and $206,670 to Mrs. Griffin, respectively. The
notes bear interest at 5% are due at October 1, 2017 and are
unsecured. 

Due to
officers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totals
$43,481 and $164,105, respectively. These balances consist of net
cash advances, and unpaid expense reimbursements due to David
Reichman. The payables and cash advances are unsecured, due on
demand and do not bear interest. During the first Nine months of
2016 Mr. Reichman advanced $355,548 to the Company to cover
operating expenses, and was repaid $476,172. During the first Nine
months of 2015 Mr. Reichman advanced $79,362, to the Company and
was repaid $56,200. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the balances due Mr. Reichman are $43,481 and $164,105,
respectively. 

During
the first Nine months of 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015,
a board member advanced $3,000 and $54,200, respectively. These
totals consist of several small advances, each covered by separate
notes that bear interest at 6%, are unsecured, and are due in
October 2017. The total notes payable to this board member at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 amount to $116,300 and
$113,300, respectively. 

10 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

NOTE 5
- NOTES PAYABLE 

(a) 

NOTES
PAYABLE 

Notes
payable consist of various notes bearing interest at rates from 5%
to 8%, which are unsecured, with original due dates between August
2000 and October 2017. Many notes with maturity dates that have
passed are currently in default with the remaining note due on
dates as specified below. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, notes payable amounted to $1,822,236 and $1,807,397,
respectively. Below is a table summarizing the notes owed by the
Company. 

Note
payable activity in the nine months ended September 30,
2016: 

On
January 22, 2016, the Company executed a note payable to an
individual and board member in the total amount of $3,000, interest
accrues at 6% per annum, unsecured, due after 12 months of
execution 

(1) 

Imputed interest
due to 0% interest rate 

11 

GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

NOTE 6
- STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

ISSUANCES
OF COMMON STOCK 

During
the Nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
22,361,680 shares for services valued at $8,053,237. 

During
the Nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
7,715,420 shares for cash of $370,000 in a private
placement. 

During
the Nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded
imputed interest on a non-interest bearing note in the amount of
$10,080, with an increase in paid in capital. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not issue
any stock options or warrants. 

On
April 7, 2016, the Board of Directors announced their intension to
effect a 10 for 1 forward stock split, and change the authorized
common shares to 350,000,000 shares, and on May 10, 2016, the
forward stock split became effective. The stock split has been
recorded retroactively in the financials statements and the 10Q for
September 30, 2016. 

ISSUANCES
OF PREFERRED STOCK 

Pursuant
to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, there was
initially authorized 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. On
April 7, 2016 the Company s Board of Directors created out of
the Series A Preferred Stock, 1,000 Series A Preferred shares with
the following features: 

a) 

Super
voting power, wherein the 1,000 shares have the right to vote in
the amount equal to fifty-one percent (51%) of the total vote with
respect to any proposal relating to (i) increasing the authorized
share capital of the Company, and (ii) effecting any forward stock
split of the Company s authorized, issued or outstanding
shares of capital stock, and (iii) any other matter subject to a
shareholder vote. 

b) 

No
entitlement to dividends. 

c) 

No
liquidation preferences. 

d) 

No
conversion rights. 

e) 

Automatic
Redemption Rights upon certain triggers, to be redeemed at par
value. 

The
Board of Directors also authorized the issuance of all 1,000 Series
A Preferred shares to David Reichman, CEO, for no
consideration. 

NOTE 7
- LEGAL ACTIONS 

During
March 2013, the Company was named in an action pertaining to the
75% working interest in the Ownbey Lease.   Subsequent to the Company s
purchase of the assets and the termination of the operator a
mechanics lien was filed against the property claiming
approximately $267,000 in fees are due to the previous operator. An
action is pending in the District Court of Chautauqua County,
Kansas, captioned  Aesir
Energy, Inc. vs. Amercian Resource Technologies, Inc.; Nancy Ownbey
Archer; Jimmy Stephen Ownbey; Robbie Faye Butts; TREE TOP
INDUSTRIES, INC.; and TTII Oil   Gas, Inc.  Management
intends to vigorously contest AESIR s claims and, at this
point, settlement appears unlikely. It has been presented in the
County Court that some of ARUR s Directors have acted without
authorization in this matter, and TTII s management is
assessing how to proceed at this time. No monetary claims have been
asserted against Global Tech or TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. The
District Court of Chautauqua County, Kansas decided that the Board
of American Resource Technologies, Inc., acted improperly and set
aside the Acquisition Agreement as null and void. Management is
consulting with legal counsel to evaluate the company
options. 

NOTE 8
  MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 

On
February 26, 2016, the Company announced in an 8-K, that on
February 15, 2016, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of
intent with Go Fun Group Holdings, Ltd, ( Go Fun )
 an integrated O2O (online to offline)
supply-chain facilitated company, which operates in the retail
restaurant and online food service business sectors and is based in
Hong Kong,  to continue discussions and work on a mutual
agreeable transaction and business plan, including a potential
private placement for raising capital.  Go Fun is also engaged in the  Green 
food sourcing and logistics business, working with sustainable,
local companies to further the science of healthy food preparation.
Go Fun s retail entries include traditional Chinese, Italian,
and Japanese Steakhouse restaurants. The purpose of the ongoing
exchange between the Company and Go Fun is to  explore
possible synergies, and facilitate investment in or acquisition of
several of Go Fun s operating units and/or
assets. 

NOTE 9
  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In
accordance with ASC 855-10 Company management reviewed all material
events through the date of this report and there are no material
subsequent events to report except as follows: 

12 

ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Statements 

This
Form 10-Q may contain  forward-looking statements,  as
that term is used in federal securities laws, about Global
Tech s consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and business. These statements include, among
others: 

statements
concerning the potential benefits that may be experienced from
business activities and certain transactions contemplated or
completed; and 

statements of our
expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated
developments and other matters that are not historical facts. These
statements may be made expressly in this Form 10-Q. You can find
many of these statements by looking for words such as
 believes,   expects, 
 anticipates,   estimates, 
 opines,  or similar expressions used in this Form
10-Q. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual
results to be materially different from any future results
expressed or implied in those statements. The most important facts
that could prevent us from achieving our stated goals include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

a) 

volatility or
decline of Global Tech s stock price; potential fluctuation
of quarterly results; 

b) 

Potential
fluctuation of quarterly results; 

c) 

failure to earn
revenues or profits; 

d) 

inadequate capital
to continue or expand our business, and inability to raise
additional capital or financing to implement our business
plans; 

e) 

failure to
commercialize our technology or to make sales; 

f) 

decline in demand
for our products and services; 

g) 

Rapid
adverse changes in markets; 

h) 

litigation with or
legal claims and allegations by outside parties against TTII,
including but not limited to challenges to intellectual property
rights; 

i) 

insufficient
revenues to cover operating costs; and 

There
is no assurance that we will be profitable, we may not be able to
successfully develop, manage or market our products and services,
we may not be able to attract and retain qualified executives and
technology personnel, we may not be able to obtain customers for
our products or services, our products and services may become
obsolete, government regulation may hinder our business, additional
dilution in outstanding stock ownership may be incurred due to the
issuance of more shares, warrants and stock options, or the
exercise of outstanding warrants and stock options, and other risks
inherent in our businesses. 

Because
the statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue
reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this
Form 10-K. The cautionary statements contained or referred to in
this section should be considered in connection with any subsequent
written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons
acting on our behalf may issue. We do not undertake any obligation
to review or confirm analysts  expectations or estimates or
to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form
10-Q, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. 

13 

Organizational
History 

We were
incorporated in 1980 under the laws of the State of Nevada under
the name of Western Exploration, Inc. Western Exploration, Inc., a
Nevada corporation, was formed on July 24, 1980. In 1990, Western
Exploration, Inc. changed its name to Nugget Exploration, Inc. On
November 10, 1999, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nugget Exploration,
Inc., Nugget Holdings Corporation merged with and into GoHealthMD,
Inc., a Delaware corporation. Shortly thereafter, Nugget
Exploration, Inc. changed its name to GoHealthMD, Inc. a Nevada
corporation. 

On
August 18, 2004, GoHealthMD, Inc., the Nevada Corporation, changed
its name to TREE TOP INDUSTRIES, INC., and on May 26, 2016, the
name was changed to GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC.. GoHealthMD,
Inc. continues to exist as a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. NetThruster, Inc.
MLN, Inc., BioEnergy Applied Technologies, Inc. (BAT ), Eye
Care Centers International, Inc., GoHealthMD Nano Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., TTI Strategic Acquisitions and Equity Group, Inc. and TTII
Oil   Gas, Inc. are also wholly-owned subsidiaries of GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. Several of these subsidiaries have been
formed by us in the anticipation of technologies, products or
services being acquired. Not all subsidiaries are currently
active. 

On
December 31, 2012, the Company and its new subsidiary, TTII Oil
  Gas, Inc., a Delaware corporation, signed a binding asset
purchase agreement with American Resource Technologies, Inc.
( ARUR ), a Kansas corporation, to acquire all of the
assets of ARUR for a purchase price of $513,538, which was paid in
the form of 4,668,530 shares of the Company s common stock as
described in the asset purchase agreement. The shares were valued
at $.110 per share, based on the weighted average trading price of
the common stock over the ten trading days prior to the Closing
Date. The assets purchased from ARUR include a 75% working interest
in oil and gas leases in Kansas, as well as other oil field assets,
a natural gas pipeline, currently shut down that is also located in
Kansas, 25% interest in three other business entities operating in
Kansas, and accounts receivables from two companies operating in
Brazil in the amounts of $3,600,000 and$3,600,000 respectively.
TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. also purchased three promissory notes in
the amounts of $100,000, $100,000 and $350,000, as well an overdue
contract for revenue in the amount of $1,000,000. Finally, several
gun sight patents were also acquired from ARUR. TTII Oil   Gas,
Inc. intends to pursue more opportunities in Kansas to expand the
current leases, and to aggressively continue pumping oil from the
thirteen currently operating wells. At the same time, both GLOBAL
TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC. and TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. intend to
aggressively pursue the two companies located in Brazil, who are
responsible for the over $7,000,000 dollars in monies owed to TTII
Oil   Gas, Inc. All accounts and notes receivable were deemed
uncollectable due to the age and circumstances, and therefore were
assessed no value in the asset purchase. The equity ownerships were
also deemed to be impaired due to the inactive nature of the
entities, and were not allocated any value. The gun sight patents
was also not readily assessable as to value and no purchase price
was allocated to this asset. Also due to the mechanics lien and
lawsuit on the oil leases, as well as the absence of an official
reserve report, the oil lease was also impaired and no value was
recorded for this asset. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. We monitor our estimates on an on-going basis for
changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these
estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are
recorded in the period in which they become known. We base our
estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from our estimates if past experience or other
assumptions do not turn out to be substantially
accurate. 

Certain
of our accounting policies are particularly important to the
portrayal and understanding of our financial position and results
of operations and require us to apply significant judgment in their
application. As a result, these policies are subject to an inherent
degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, we use our
judgment in making certain assumption and estimates. Our critical
accounting policies are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material
changes to our critical accounting policies as of September 30,
2016 and for the nine months then ended. 

Overview
of Business 

During
the 2 nd  quarter 2013, the
Company commenced its oil and gas operations, and have brought 13
wells into production to date. It specializes in the utilization of
modern technologies with known resources to enhance project output.
The company has a working interest of 75% of a lease in S.E.
Kansas. This lease has approximately 13 working wells out of a
total of 30 well, and a natural gas pipeline that is currently shut
down, that is also located in Kansas. 

14 

In May
of 2013, TTII Oil and Gas Inc. with the help of its Operator, Clark
Energy, Inc., opened up the wells on the Ownbey Lease for
production. Upon opening up the lease for production, TTII Oil
  Gas, Inc. s Operator ran into several problems with the
lease. It came to the company s attention that the previous
Operator, Aesir Energy Inc., owned and operated by Eric Oden, (son
to the previous President and CEO, Fred Oden III, of American
Resource Technologies, Inc.) had left the lease in sub-standard
condition. Due to this fact, many repairs had to be made to the
equipment on the lease that kept the company from being able to get
the full benefit of the lease. During 2013 and 2014, the Company
extracted oil from its Kansas oil wells, however in early 2015 with
the steady decline of oil prices over the past two years,
Management has determined that the costs to extract oil would
exceed the revenues generated to an extent that it was necessary to
suspend oil operations. Subsequent to the suspension of oil and gas
operation, a Kansas Court ruled that the purchase agreement with
ARUR would be nullified. In the wake of this decision, the
Company s management and the Board are considering
appropriate steps to take, but will not be continuing our oil and
gas operations in the future. 

On
February 26, 2016, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of
intent with Go Fun Group Holdings, Ltd, ( Go Fun )
 an integrated O2O (online to offline)
supply-chain facilitated company, which operates in the retail
restaurant and online food service business sectors and is based in
Hong Kong,  to continue discussions and work on a mutual
agreeable transaction and business plan, including a potential
private placement for raising capital.  Go Fun is also engaged in the  Green 
food sourcing and logistics business, working with sustainable,
local companies to further the science of healthy food preparation.
Go Fun s retail entries include traditional Chinese, Italian,
and Japanese Steakhouse restaurants. The purpose of the ongoing
exchange between the Company and Go Fun is to  explore
possible synergies, and facilitate investment in or acquisition of
several of Go Fun s operating units and/or assets. The
Company is currently involved in continued discussions with Go Fun
and is engaged in due diligence processes with its
professionals. 

15 

Competitors 

There
are many competitors in the oil and gas industry that are larger
than us and have better resources. 

Suppliers
and Customers 

We have
hired an operator who operates and services our wells. When our
crude oil reaches a certain level, the operator orders a pickup by
our local crude oil purchaser, who pickups up and delivers our
crude oil to a refinery. We have only one company that currently
purchases our crude oil, therefore we have a concentration risk
attached to our revenue stream. Because there are several other
crude oil purchasers in our region, we believe this risk will not
affect our oil and gas operations. 

Government
and Environmental Regulation 

Governmental
authorities may in the future impose obstacles to the production
and sale of oil and gas through laws or regulations. Recent tax and
energy legislation has been enacted, the total effect of which is
not yet known. Various types of mineral properties have come under
attack in certain areas because of their potential impact upon the
surrounding environment. Therefore, leases or production in which
we may have an interest could be adversely affected by either
governmental regulations or private litigation involving such
environmental concerns. We are not able to predict the outcome of
such controls, regulations or laws on its operations or on the
operations of the Company. 

Intellectual
Property 

Pursuant
to the ARUR acquisition, the Company acquired a 25% ownership in an
Oklahoma corporation that designed a new software for gamma ray
survey interpretation. This new software interprets data
accumulated during aerial or surface surveys and provides a 3D
blueprint of the areas with the highest concentration of
hydrocarbons and/or uranium, dependent upon the algorithm
application. This intellectual property is not a significant asset
of our business. 

Employees 

As of
May 13, 2016 we have 1 full-time employee and one part time
employee. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we
consider relations with its employees to be good. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Results
of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016,
Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 :  

We
realized revenues of $0 during the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, due to our oil pumping operations being suspended in
the first quarter 2015, until oil prices improve. Our oil
operations expenses totaled $0 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our general operating expenses
increased from $ 39,658 in 2015 to $7,824,358 in 2016. The increase
was primarily the result of shares issued for services incurred by
our professionals, consultants and directors, as part of the effort
to get the Company current in its filings and from the increased
travel expenses related to due diligence. General and
administrative expenses increased from $28,523 to $729,182 due to
the value of the shares issued to the employee benefit
plan. 

Our net
loss increased by $7,788,720 from $(62,248) in 2015 to a loss of
$(7,850,968) in 2016. The primary reason for this decrease was the
result of the value of the shares issued for services and
consulting expenses by our professionals and directors. We expect
that our losses will continue to be approximately $20,000 per month
until we are able to establish a consistent revenue source.
Management and the Board are considering multiple options currently
available. 

Results
of Operations for the Nine months Ended September 30, 2016,
Compared to Nine months Ended September 30, 2015: 

We
realized revenues of $0 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and $1,126 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease in our oil revenues were a factor of suspending our
oil pumping operations in the first quarter 2015 until oil prices
improve. Our oil operations expenses totaled $377 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8,990 in the
comparative quarter last year. Our general operating expenses
increased from $ 141,211 in 2015 to $8,135,455 in 2016. The
increase was primarily the result of shares issued for services
incurred by our professionals, consultants and directors, as part
of the effort to get the Company s filings current and
increased travel expenses associated with our due diligence
activities in Hong Kong. General and administrative expenses
increased from $82,984 to $839,800 due mostly to the issuance of
shares to the employee benefit plan.. Compensation and professional
fees increased by $7,238,425, due to the issuance of shares to our
professionals for their services in assisting the company in
getting current with our annual and quarterly filings, as well as
legal and consulting services in connection with our letter of
intent. 

Our net
loss decreased by $7,915,589 from $(216,110) in 2015 to a loss of
$(8,143,133) in 2016. The primary reason for this decrease is
discussed above. We expect that our losses will continue to be
approximately $20,000 per month until we are able to establish a
larger revenue flow from our oil   gas leases, or other
operations. 

16 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
September 30, 2016 we had cash on hand of $44,276 compared to $108
at December 31, 2015. We used cash in our operations of $(282,677)
in 2016 compared to cash used of $(77,012) in 2015. We generated
cash-flow from investing activities during 2016 of $74,469,
compared to $(1,931) for the same quarter in 2015. We (paid
back)/raised $(120,624) and $23,162 from related party loans in
2016 and 2015, and $3,000 and $54,200 from other notes payable,
respectively. We also collected $370,000 from the receipt of stock
issuances pursuant to a Private Placement Memorandum during the
nine month period of 2016 compared to $0 in the prior year. We
anticipate that we will continue to have a negative cash flow from
operations of approximately $15,000 per month for 2016. We do not
have sufficient cash on hand at September 30, 2016 to cover our
negative cash flow. We will attempt to raise capital through
the sale of our common stock or through debt financing, or engaging
in other operations. 

Some of
Global Tech s past due obligations, including $338,000 of
accounts payable, and $113,000 of notes payable and judgments, some
of which are duplicative, were incurred or obtained prior to 2005.
No actions have been taken by any of the applicable creditors, and
the statute of limitations has been exceeded for the creditors to
seek legal action. Global Tech believes that these obligations will
not be satisfied in the future because the statute of limitations
has been exceeded, but is not allowed to remove them from our books
and records due to accounting regulations. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s
working capital deficit decreased from $(3,215,878) to
$(1,396,372), a decrease of 43%, due to the extension of several
long term notes that had become current or in default. If the old
payables and notes that have exceeded the statute of limitations
were removed from the calculation, the working capital deficit
would be $(945,372), a 71% decrease over 2015. 

Any
remedy to our current lack of liquidity must take into account all
the foregoing liabilities. Global Tech intends to continue its
pursuit to find other operating activities, and as necessary, raise
capital in order to monetize its business and pay all its
liabilities. Capital raise plans are under consideration but it
cannot be assured that they will materialize in the current
economic environment. Currently, Global Tech is without adequate
financing or assets. Because no actions have been taken on the
aforementioned past due obligations and demand has not been made by
the applicable current note holders, we are unable to accurately
quantify the effect the overdue accounts have on Global
Tech s financial condition, liquidity and capital resources.
However, in the event that all of these obligations and notes
payable were required to be paid in an amount equal to the full
balance of each, Global Tech would not be able to meet the
obligations based upon its current financial status. The liquidity
shortfall of $(1,396,372) would cause Global Tech to default and,
further, would put our continued viability in
jeopardy. 

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS 

None 

Going
Concern Qualification 

The
Company has incurred significant losses from operations, and such
losses are expected to continue. The Company's auditors have
included a "Going Concern Qualification" in their report for the
year ended December 31, 2015. In addition, the Company has limited
working capital. The foregoing raises substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans include seeking additional capital and/or debt financing.
There is no guarantee that additional capital and/or debt financing
will be available when and to the extent required, or that if
available, it will be on terms acceptable to the Company. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The "Going Concern
Qualification" may make it substantially more difficult to raise
capital. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We have
no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

17 

ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are
designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission. David
Reichman, our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting
Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining our
disclosure controls and procedures. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Accounting Officer has concluded that, as of
September 30, 2016 these disclosure controls and procedures were
ineffective to ensure that all information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Commission s rule and forms;
and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. The Company s controls are not effective due to a
lack of the segregation of duties. The Company lacks the
appropriate personnel to handle all the varying recording and
reporting tasks on a timely basis. The Company plans to address
these material weaknesses as resources become available by hiring
additional professional staff, such as a Chief Financial Officer,
as funding becomes available, outsourcing certain aspects of the
recording and reporting functions, and separating responsibilities.
The Company believes that it would require approximately $250,000
per year in available funds in order to retain the qualified
personnel required for effective disclosure controls and
procedures. 

The
term  internal control over financial reporting  is
defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
registrant s principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by
the registrant s board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and
procedures that: 

pertain to the
maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the registrant; 

provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the registrant are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the registrant;
and 

provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the registrant s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no additional changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations over Internal Controls 

Global
Tech s management does not expect that its disclosure
controls or its internal control over financial reporting will
prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives
will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to
error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within Global Tech have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of
controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over
time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
policies or procedures. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide
reasonable assurance of that our reports will be accurate. Our
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer concludes
that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective at
that reasonable assurance level, as of the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-Q. Our future reports shall also indicate
that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed for this
reason and shall indicate the related conclusion by the Chief
Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer as to their
effectiveness. 

18 

PART II
OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

During
March 2013, the Company was named in an action pertaining to the
75% working interest in the Ownbey Lease.   Subsequent to the Company s
purchase of the assets and the termination of the operator a
mechanics lien was filed against the property claiming
approximately $267,000 in fees are due to the previous operator. An
action is pending in the District Court of Chautauqua County,
Kansas, captioned  Aesir
Energy, Inc. vs. Amercian Resource Technologies, Inc.; Nancy Ownbey
Archer; Jimmy Stephen Ownbey; Robbie Faye Butts; TREE TOP
INDUSTRIES, INC.; and TTII oil   Gas, Inc.  Management
intends to vigorously contest AESIR s claims and, at this
point, settlement appears unlikely. It has been presented in the
County Court that some of ARUR s Directors have acted without
authorization in this matter, and Global Tech s management is
assessing how to proceed at this time. No monetary claims have been
asserted against Global Tech or TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. The
District Court of Chautauqua County, Kansas decided that the Board
of American Resource Technologies, Inc., acted improperly and set
aside the Acquisition Agreement as null and void. Management is
consulting with legal counsel to evaluate the company
options. 

ITEM 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 

The following shares of common stock were issued during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 without registration: 

During
the Nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
7,715,420 shares for cash of $370,000 in a private
placement. 

ITEM 3.
DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

The Company has the
following note payable obligations in default: 

Note payable to
Facts and Comparisons due September 1, 2002, with interest accrued
at 6% per annum, unsecured, in settlement of a trade payable;
unpaid to date and in default 

18,000    

Note payable to
Luckysurf.com due September 12, 2002 with interest accrued at 6%
per annum, unsecured, in settlement of a trade payable; unpaid to
date and in default 

30,000    

Note payable to
Michael Marks (a shareholder) due August 31, 2000 with interest
accrued at 5% per annum, unsecured; unpaid to date and in
default 

25,000    

Note payable to
Steven Goldberg (a former consultant) due July 10, 2002, unsecured
with interest of 7% accrued if unpaid at due date, in settlement of
liability; unpaid to date and in default 

40,000    

Note payable to an
individual, unsecured with interest of 6% per annum, unpaid to date
and in default 

5,000    

Note payable to an
LLC, unsecured with interest accruing at 6% per annum, unpaid to
date and in default 

5,000    

Various Notes
payable to a Trust, unsecured with interest accruing at 6% per
annum, unpaid to date and in default 

109,900    

Various Notes
payable to an individual, unsecured with interest accruing at 6%
per annum, unpaid to date and in default 

60,340    

Totals 

$  293,240    

None of
these notes have been paid, and management has indicated that no
demand for payment for any of these notes has been received by the
Company. However, the Company received a notice of motion from
Luckysurf.com dated October 22, 2002, seeking entry of a judgment
for $30,000. No further information or action has been received by
the Company relating to this note. 

19 

ITEM 5.
OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
Applicable 

ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS 

3.
Exhibits 

EXHIBIT NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

3.1 

Articles of
incorporation of Tree Top Industries, as amended (1) 

3.2 

By-Laws
(2) 

10.1 

Employment
Agreement, dated October 1, 2007, by and between Tree Top
Industries, Inc. and David Reichman (3) 

10.2 

Employment
Agreement, dated April 1, 2009, by and between Tree Top Industries
Inc. and Kathy Griffin (4) 

10.3 

Bridge
Loan Term Sheet, dated January 11, 2010, by and between Tree Top
Industries, Inc. and GeoGreen Biofuels, Inc.(5) 

10.4 

Business and
Financial Consulting Agreement, dated February 22, 2010 by and
between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and Asia Pacific Capital
Corporation(6) 

10.5 

Distribution
Agreement, by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and
NetThruster, Inc., dated February 9, 2011(7) 

10.6 

Term
Agreement by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and Sky
Corporation, doo, dated April 18, 2011 (8) 

10.7 

Term
Agreement by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and Adesso
Biosciences, Ltd, dated October 12, 2011(9) 

10.8 

Term
Agreement by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and Stemcom, LLC
d/b/a Pipeline Nutrition, dated March 1, 2012(10) 

10.9 

Mutual
disengagement agreement by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc.
and Stemcom, LLC d/b/a Pipeline Nutrition, dated March 23,
2012(11) 

10.10 

Reserve Equity
financing agreement by and between Tree Top Industries, Inc. and
AGS Capital Group, dated August 15, 2012.(12) 

10.11 

Asset
purchase Agreement by and between TTII Oil   Gas, Inc. a
subsidiary of Tree Top Industries, Inc. and American Resource
Technologies, Inc.(13) 

10.12 

Resignation of Mr.
Robert Hantman, Esq. as a member of the board of
directors(14) 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of
the registrant 

31.1 

Section 302
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer 

32.1 

Section 906
Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

20 

_________________ 

(3) 

Filed
November 7, 2007, as an exhibit to a Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference. 

(a) 

Exhibits 

21 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

GLOBAL TECH
INDUSTRIES GROUP, INC.  

By: 

/s/
David Reichman 

David
Reichman, Chairman of the Board, Chief 

Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and 

Principal
Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

By: 

/s/
David Reichman 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

David
Reichman, Chairman of the Board, Chief 

Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer 

and
Principal Accounting Officer 

By: 

/s/
Kathy M. Griffin 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

Kathy
M. Griffin, Director, President 

By: 

/s/
Frank Benintendo 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

Frank
Benintendo, Director   Secretary 

By: 

/s/
Donald Gilbert, Phd. 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

Donald
Gilbert, Director   Treasurer 

By: 

/s/
Greg Ozzimo 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

Greg
Ozzimo, Director 

By: 

/s/
Mike Valle 

Dated:
November 14, 2016 

Mike
Valle, Director 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gtii_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1  

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
David Reichman, certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP,
INC.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. 

Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

5. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b. 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

/s/
David Reichman 

David
Reichman, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gtii_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2  

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
David Reichman, certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP,
INC.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. 

Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

5. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b. 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

/s/
David Reichman 

David
Reichman, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gtii_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1  

SECTION
906 CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES
GROUP, INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ending September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, David
Reichman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and
belief: 

(1) 

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

David
Reichman, 

Chief
Executive Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gtii_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2  

SECTION
906 CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES
GROUP, INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ending September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, David
Reichman, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial/Accounting
Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

/s/
David Reichman 

Date
November 14, 2016 

David
Reichman, 

Chief
Financial Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ttii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ttii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ttii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ttii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ttii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ttii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

