<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1314052_0001615774-16-008914_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4617087</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>276852</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>242768</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1254548</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1731046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>962085</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>135</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008914.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214160655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001314052
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				208365999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37606
		FILM NUMBER:		162051202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 W 52ND STREET,
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019-6163
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-689-3939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 W 52ND STREET,
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019-6163

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thrifty Printing Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008914.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 s104917_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

(Mark One) 

x  ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended   September 30,
2016   

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________
to________________ 

Commission file number :  000-51652   

ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code  1-844-689-3939  

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value  
       
      NASDAQ Stock Market LLC   
 
      Title of each class  
       
      Name of each exchange on which registered   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

   Common Stock, $0.001 par value   

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

  Yes      
No   x  

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

  Yes      
No   x  

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

  Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer         
       
      Accelerated filer         x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company            

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

  Yes      
No   x  

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter: $163,478,217 based on a price of $4.90 per share, being the closing price of the registrant s common
stock on March 31, 2016. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date 39,610,967 issued and outstanding as
of December 12, 2016. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I  
     1  
 
       ITEM 1. BUSINESS   
     1  
 
       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
     9  
 
       ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     17  
 
       ITEM 2. PROPERTIES   
     17  
 
       ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     17  
 
       ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     18  
 
      PART II  
     18  
 
       ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     18  
 
       ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     20  
 
       ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION   
     20  
 
       ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     28  
 
       ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
     29  
 
       ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL MATTERS   
     29  
 
       ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     29  
 
       ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION   
     30  
 
      PART III  
     31  
 
       ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
     31  
 
       ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     34  
 
       ITEM
    12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     40  
 
       ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
     42  
 
       ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     43  
 
      PART IV  
     45  
 
       ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
     45  

ii   

Forward Looking Statements. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements
regarding our anticipated future clinical and regulatory milestone events, future financial position, business strategy and plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words  believe,   may, 
 estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   expect  and similar
expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include,
without limitation, statements regarding the anticipated start dates, durations and completion dates of our ongoing and future
clinical studies, statements regarding the anticipated designs of our future clinical studies, statements regarding our anticipated
future regulatory submissions and statements regarding our anticipated future cash position. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events, including the responses we expect from the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other regulatory authorities and financial trends that we believe may affect our
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, preclinical and clinical trials and financial needs. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions including without limitation the risks described in
 Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks are not exhaustive. Other sections
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K include additional factors which could adversely impact our business and financial performance.
Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is
not possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the
extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure
you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur and actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable laws including
the securities laws of the United States, we assume no obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements. 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
the terms  we,   us,   our,  and  Anavex  mean Anavex Life Sciences Corp., unless
the context clearly requires otherwise. 

iii   

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS   

Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (the  Company )
is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of differentiated therapeutics for the treatment of neurodegenerative
and neurodevelopmental diseases including drug candidates to treat Alzheimer s disease, other central nervous system ( CNS )
diseases, pain and various types of cancer. The Company s lead compound ANAVEX TM  2-73 is being developed to treat
Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease and potentially other central nervous system diseases, including rare diseases,
such as Rett syndrome. 

In November 2016, a Phase 2a clinical trial going over 52 weeks was completed for ANAVEX TM 
2-73 in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer s patients. This open-label randomized trial met both primary and secondary endpoints,
and was designed to assess the safety and exploratory efficacy of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in 32 patients. ANAVEX TM 
2-73 targets sigma-1 and muscarinic receptors, which have been shown in preclinical studies to reduce stress levels in the brain
believed to restore cellular homeostasis and to reverse the pathological hallmarks observed in Alzheimer s disease. ANAVEX TM 
2-73 showed no serious adverse events in a previously performed Phase 1 study. In pre-clinical studies, ANAVEX TM  2-73
demonstrated anti-amnesic and neuroprotective properties in various animal models including the transgenic mouse model Tg2576.
In March 2016, we received approval from the Ethics Committee in Australia to extend the ongoing Phase 2a clinical trial, which
had been requested by patients and their caregivers.  The trial extension allows participants who complete 52 weeks in PART
B to roll-over into a new trial and continue taking ANAVEX TM  2-73 for an additional 104 weeks, providing an opportunity
to gather extended safety data.  The trial is independent of the Company s planned larger Phase 2/3 double-blind, placebo-controlled
study of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Alzheimer s disease.  

In February 2016, the Company presented
positive preclinical data for ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Rett syndrome, a rare neurodevelopmental disease indication. The study
was funded by the Rettsyndrome.org foundation. 

In September 2016, the Company presented positive preclinical data for ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Parkinson s
disease, which demonstrated significant improvements on all measures: behavioral, histopathological, and neuroinflammatory endpoints.
The study was funded by the Michael J Fox Foundation ( MJFF ). 

We intend to identify and initiate discussions
with potential commercial partners within the next 12 months. Further, we may acquire or develop new intellectual property and
assign, license, or otherwise transfer our intellectual property to further our goals. 

Effective October 7, 2015, the Company effected
a reverse stock split on the basis of 1:4. As such, the Company s authorized capital was decreased from 400,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.001 to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 and all shares of common stock issued
and outstanding were decreased on the basis of one new share for each four old shares. 

Our Pipeline   

Our research and development pipeline includes
one clinical drug candidate and several compounds in different stages of pre-clinical study. 

Our proprietary SIGMACEPTOR  Discovery
Platform produced small molecule drug candidates with unique modes of action, based on our understanding of sigma receptors. Sigma
receptors may be targets for therapeutics to combat many human diseases, both of neurodegenerative nature, including Alzheimer s
disease, as well as of neurodevelopmental nature, like Rett syndrome, a rare disease. When bound by the appropriate ligands, sigma
receptors influence the functioning of multiple biochemical signals that are involved in the pathogenesis (origin or development)
of disease. 

Compounds that have been subjects of our research
include the following: 

ANAVEX TM  2-73   

ANAVEX TM  2-73 may offer a disease-modifying
approach in Alzheimer s disease (AD) by using ligands that activate sigma-1 receptors. 

In AD animal models, ANAVEX TM  2-73
has shown pharmacological, histological and behavioral evidence as a potential neuroprotective, anti-amnesic, anti-convulsive and
anti-depressive therapeutic agent, due to its potent affinity to sigma-1 receptors and moderate affinities to M1-4 type muscarinic
receptors. In addition, ANAVEX TM  2-73 has shown a potential dual mechanism which may impact both amyloid and tau pathology.
In a transgenic AD animal model Tg2576 ANAVEX TM  2-73 induced a statistically significant neuroprotective effect against
the development of oxidative stress in the mouse brain, as well as significantly increased the expression of functional and synaptic
plasticity markers that is apparently amyloid-beta independent. It also statistically alleviated the learning and memory deficits
developed over time in the animals, regardless of sex, both in terms of spatial working memory and long-term spatial reference
memory. 

Based on the results of pre-clinical testing,
we initiated and completed a Phase 1 single ascending dose (SAD) clinical trial of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in 2011. In this Phase
1 SAD trial, the maximum tolerated single dose was defined per protocol as 55-60 mg. This dose is above the equivalent dose shown
to have positive effects in mouse models of AD. There were no significant changes in laboratory or electrocardiogram (ECG) parameters.
ANAVEX TM  2-73 was well tolerated below the 55-60 mg dose with only mild adverse events in some subjects. Observed adverse
events at doses above the maximum tolerated single dose included headache and dizziness, which were moderate in severity and reversible.
These side effects are often seen with drugs that target CNS conditions, including AD. 

The ANAVEX TM  2-73 Phase 1 SAD trial
was conducted as a randomized, placebo-controlled study. Healthy male volunteers between the ages of 18 and 55 received single,
ascending oral doses over the course of the trial. Study endpoints included safety and tolerability together with pharmacokinetic
parameters. Pharmacokinetics includes the absorption and distribution of a drug, the rate at which a drug enters the blood and
the duration of its effect, as well as chemical changes of the substance in the body. This study was conducted in Germany in collaboration
with ABX-CRO, a clinical research organization that has conducted several Alzheimer s disease studies, and the Technical
University of Dresden. 

In
December 2014, a Phase 2a clinical trial was initiated for ANAVEX 2-73 TM , which is being evaluated for the treatment
of Alzheimer s disease. The open-label randomized trial is designed to assess the safety and exploratory efficacy of ANAVEX TM 
2-73 in 32 patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer s disease. ANAVEX TM  2-73 targets sigma-1 and muscarinic receptors,
which have been shown in preclinical studies to reduce stress levels in the brain   believed
to restore cellular homeostasis and to reverse the pathological hallmarks observed in Alzheimer s disease. ANAVEX TM 
2-73 showed no serious adverse events in a previously performed Phase 1 study. In pre-clinical studies ANAVEX TM  2-73
demonstrated anti-amnesic and neuroprotective properties in various animal models including the transgenic mouse model Tg2576.

The Phase 2a study met both primary and secondary
objectives of the study. The 31-week preliminary exploratory safety and efficacy data from the ongoing Phase
2a study of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Alzheimer s patients, with most receiving also donepezil, the current standard
of care, demonstrated favorable safety, maximum tolerated dose, positive dose response, sustained efficacy response
through 31 weeks for both cognitive and functional measures, as well as positive unexpected therapeutic response events. ANAVEX TM 
2-73 continues to demonstrate a favorable adverse event (AE) profile through 31 weeks in a patient population of elderly Alzheimer s
patients with varying degrees of physical fragility. The most common side effects across all AE categories tended to be of
mild severity grade 1, and were resolved with dose reductions that were anticipated within the adaptive design of the study
protocol. 

At 41 weeks, Alzheimer s
patients taking a daily oral dose of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in the exploratory, not yet dose optimized Phase 2a clinical trial,
showed a stabilization of cognitive and functional measures. This data of stabilization is promising since Alzheimer s disease
is a progressive disease where current therapeutics are only able to temporarily slow the worsening of dementia symptoms and not
stop the disease from progressing. At 41 weeks, oral daily dosing between 10mg and 50mg, ANAVEX TM  2-73 was well tolerated,
and no patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events. There were no clinically significant treatment-related adverse events,
and no serious adverse events. 

Pre-specified exploratory
analyses included the cognitive (MMSE) and the functional (ADCS-ADL) changes from baseline. A continued stabilization of both cognitive
(MMSE) and functional (ADCS-ADL) measures in patients treated with ANAVEX TM  2-73 was observed. This correlation was
positive with all measured scores (MMSE, ADCS-ADL, Cogstate, HAM-D and EEG/ERP). 

ANAVEX TM  2-73 data presented meets
prerequisite information in order to progress into Phase 2/3 placebo controlled studies, which is currently in the planning
phase. 

Recent preclinical data validates ANAVEX TM 
2-73 as a prospective platform drug for other neurodegenerative diseases beyond Alzheimer s as well as neurodevelopmental
diseases, more specifically, Parkinson s disease, epilepsy and Rett syndrome. For Parkinson s disease, data demonstrates
significant improvements and restoration of function in a classic animal model of Parkinson s disease. Significant improvements
were seen on all measures tested: behavioral, histopathological, and neuroinflammatory endpoints. For epilepsy, data demonstrates
both significant and dose related improvement in the reduction of seizures, as well as significant synergy with each of three generations
of epilepsy drugs currently on the market. In Rett syndrome, a rare neurodevelopmental disease indication, administration of ANAVEX TM 
2-73 resulted in both significant and dose related improvements in an array of behavioral paradigms in the MECP2 HET Rett syndrome
disease model. 

ANAVEX 3-71  

ANAVEX 3-71, previously named AF710B is a preclinical
drug candidate with a novel mechanism of action via sigma-1 receptor activation and M1 muscarinic allosteric modulation, which
has shown to enhance neuroprotection and cognition in Alzheimer's disease. ANAVEX 3-71 is a CNS-penetrable mono-therapy that bridges
treatment of both cognitive impairments with disease modifications. It is highly effective in very small doses against the major
Alzheimer's hallmarks in transgenic (3xTg-AD) mice, including cognitive deficits, amyloid and tau pathologies, and also has beneficial
effects on inflammation and mitochondrial dysfunctions. ANAVEX 3-71 indicates extensive therapeutic advantages in Alzheimer's and
other protein-aggregation-related diseases given its ability to enhance neuroprotection and cognition via sigma-1 receptor activation
and M1 muscarinic allosteric modulation. 

A recent preclinical study examined the response
of ANAVEX 3-71 in aged transgenic animal models, and showed a significant reduction in rate of cognitive deficit, amyloid
beta pathology and inflammation with the administration of ANAVEX 3-71. In April 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )
granted Orphan Drug Designation ( ODD ) to ANAVEX 3-71 for the treatment of Frontotemporal dementia ( FTD ). 

ANAVEX 1-41  

ANAVEX 1-41 is a sigma-1 agonist. Pre-clinical
tests revealed significant neuroprotective benefits (i.e., protects nerve cells from degeneration or death) through the modulation
of endoplasmic reticulum, mitochondrial and oxidative stress, which damages and destroys cells and is believed by some scientists
to be a primary cause of AD. In addition, in animal models, ANAVEX 1-41 prevented the expression of caspase-3, an enzyme that plays
a key role in apoptosis (programmed cell death) and loss of cells in the hippocampus, the part of the brain that regulates learning,
emotion and memory. These activities involve both muscarinic and sigma-1 receptor systems through a novel mechanism of action. 

ANAVEX 1037   

ANAVEX 1037 is designed for the treatment of
prostate cancer. It is a low molecular weight, synthetic compound exhibiting high affinity for sigma-1 receptors at nanomolar levels
and moderate affinity for sigma-2 receptors and sodium channels at micromolar levels. In advanced pre-clinical studies, this compound
revealed antitumor potential with no toxic side effects. It has also been shown to selectively kill human cancer cells without
affecting normal/healthy cells and also to significantly suppress tumor growth in immune-deficient mice models. Scientific publications
describe sigma receptor ligands positively, highlighting the possibility that these ligands may stop tumor growth and induce selective
cell death in various tumor cell lines. Sigma receptors are highly expressed in different tumor cell types. Binding by appropriate
sigma-1 and/or sigma-2 ligands can induce selective apoptosis. In addition, through tumor cell membrane reorganization and interactions
with ion channels, our drug candidates may play an important role in inhibiting the processes of metastasis (spreading of cancer
cells from the original site to other parts of the body), angiogenesis (the formation of new blood vessels) and tumor cell proliferation. 

ANAVEX 1066  

ANAVEX 1066, a mixed sigma-1/sigma-2 ligand
is designed for the potential treatment of neuropathic pain and visceral pain. ANAVEX 1066 was tested in two preclinical models
of neuropathic and visceral pain that have been extensively validated in rats. In the chronic constriction injury (CCI) model of
neuropathic pain, a single oral administration of ANAVEX 1066 dose-dependently restored the nociceptive threshold in the affected
paw to normal levels while leaving the contralateral healthy paw unchanged. Efficacy was rapid and remained significant for two
hours. In a model of visceral pain, chronic colonic hypersensitivity was induced by injection of an inflammatory agent directly
into the colon and a single oral administration of ANAVEX 1066 returned the nociceptive threshold to control levels in a dose-dependent
manner. Companion studies in rats demonstrated the lack of any effects on normal gastrointestinal transit with ANAVEX 1066 and
a favorable safety profile in a battery of behavioral measures. 

Our compounds are in the pre-clinical and clinical
testing stages of development, and there is no guarantee that the activity demonstrated in pre-clinical models will be shown in
human testing. 

Our Target Indications   

We have developed compounds with potential
application to two broad categories and several specific indications. The two categories are diseases of the central nervous system,
and cancer. Specific indications include: 

Alzheimer s disease - In 2015, an
estimated 5.3 million Americans were suffering from Alzheimer s disease. The Alzheimer s Association  reports that
by 2025, 7.1 million Americans will be afflicted by the disease, a 40 percent increase from currently affected patients. Medications
on the market today treat only the symptoms of Alzheimer s disease and do not have the ability to stop its onset or its progression.
There is an urgent and unmet need for both a disease modifying cure for Alzheimer s disease as well as for better symptomatic
treatments.     

Parkinson s disease   Parkinson s
disease is a progressive disease of the nervous system marked by tremors, muscular rigidity, and slow, imprecise movement. It is
associated with degeneration of the basal ganglia of the brain and a deficiency of the neurotransmitter dopamine. Parkinson s
disease afflicts more than 10 million people worldwide, typically middle-aged and elderly people. Parkinson s disease market
is set to expand from $2.1 billion in 2014 to $3.2 billion by 2021, according to business intelligence provider GBI Research.    

Rett syndrome - Rett syndrome is a rare
non-inherited genetic postnatal progressive neurodevelopmental disorder that occurs almost exclusively in girls and leads to severe
impairments, affecting nearly every aspect of the child s life: their ability to speak, walk, eat, and even breathe easily.
Rett syndrome is caused by mutations in the MECP2 gene and strikes all racial and ethnic groups and occurs worldwide in approximately
1 in every 10,000-15,000 live female births.    

Depression - Depression is a major cause
of morbidity worldwide according to the World Health Organization. Pharmaceutical treatment for depression is dominated by blockbuster
brands, with the leading nine brands accounting for approximately 75% of total sales. However, the dominance of the leading brands
is waning, largely due to the effects of patent expiration and generic competition.     

Epilepsy - Epilepsy is a common chronic
neurological disorder characterized by recurrent unprovoked seizures. These seizures are transient signs and/or symptoms of abnormal,
excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, epilepsy
affects 2.2 million Americans. Today, epilepsy is often controlled, but not cured, with medication that is categorized as older
traditional anti-epileptic drugs and second generation anti epileptic drugs. Because epilepsy afflicts sufferers in different ways,
there is a need for drugs used in combination with both traditional anti-epileptic drugs and second generation anti-epileptic drugs.
GBI Research estimates that the epilepsy market will increase to $4.5 billion by 2019.    

Neuropathic Pain   We define neuralgia,
or neuropathic pain, as pain that is not related to activation of pain receptor cells in any part of the body. Neuralgia is more
difficult to treat than some other types of pain because it does not respond well to normal pain medications. Special medications
have become more specific to neuralgia and typically fall under the category of membrane stabilizing drugs or antidepressants.    

Malignant Melanoma - Predominantly a skin
cancer, malignant melanoma can also occur in melanocytes found in the bowel and the eye. Malignant melanoma accounts for 75% of
all deaths associated with skin cancer. The treatment includes surgical removal of the tumor, adjuvant treatment, chemo and immunotherapy,
or radiation therapy. According to IMS Health the worldwide Malignant Melanoma market is expected to grow to $4.4 billion by 2022.    

Prostate Cancer   Specific to men,
prostate cancer is a form of cancer that develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system. The cancer cells may
metastasize from the prostate to other parts of the body, particularly the bones and lymph nodes. Drug therapeutics for Prostate
Cancer are expected to increase to nearly $18.6 billion in 2017 according to BCC Research.    

Pancreatic Cancer - Pancreatic cancer
is a malignant neoplasm of the pancreas. In the United States approximately 45,000 new cases of pancreatic cancer will be diagnosed
this year and approximately 38,000 patients will die as a result of their cancer. Sales predictions by GlobalData forecast that
the market for the pharmaceutical treatment of pancreatic cancer in the five largest European countries and the United States,
will increase to $1.63 billion by 2017.    

Competition   

The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive. 

At this time, we view our competition as biomedical
development companies that are trying to discover and develop compounds to be used in the treatment of Alzheimer s disease
and other CNS diseases, and those companies already doing so. Those companies include Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB), Axovant Sciences Ltd.
(NYSE: AXON), Perrigo Company Plc (NYSE:PRGO), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE), Allergan Plc (NYSE:AGN), Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS), GlaxoSmithKline
Plc (NYSE:GSK), Merck   Co. Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Eli Lilly   Co. (NYSE: LLY), Johnson   Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Roche Holding
AG (VTX:ROG). 

Each of our competitors have greater capital
resources, larger overall research and development staffs and facilities, and a longer history in drug discovery and development,
obtaining regulatory approval, and pharmaceutical product manufacturing and marketing than we do. With these additional resources,
our competitors will be able to respond to the rapid and significant technological changes in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries faster than we can. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to acquire funding for our research
and development. To continue to acquire funding for our research and development, we will likely have to show progress toward our
goals and we will eventually be expected to develop a compound that may result in a transaction with another pharmaceutical company. 

Patents, Trademarks and Intellectual
Property   

Anavex holds ownership or exclusive rights
to three issued U.S. patent and eight U.S. patent applications with various international counterpart applications, all of which
relate to drug candidates and methods associated therewith. The most recent U.S. patent application was filed in November, 2016.
We regard patents and other intellectual property rights as corporate assets. Accordingly, we attempt to optimize the value of
intellectual property in developing our business strategy including the selective development, protection, and exploitation of
our intellectual property rights. 

In addition to filings made with intellectual
property organizations, we protect our intellectual property and confidential information by means of carefully considered processes
of communication and the sharing of information, and by the use of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and provisions
for the same in contractor s agreements. While no agreement offers absolute protection, such agreements provide some form
of recourse in the event of disclosure, or anticipated disclosure. 

Our intellectual property position, like that
of many biomedical companies, is uncertain and involves complex legal and technical questions for which important legal principles
are unresolved. We may file additional patent applications in the United States, or in other jurisdictions for further inventions.
We may not be successful in obtaining critical claims or in protecting our potential drug compounds or processes. Even if we do
obtain patents, they may not adequately protect the technology we own or have licensed. In addition, others may challenge, seek
to invalidate, infringe or circumvent any patents we own or license, and rights we receive under those patents may not provide
competitive advantages to us. Further, the manufacture, use or sale of our potential drug compounds may infringe the patent rights
of others. 

Our success will also depend in part on our
ability to commercialize our compounds without infringing the proprietary rights of others. We have not conducted extensive freedom
of use patent searches and no assurance can be given that patents do not exist or could not be filed which would have an adverse
effect on our ability to market our technology or maintain our competitive position with respect to our technology. If our compounds
or other subject matter are claimed under other existing United States or other patents or are otherwise protected by third party
proprietary rights, we may be subject to infringement actions. In such event, we may challenge the validity of such patents or
other proprietary rights or we may be required to obtain licenses from such companies in order to develop, manufacture or market
our technology. There can be no assurances that we would be able to obtain such licenses or that such licenses, if available, could
be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, the failure to either develop a commercially viable alternative or obtain
such licenses could result in delays in marketing all of our potential drug compounds based on our drug technology or the inability
to proceed with the development, manufacture or sale of potential drug compounds requiring such licenses, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we defend ourselves against charges of patent
infringement or to protect our proprietary rights against third parties, substantial costs will be incurred regardless of whether
we are successful. Such proceedings are typically protracted with no certainty of success. An adverse outcome could subject us
to significant liabilities to third parties and force us to curtail or cease our research and development of our technology. 

Government Approval   

Regulation by governmental authorities in the
United States and foreign countries is a significant factor in the development, manufacture, and expected marketing of our potential
drug compounds and in potential future research and development activities. The nature and extent to which such regulation will
apply to us will vary depending on the nature of any potential drug compounds developed. We anticipate that all of our potential
drug compounds will require regulatory approval by governmental agencies prior to commercialization. 

In particular, human therapeutic products are
subject to rigorous non-clinical and clinical testing and other approval procedures of the FDA and similar regulatory authorities
in other countries. Various federal statutes and regulations also govern or influence testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling,
storage, and record-keeping related to such products and their marketing. The process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent
compliance with the appropriate federal statutes and regulations requires substantial time and financial resources. Any failure
by us or our collaborators to obtain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approval could adversely affect the marketing of any
potential drug compounds developed by us, our ability to receive product revenues, and our liquidity and capital resources. 

The steps ordinarily required before a new
drug may be marketed in the United States, which are similar to steps required in most other countries, include: 

non-clinical laboratory tests, non-clinical
studies in animals, formulation studies and the submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application;    

adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug;    

the submission of a new drug application
or biologic license application to the FDA; and    

FDA review and approval of the new drug
application or biologics license application.    

Non-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation
of potential drug compound chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal studies. The results of non-clinical testing
are submitted to the FDA as part of an investigational new drug application. A 30-day waiting period after the filing of each investigational
new drug application is required prior to commencement of clinical testing in humans. At any time during the 30-day period or at
any time thereafter, the FDA may halt proposed or ongoing clinical trials until the FDA authorizes trials under specified terms.
The investigational new drug application process may be extremely costly and substantially delay the development of our potential
drug compounds. Moreover, positive results of non-clinical tests will not necessarily indicate positive results in subsequent clinical
trials. The FDA may require additional animal testing after an initial investigational new drug application is approved and prior
to Phase III trials. 

Clinical trials to support new drug applications
are typically conducted in three sequential phases, although the phases may overlap. During Phase I, clinical trials are conducted
with a small number of subjects to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacological actions and safety, including side
effects associated with increasing doses. Phase II usually involves studies in a limited patient population to assess the efficacy
of the drug in specific, targeted indications; assess dosage tolerance and optimal dosage; and identify possible adverse effects
and safety risks. 

If a compound is found to be potentially effective
and to have an acceptable safety profile in Phase I and II evaluations, Phase III trials are undertaken to further demonstrate
clinical efficacy and to further test for safety within an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial
sites. 

After successful completion of the required
clinical trials, a new drug application is generally submitted. The FDA may request additional information before accepting the
new drug application for filing, in which case the new drug application must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once
the submission has been accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the new drug application and responds to the applicant. The FDA s
requests for additional information or clarification often significantly extends the review process. The FDA may refer the new
drug application to an appropriate advisory committee for review, evaluation, and recommendation as to whether the new drug application
should be approved, although the FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. 

Sales outside the United States of potential
drug compounds we develop will also be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials and marketing
for drugs. The requirements vary widely from country to country, but typically the registration and approval process takes several
years and requires significant resources. In most cases, if the FDA has not approved a potential drug compound for sale in the
United States, the potential drug compound may be exported for sale outside of the United States, only if it has been approved
in any one of the following: the European Union, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Israel, Switzerland and South Africa. There
are specific FDA regulations that govern this process. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Historically, a significant portion of our
operating expenses has related to research and development. See  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this
Annual Report for costs and expenses related to research and development, and other financial information for fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014. 

Scientific Advisors   

We are advised by scientists and physicians
with experience relevant to our Company and our product candidates. In the past twelve months, our advisors included Drs Harald
Hampel, MD, PhD, Jacqueline French, MD, Michael Gold, MD, John Harrison, PhD, Ottavio Arancio, MD, Norman Relkin, MD, PhD, Corinne
Lasmezas, PhD, Tangui Maurice, PhD, Abraham Fisher, PhD, Paul Aisen, MD, Jeffrey Cummings, MD, Tanya Simuni, MD, Daniel Weintraub,
MD, Kalpana Merchant, PhD. 

Officers   

One of our directors is engaged as an officer-employee
of the Company serving in the capacity of Chief Executive Officer, president, and secretary. 

Employees   

We currently have ten full-time employees,
and we retain several independent contractors on an as-needed basis. We believe that we have good relations with our employees. 

Available Information   

Our internet website address is www.anavex.com.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through our website through a
link to the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We include our website address in this report only as an inactive
textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. The contents of our website are not incorporated into
this report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

In addition to other information in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business because such factors
may have a significant impact on our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. As a result of the risk factors
set forth below, actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider to be immaterial, may also impact our business, operating
results, liquidity and financial condition. If any such risks occur, our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition
could be materially affected in an adverse manner. Under such circumstances, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to our Company   

We have had a history of losses and no
revenue, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

Since inception on January 23, 2004 through
September 30, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of $78,018,153. We can offer no assurance that we will ever operate profitably
or that we will generate positive cash flow in the future. To date, we have not generated any revenues from our operations. Our
history of losses and no revenues raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, our management
expects the business to continue to experience negative cash flows for the foreseeable future and cannot predict when, if ever,
our business might become profitable. We will need to raise additional funds, and such funds may not be available on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to execute our business plan,
take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. This may seriously harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are an early stage pharmaceutical
research and development company and may never be able to successfully develop marketable products or generate any revenue. We
have a very limited relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. There is
no assurance that our future operations will result in profits. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues, we may suspend or cease
operations.   

We are an early stage company and have not
generated any revenues to date and have no operating history. All of our potential drug compounds are in the concept stage or early
clinical development stage. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our research and development efforts will be successful or, if
successful, that our potential drug compounds will ever be approved for sales to pharmaceutical companies or generate commercial
revenues. We have no relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. We are subject
to all of the business risks associated with a new enterprise, including, but not limited to, risks of unforeseen capital requirements,
failure of potential drug compounds either in non-clinical testing or in clinical trials, failure to establish business relationships
and competitive disadvantages against larger and more established companies. If we fail to become profitable, we may suspend or
cease operations. 

We will need additional funding and may
be unable to raise additional capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development
activities.   

We will need to raise additional funding and
the current economic conditions may have a negative impact on our ability to raise additional needed capital on terms that are
favorable to our Company or at all. We may not be able to generate significant revenues for several years, if at all. Until we
can generate significant revenues, if ever, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through equity or debt financing. We cannot
be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may
be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research and development activities. 

Risks Related to our Business   

Even if we are able to develop our potential
drug compounds, we may not be able to receive regulatory approval, or if approved, we may not be able to generate significant revenues
or successfully commercialize our products, which will adversely affect our financial results and financial condition and we will
have to delay or terminate some or all of our research and development plans which may force us to cease operations.   

All of our potential drug compounds will require
extensive additional research and development, including non-clinical testing and clinical trials, as well as regulatory approvals,
before we can market them. We cannot predict if or when any of the potential drug compounds we intend to develop will be approved
for marketing. There are many reasons that we may fail in our efforts to develop our potential drug compounds. These include: 

the possibility that non-clinical testing
or clinical trials may show that our potential drug compounds are ineffective and/or cause harmful side effects;    

our potential drug compounds may prove
to be too expensive to manufacture or administer to patients;    

our potential drug compounds may fail
to receive necessary regulatory approvals from the United States Food and Drug Administration or foreign regulatory authorities
in a timely manner, or at all;    

even if our potential drug compounds are
approved, we may not be able to produce them in commercial quantities or at reasonable costs;    

even if our potential drug compounds are
approved, they may not achieve commercial acceptance;    

regulatory or governmental authorities
may apply restrictions to any of our potential drug compounds, which could adversely affect their commercial success; and    

the proprietary rights of other parties
may prevent us or our potential collaborative partners from marketing our potential drug compounds.    

If we fail to develop our potential drug compounds,
our financial results and financial condition will be adversely affected, we will have to delay or terminate some or all of our
research and development plans and may be forced to cease operations. 

Our research and development plans will
require substantial additional future funding which could impact our operational and financial condition. Without the required
additional funds, we will likely cease operations.   

It will take several years before we can develop
potentially marketable products, if at all. Our research and development plans will require substantial additional capital, arising
from costs to: 

conduct research, non-clinical testing
and human studies;    

establish pilot scale and commercial scale
manufacturing processes and facilities; and    

establish and develop quality control,
regulatory, marketing, sales, finance and administrative capabilities to support these programs.    

Our future operating and capital needs will
depend on many factors, including: 

the pace of scientific progress in our
research and development programs and the magnitude of these programs;    

the scope and results of pre-clinical
testing and human studies;    

the time and costs involved in obtaining
regulatory approvals;    

the time and costs involved in preparing,
filing, prosecuting, securing, maintaining and enforcing patents;    

competing technological and market developments;    

our ability to establish additional collaborations;    

changes in our existing collaborations;    

the cost of manufacturing scale-up; and    

the effectiveness of our commercialization
activities.    

We base our outlook regarding the need for
funds on many uncertain variables. Such uncertainties include the success of our research initiatives, regulatory approvals, the
timing of events outside our direct control such as negotiations with potential strategic partners and other factors. Any of these
uncertain events can significantly change our cash requirements as they determine such one-time events as the receipt or payment
of major milestones and other payments. 

Additional funds will be required to support
our operations and if we are unable to obtain them on favorable terms, we may be required to cease or reduce further research and
development of our drug product programs, sell some or all our intellectual property, merge with another entity or cease operations. 

If we fail to demonstrate efficacy in
our non-clinical studies and clinical trials our future business prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially
adversely affected.   

The success of our research and development
efforts will be greatly dependent upon our ability to demonstrate potential drug compound efficacy in non-clinical studies, as
well as in clinical trials. Non-clinical studies involve testing potential drug compounds in appropriate non-human disease models
to demonstrate efficacy and safety. Regulatory agencies evaluate these data carefully before they will approve clinical testing
in humans. If certain non-clinical data reveals potential safety issues or the results are inconsistent with an expectation of
the potential drug compound s efficacy in humans, the regulatory agencies may require additional more rigorous testing before
allowing human clinical trials. This additional testing will increase program expenses and extend timelines. We may decide to suspend
further testing on our potential drug compounds if, in the judgment of our management and advisors, the non-clinical test results
do not support further development. 

Moreover, success in non-clinical testing and
early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the results of
later clinical trials will replicate the results of prior clinical trials and non-clinical testing. The clinical trial process
may fail to demonstrate that our potential drug compounds are safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. This failure would
cause us to abandon a drug candidate and may delay development of other potential drug compounds. Any delay in, or termination
of, our non-clinical testing or clinical trials will delay the filing of an investigational new drug application and new drug application
with the Food and Drug Administration or the equivalent applications with pharmaceutical regulatory authorities outside the United
States and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our potential drug compounds and generate product revenues. In addition, we
expect that our early clinical trials will involve small patient populations. Because of the small sample size, the results of
these early clinical trials may not be indicative of future results. 

Following successful non-clinical testing,
potential drug compounds will need to be tested in a clinical development program to provide data on safety and efficacy prior
to becoming eligible for product approval and licensure by regulatory agencies. From the first human trial through to regulatory
approval can take many years and 10-12 years is not unusual for certain compounds. 

If any of our future clinical development potential
drug compounds become the subject of problems, our ability to sustain our development programs will become critically compromised.
For example, efficacy or safety concerns may arise, whether or not justified, that could lead to the suspension or termination
of our clinical programs. Examples of problems that could arise include, among others: 

efficacy or safety concerns with the potential
drug compounds, even if not justified;    

manufacturing difficulties or concerns;    

regulatory proceedings subjecting the
potential drug compounds to potential recall;    

publicity affecting doctor prescription
or patient use of the potential drug compounds;    

pressure from competitive products; or    

introduction of more effective treatments.    

Each clinical phase is designed to test attributes
of the drug and problems that might result in the termination of the entire clinical plan can be revealed at any time throughout
the overall clinical program. The failure to demonstrate efficacy in our clinical trials would have a material adverse effect on
our future business prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

If we do not obtain the support of qualified
scientific collaborators, our revenue, growth and profitability will likely be limited, which would have a material adverse effect
on our business.   

We will need to establish relationships with
leading scientists and research institutions. We believe that such relationships are pivotal to establishing products using our
technologies as a standard of care for various indications. Additionally, although in discussion, there is no assurance that our
current research partners will continue to work with us or that we will be able to attract additional research partners. If we
are not able to establish scientific relationships to assist in our research and development, we may not be able to successfully
develop our potential drug compounds. If this happens, our business will be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to develop, market
or generate sales of our products to the extent anticipated. Our business may fail and investors could lose all their investment
in our Company.   

Assuming that we are successful in developing
our potential drug compounds and receiving regulatory clearances to market our products, our ability to successfully penetrate
the market and generate sales of those products may be limited by a number of factors, including the following: 

If our competitors receive regulatory
approvals for and begin marketing similar products in the United States, the European Union, Japan and other territories before
we do, greater awareness of their products as compared to ours will cause our competitive position to suffer;    

Information from our competitors or the
academic community indicating that current products or new products are more effective or offer compelling other benefits than
our future products could impede our market penetration or decrease our future market share; and    

The pricing and reimbursement environment
for our future products, as well as pricing and reimbursement decisions by our competitors and by payers, may have an effect on
our revenues.    

If this happens, our business will be adversely
affected. 

None of our potential drug compounds
may reach the commercial market for a number of reasons and our business may fail.   

Successful research and development of pharmaceutical
products is high risk. Most products and development candidates fail to reach the market. Our success depends on the discovery
of new drug compounds that we can commercialize. It is possible that our products may never reach the market for a number of reasons.
They may be found ineffective or may cause harmful side-effects during non-clinical testing or clinical trials or fail to receive
necessary regulatory approvals. We may find that certain products cannot be manufactured at a commercial scale and, therefore,
they may not be economical to produce. Our potential products could also fail to achieve market acceptance or be precluded from
commercialization by proprietary rights of third parties. Our patents, patent applications, trademarks and other intellectual property
may be challenged and this may delay or prohibit us from effectively commercializing our products. Furthermore, we do not expect
our potential drug compounds to be commercially available for a number of years, if at all. If none of our potential drug compounds
reach the commercial market, our business will likely fail and investors will lose all of their investment in our Company. If this
happens, our business will be adversely affected. 

If our competitors succeed in developing
products and technologies that are more effective or with a better profile than our own, or if scientific developments change our
understanding of the potential scope and utility of our potential products, then our technologies and future products may be rendered
undesirable or obsolete.   

We face significant competition from industry
participants that are pursuing technologies in similar disease states to those that we are pursuing and are developing pharmaceutical
products that are competitive with our products. Nearly all of our industry competitors have greater capital resources, larger
overall research and development staffs and facilities, and a longer history in drug discovery and development, obtaining regulatory
approval and pharmaceutical product manufacturing and marketing than we do. With these additional resources, our competitors may
be able to respond to the rapid and significant technological changes in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries faster
than we can. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these
technologies. Rapid technological development, as well as new scientific developments, may result in our products becoming obsolete
before we can recover any of the expenses incurred to develop them. For example, changes in our understanding of the appropriate
population of patients who should be treated with a targeted therapy like we are developing may limit the drug s market potential
if it is subsequently demonstrated that only certain subsets of patients should be treated with the targeted therapy. 

Our reliance on third parties, such as
university laboratories, contract manufacturing organizations and contract or clinical research organizations, may result in delays
in completing, or a failure to complete, non-clinical testing or clinical trials if they fail to perform under our agreements with
them.   

In the course of product development, we may
engage university laboratories, other biotechnology companies or contract or clinical manufacturing organizations to manufacture
drug material for us to be used in non-clinical and clinical testing and contract research organizations to conduct and manage
non-clinical and clinical studies. If we engage these organizations to help us with our non-clinical and clinical programs, many
important aspects of this process have been and will be out of our direct control. If any of these organizations we may engage
in the future fail to perform their obligations under our agreements with them or fail to perform non-clinical testing and/or clinical
trials in a satisfactory manner, we may face delays in completing our clinical trials, as well as commercialization of any of our
potential drug compounds. Furthermore, any loss or delay in obtaining contracts with such entities may also delay the completion
of our clinical trials, regulatory filings and the potential market approval of our potential drug compounds. 

If we fail to compete successfully with
respect to partnering, licensing, mergers, acquisitions, joint venture and other collaboration opportunities, we may be limited
in our ability to research and develop our potential drug compounds.   

Our competitors compete with us to attract
established biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies or organizations for partnering, licensing, mergers, acquisitions, joint
ventures or other collaborations. Collaborations include contracting with academic research institutions for the performance of
specific scientific testing. If our competitors successfully enter into partnering arrangements or license agreements with academic
research institutions, we will then be precluded from pursuing those specific opportunities. Since each of these opportunities
is unique, we may not be able to find a substitute. Other companies have already begun many drug development programs, which may
target diseases that we are also targeting, and have already entered into partnering and licensing arrangements with academic research
institutions, reducing the pool of available opportunities. 

Universities and public and private research
institutions also compete with us. While these organizations primarily have educational or basic research objectives, they may
develop proprietary technology and acquire patent applications and patents that we may need for the development of our potential
drug compounds. In some instances, we will attempt to license this proprietary technology, if available. These licenses may not
be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to compete successfully with respect to acquisitions, joint
venture and other collaboration opportunities, we may be limited in our ability to develop new products. 

The use of any of our products in clinical
trials may expose us to liability claims, which may cost us significant amounts of money to defend against or pay out, causing
our business to suffer.   

The nature of our business exposes us to potential
liability risks inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of our products. We currently have one drug compound in clinical
trials, however, when any of our products enter clinical trials or become marketed products, they could potentially harm people
or allegedly harm people possibly subjecting us to costly and damaging product liability claims. Some of the patients who participate
in clinical trials are already ill when they enter a trial or may intentionally or unintentionally fail to meet the exclusion criteria.
The waivers we obtain may not be enforceable and may not protect us from liability or the costs of product liability litigation.
Although we intend to obtain product liability insurance which we believe is adequate, we are subject to the risk that our insurance
will not be sufficient to cover claims. The insurance costs along with the defense or payment of liabilities above the amount of
coverage could cost us significant amounts of money and management distraction from other elements of the business, causing our
business to suffer. 

The patent positions of biopharmaceutical
products and processes are complex and uncertain and we may not be able to protect our patented or other intellectual property.
If we cannot protect this property, we may be prevented from using it or our competitors may use it and our business could suffer
significant harm. Also, the time and money we spend on acquiring and enforcing patents and other intellectual property will reduce
the time and money we have available for our research and development, possibly resulting in a slow down or cessation of our research
and development.    

We hold ownership or exclusive rights to three
issued U.S. patent and eight U.S. patent applications with various international counterpart applications, all of which relate
to drug candidates and methods associated therewith. Neither patents nor patent applications ensure the protection of our intellectual
property for a number of reasons, including the following: 

1.  
      Competitors may interfere with our patenting process in a variety of ways. Competitors may claim that they invented the claimed invention prior to us. Competitors may also claim that we are infringing their patents and restrict our freedom to operate. Competitors may also contest our patents and patent applications, if issued, by showing in various patent offices that, among other reasons, the patented subject matter was not original, was not novel or was obvious. In litigation, a competitor could claim that our patents and patent applications are not valid or enforceable for a number of reasons. If a court agrees, we would lose some or all of our patent protection. As a company, we have no meaningful experience with competitors interfering with our patents or patent applications.   

2.  
      Because of the time, money and effort involved in obtaining and enforcing patents, our management may spend less time and resources on developing potential drug compounds than they otherwise would, which could increase our operating expenses and delay product programs.   

3.  
      Issuance of a patent may not provide much practical protection. If we receive a patent of narrow scope, then it may be easier for competitors to design products that do not infringe our patent(s).   

4.  
      Our primary patent applications for ANAVEX TM  2-73 and the combination of ANAVEX TM  2-73 with donepezil are pending only in the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The lack of patent protection in global markets may inhibit our ability to advance our compounds and may make Anavex less attractive to potential partners.   

5.  
      Defending a patent lawsuit takes significant time and can be very expensive.   

6.  
      If a court decides that our drug compound, its method of manufacture or use, infringes on the competitor s patent, we may have to pay substantial damages for infringement.   

7.  
      A court may prohibit us from making, selling or licensing the potential drug compound unless the patent holder grants a license. A patent holder is not required to grant a license. If a license is available, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents, and the license terms may be unacceptable.   

8.  
      Redesigning our potential drug compounds so that they do not infringe on other patents may not be possible or could require substantial funds and time.   

It is also unclear whether our trade secrets
are adequately protected. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees or consultants may unintentionally
or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that someone illegally obtained and is using our trade
secrets, like patent litigation, is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside
the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge,
methods and know-how. 

We may also support and collaborate in research
conducted by government organizations, hospitals, universities or other educational institutions. These research partners may be
unable or unwilling to grant us exclusive rights to technology or products derived from these collaborations prior to entering
into the relationship. 

If we do not obtain required intellectual property
licenses or rights, we could encounter delays in our product development efforts while we attempt to design around other patents
or even be prohibited from developing, manufacturing or selling potential drug compounds requiring these rights or licenses. There
is also a risk that disputes may arise as to the rights to technology or potential drug compounds developed in collaboration with
other parties. 

If we are unable to safeguard against
security breaches with respect to our information systems our business may be adversely affected.   

In the course of our business, we gather, transmit
and retain confidential information through our information systems. Although we endeavor to protect confidential information through
the implementation of security technologies, processes and procedures, it is possible that an individual or group could defeat
security measures and access sensitive information about our business and employees. Any misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information gathered, stored or used by us could have a material impact on the operation of our business,
including damaging our reputation with our employees, third parties and investors. We could also incur significant costs implementing
additional security measures and organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees or
engaging consultants. In addition, we could incur increased litigation as a result of any potential cyber-security breach. We are
not aware that we have experienced any material misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally
identifiable information as a result of a cyber-security breach or other act, however, a cyber-security breach or other act and/or
disruption to our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock   

A decline in the price of our common
stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital and adversely impact our operations and would severely dilute existing
or future investors if we were to raise funds at lower prices.   

A prolonged decline in the price of our common
stock could result in a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because our operations have been financed through the sale of
equity securities, a decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our continued operations. Any
reduction in our ability to raise equity capital in the future would force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and would
have a significant negative effect on our business plans and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue
our current operations. If our stock price declines, there can be no assurance that we can raise additional capital or generate
funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. We believe the following factors could cause the market price of our
common stock to continue to fluctuate widely and could cause our common stock to trade at a price below the price at which you
purchase your shares of common stock: 

actual or anticipated variations in our
quarterly operating results;    

announcements of new services, products,
acquisitions or strategic relationships by us or our competitors;    

changes in accounting treatments or principles;    

changes in earnings estimates by securities
analysts and in analyst recommendations; and    

general political, economic, regulatory
and market conditions.    

The market price for our common stock may also
be affected by our ability to meet or exceed expectations of analysts or investors. Any failure to meet these expectations, even
if minor, could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If we issue additional shares of common
stock in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.   

Our articles of incorporation authorize the
issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock. Our board of directors has the authority to issue additional shares of common stock
up to the authorized capital stated in the articles of incorporation. Our board of directors may choose to issue some or all such
shares of common stock to acquire one or more businesses or to provide additional financing in the future. The issuance of any
such shares of common stock will result in a reduction of the book value or market price of the outstanding shares of our common
stock. If we do issue any such additional shares of common stock, such issuance also will cause a reduction in the proportionate
ownership and voting power of all other stockholders. Further, any such issuance may result in a change of control of our corporation. 

Trading of our common stock may be volatile
and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their
shares.   

There is currently a limited market for our
common stock and the volume of our common stock traded on any day may vary significantly from one period to another. Trading in
our stock is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do
with our operations or business prospects. The availability of buyers and sellers represented by this volatility could lead to
a market price for our common stock that is unrelated to operating performance. There is no assurance that a sufficient market
will develop in the stock, in which case it could be difficult for our stockholders to resell their stock. 

The sale or issuance of our common stock
to Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by Lincoln Park, or the perception that
such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall.   

On October 21, 2015, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement (the   Purchase Agreement  ) with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (  Lincoln Park  ),
pursuant to which Lincoln Park committed to purchase up to $50,000,000 of our common stock. Concurrently with the execution of
the Purchase Agreement, we agreed to issue 179,598 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee and shall issue
up to 89,799 shares pro rata, when and if, Lincoln Park purchases at the Company s discretion the $50,000,000 aggregate commitment.
The purchase shares that may be sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our discretion from
time to time over a 36-month period commencing after the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) declared effective
the related registration statement. The purchase price for the shares that we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement
will fluctuate based on the price of our common stock. Depending on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause
the trading price of our common stock to fall. 

We generally have the right to control the
timing and amount of any sales of our shares to Lincoln Park, except that, pursuant to the terms of our agreements with Lincoln
Park, we would be unable to sell shares to Lincoln Park if and when the closing sale price of our common stock is below $3.00 per
share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Additional sales of our common stock, if any, to Lincoln Park
will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us. Lincoln Park may ultimately purchase all the shares
of our common stock that may be sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and, after it has acquired shares, Lincoln Park may sell
all, some or none of those shares. Therefore, sales to Lincoln Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests
of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park,
or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future
at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS   

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  

We do not own any real property. We maintain
several offices of which the office at 7th Floor, 51 West 52nd Street, New York, NY, USA is our main office. Our lease costs are
$11,500 per month. We believe our offices are suitable and adequate to operate our business now as they provide us with sufficient
space to conduct our operations. We fully utilize our current premises. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

On December 30,
2015, Kevin Cortina filed a purported class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, Cortina v. Anavex   Life Sciences Corp., et al., Case No. 1:15-cv-10162, against the Company, Christopher
Missling, Sandra Boenisch, and Athanasios Skarpelos.  The complaint alleges violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of purchasers of the Company s stock between May 17, 2013 and December 28, 2015. 
The complaint alleges that defendants made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business,
operational, and compliance policies.  Among other things, the complaint alleges that the Company failed to disclose that
it used a paid stock promoter to artificially inflate the Company s share price.  The complaint does not specify an
amount of damages sought.  On April 5, 2016 the court appointed Lam Truong as lead plaintiff and Levi   Korsinsky to
serve as lead counsel.  On April 13, 2016, the court granted lead plaintiff thirty days to amend the complaint and set
a briefing schedule. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on June 13, 2016. The parties have fully briefed this
motion and it is currently pending before the court.  Defendants believe this action is meritless and deny all allegations
against them.  The Company intends to vigorously defend this matter. 

On March 12, 2016, Jeffery Dhungana filed a purported shareholder derivative action in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, in the County of New York, Dhungana v. Missling, et. al., Case No. 651317-2016, against Christopher
Missling and other officers and directors at the Company.  The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary
duties to the Company in connection with events alleged in the Cortina matter described above.  The complaint seeks
damages of an unspecified amount, a declaration that the defendants violated their fiduciary duties, and an order directing the
Company and defendants to improve its corporate governance and internal procedures.  On May 11, 2016, the parties stipulated
to a temporary stay of the Dhungana action. On March 18, 2016, Mary McCambell filed an action in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, McCambell v. Missling, et. al., Case No. 1:16-cv-02035. The allegations
in the McCambell complaint are substantively similar to those asserted in the Dhungana complaint.  Like
the Dhungana complaint, the McCambell complaint seeks damages of an unspecified amount and an order directing
the Company to take all necessary actions to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures. On May 12, 2016,
the court entered an order temporarily staying the McCambell action. 

Other than as disclosed under this Item 3, we know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings
to which we or our subsidiary are a party or of which any of our properties is the subject. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Market information   

Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC ( NASDAQ ) under the symbol  AVXL.  Our shares of common stock began trading on NASDAQ effective
October 28, 2015. Prior to October 28, 2015 and during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, our common stock was quoted on
the OTC Markets - OTCQX under the trading symbol  AVXL . 

The following table contains information about the range of high and low sale prices for our common stock
over the fiscal quarters for the last two fiscal years as quoted on NASDAQ and OTCQX, as applicable. Investors should not rely
on historical prices of our common stock as an indication of its future price performance. On December 12, 2016, the closing price
of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ was $4.88 per share. 

Transfer Agent   

Shares of our common stock are issued in registered
form. The Nevada Agency and Trust Company, 50 West Liberty Street, Reno, Nevada (Telephone: (775) 322-0626; Facsimile: (775) 322-5623)
is the registrar and transfer agent for shares of our common stock. 

Holders of Common Stock    

As of  December 12, 2016, there
were approximately 56 holders of record of our common stock. As of such date, 39,610,967 shares of our common stock were issued
and outstanding.  

Dividends    

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have
no intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use
in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our
board of directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans or Individual Compensation Arrangements    

The following table summarizes certain information
regarding our equity compensation plan or individual compensation arrangements as at September 30, 2016: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  
 
     Plan Category    
     Number of securities to  be issued upon exercise  of outstanding options,  warrants and rights   (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)       
     Number of securities  remaining available for  future issuances under  equity compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected in  column (a))  (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        6,050,553       
        5.20       
        3,370,303     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
        6,050,553       
                
        3,370,303     

Stock Option Plan    

On September 18, 2015, our board of directors
approved a 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ), which provides for the grant of stock options and restricted
stock awards to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company. The approval of the 2015 Plan was ratified by the
Company s stockholders on May 6, 2016. 

The maximum number of our common shares reserved
for issue under the plan is 6,050,553 shares subject to adjustment in the event of a change of the Company s capitalization.
As a result of the adoption of the 2015 Plan, no further option awards will be granted under any previously existing stock option
plan. Stock option awards previously granted under previously existing stock option plans remain outstanding in accordance with
their terms. 

The purpose of the 2015 Plan is to retain the
services of valued key employees and consultants of our company and such other persons as will be select in accordance with the
2015 Plan, and to encourage such persons to acquire a greater proprietary interest in our company, thereby strengthening their
incentive to achieve the objectives of the shareholders of our company, and to serve as an aid and inducement in the hiring of
new employees and to provide an equity incentive to consultants. 

The 2015 Plan is administered by the board
of directors, except that it may, in its discretion, delegate such responsibility to a committee of such board. The exercise price
will be determined by the board of directors at the time of grant, and the exercise price of each option shall be at least the
fair market value on the grant date; provided, however, that in the event that a grantee owns more than 10% of the Company s
common stock as of the date of grant, the exercise price of an option granted to such grantee that is intended to be an incentive
stock option shall be not less than 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant. Stock options may be granted under the
2015 Plan for an exercise period of up to ten years from the date of grant of the option or such lesser periods as may be determined
by the board, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the terms of the 2015 Plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Since the beginning of our fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016, we have not sold any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 that were
not previously reported in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by Our
Company and Affiliated Purchasers   

None. 

ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA  

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION   

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016,
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains  forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements are generally written in
the future tense and/or are preceded by words such as  may,   should,   forecast,   could, 
 expect,   suggest,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   plan, 
or other similar words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve a number of risks and
uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected
results include, but are not limited to, those discussed in  Risk Factors  elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Readers are expressly advised to review and consider those Risk Factors, which include risks associated with (1) our ability
to successfully conduct clinical and preclinical trials for our product candidates, (2) our ability to obtain required regulatory
approvals to develop and market our product candidates, (3) our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms, (4) our
ability to execute our development plan on time and on budget, (5) our ability to obtain commercial partners, (6) our ability,
whether alone or with commercial partners, to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that may be approved for
sale, and (7) our ability to identify and obtain additional product candidates. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying
the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate,
and therefore there can be no assurance that such statements will be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent
in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation
by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved.
Furthermore, past performance in operations and share price is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Except as required
by applicable laws including the securities laws of the United States, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Our Business   

Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (the  Company )
is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of differentiated therapeutics for the treatment of neurodegenerative
and neurodevelopmental diseases including drug candidates to treat Alzheimer s disease, other central nervous system ( CNS )
diseases, pain and various types of cancer. The Company s lead compound ANAVEX TM  2-73 is being developed to treat
Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease and potentially other central nervous system diseases, including rare diseases,
such as Rett syndrome. 

In November 2016, a Phase 2a clinical trial
going over 52 weeks was completed for ANAVEX TM  2-73 in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer s patients. This open-label
randomized trial met both primary and secondary endpoints, and was designed to assess the safety and exploratory efficacy of ANAVEX TM 
2-73 in 32 patients. ANAVEX TM  2-73 targets sigma-1 and muscarinic receptors, which have been shown in preclinical studies
to reduce stress levels in the brain believed to restore cellular homeostasis and to reverse the pathological hallmarks observed
in Alzheimer s disease. ANAVEX TM  2-73 showed no serious adverse events in a previously performed Phase 1 study.
In pre-clinical studies, ANAVEX TM  2-73 demonstrated anti-amnesic and neuroprotective properties in various animal models
including the transgenic mouse model Tg2576. In March 2016, we received approval from the Ethics Committee in Australia to extend
the ongoing Phase 2a clinical trial, which had been requested by patients and their caregivers.  The trial extension allows
participants who complete 52 weeks in PART B to roll-over into a new trial and continue taking ANAVEX TM  2-73 for an
additional 104 weeks, providing an opportunity to gather extended safety data.  The trial is independent of the Company s
planned larger Phase 2/3 double-blind, placebo-controlled study of ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Alzheimer s disease. 

In February 2016, the Company presented
positive preclinical data for ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Rett syndrome, a rare neurodevelopmental disease indication. The study
was funded by the Rettsyndrome.org foundation. 

In September 2016, the Company presented positive preclinical data for ANAVEX TM  2-73 in Parkinson s
disease, which demonstrated significant improvements on all measures: behavioral, histopathological, and neuroinflammatory endpoints.
The study was funded by the Michael J Fox Foundation ( MJFF ). 

We intend to identify and initiate discussions
with potential commercial partners in the next 12 months. Further, we may acquire or develop new intellectual property and assign,
license, or otherwise transfer our intellectual property to further our goals. 

Financial Highlights   

We had cash of approximately $9.2 million at
September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $15.3 million at September 30, 2015. The principal reason for the decrease in cash
is due to cash used in operations and for the advancement of clinical trial work and preclinical development. 

Operating expenses in fiscal 2016 were approximately
$15.6 million, compared to approximately $7.1 million in fiscal 2015 and $3.0 million in fiscal 2014. This increase was primarily
attributable to ongoing clinical trial activities, preclinical work, an expansion of the Company s team and increased legal
fees.  Operating expenses in fiscal 2016 include $5.1 million in non-cash compensation charges, compared
to $1.6 million in fiscal 2015. 

We expect our research and development expenses
will continue to increase as a result of our ongoing Phase 2a clinical trial extension, advancement into the Company s planned
larger Phase 2/3 clinical study, and other auxiliary research and development activities. We continue to target potential research
partners to further advance our pipeline compounds. 

Net loss for fiscal 2016 was $14.7 million,
or $0.42 per share, compared to a net loss of approximately $12.1 million, or $0.65 per share for fiscal 2015 and $10.0 million,
or $1.02 per share for fiscal 2014. 

Results of Operations   

Revenue    

We have not earned any revenues since our inception
on January 23, 2004. We are still in the development stage and do not anticipate earning any revenues until we can establish an
alliance with other companies to develop, co-develop, license, acquire or market our products. 

Year ended September 30, 2016 compared to
year ended September 30, 2015  

Operating Expenses    

Our operating expenses for the year ended September
30, 2016 were approximately $15.6 million which as an increase of 119% compared to approximately $7.1 million for the year ended
September 30, 2015. 

The increase was mainly attributable to an
increase in research and development expenses, as well as an increase in salaries and wages, including non-cash stock based compensation
charges. 

Our research and development expenses for
the year ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $7.3 million as compared to approximately $2.3 million for the year ended
September 30, 2015, which represents an increase of 219%. Our research and development expenses have increased significantly as
a result of an increase in expenses related to our Phase 2a clinical trial for ANAVEX TM  2-73 for Alzheimer s
disease, which commenced in December, 2014; and a significant increase in preclinical activities undertaken for ANAVEX TM
 2-73 for other CNS indications. 

Salaries and wages increased as a result of
our expanded team. We incurred non-cash stock based compensation charges of $5.1 million associated with the vesting of stock options
and restricted stock units issued to directors and officers, management and employees as part of long term compensation packages.
In addition, we incurred other non-recurring compensation charges associated with the vesting of restricted stock awards to our
CEO, in connection with the achievement of certain performance milestones stipulated in his 2013 employment agreement. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, we
also incurred an increase in legal fees as a result of financing and SEC related activities. 

Other income (expenses)  

The aggregate amount in the other income (expense)
for the year ended September 30, 2016, amounted to $0.9 million as compared to $(5.0) million for the comparable year ended September
30, 2015. 

The
largest reason for the increase in other income was a result of an amount of $0.7 million in grant income received during the
period. We received a grant in the amount of $0.57 million as part of a research and development incentive program offered by
the Australian government, in connection with eligible expenditures on our Phase 2a clinical trial, which was conducted in Australia.
In addition, we received a research grant from the Michael J. Fox Foundation ( MJFF ) to develop ANAVEX TM 
2-73    for the treatment of Parkinson s
disease. The MJFF research grant is being received over a period of two years and is being recognized into income as the related
expenditures are incurred. During the year ended September  30, 2016, we recognized $0.14 million
of this grant on our statement of operations.    

In
addition, there was a decrease in financing-related charges as a result of the conversion of a majority of the remaining principal
balance on outstanding convertible debentures during the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.  

Year ended September 30, 2015 compared to
year ended September 30, 2014  

Operating Expenses    

Our operating expenses for the year ended
September 30, 2015 were $7.1 million, compared to approximately $3.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. The increase
was mainly attributable to an increase in research and development expenses related to our Phase 2a clinical trial for ANAVEX TM
 2-73, which commenced in December, 2014. In addition, the increase was attributable to compensation charges associated with
the vesting of restricted stock awards to our CEO, in connection with the achievement of certain performance milestones. During
the year ended September 30, 2015 we also incurred an increase in consulting fees relating to several consultants engaged to assist
the Company with business development and scientific review, and legal fees relating to an increase in financing related activities. 

Other income (expenses)  

The aggregate amount in the other income (expense)
for the year ended September 30, 2015, amounted to $(5.0) million as compared to $(8.4) million for the comparable year ended September
30, 2014. The largest single decrease in this loss was as a result of certain non-cash, non-operational accounting charges related
to amendments to the Debentures in the comparative period which resulted in a non-cash accounting charge being recorded on the
statement of operations in that period. Other net expenses in the current year consist primarily of accretion charges associated
with the early conversion of a majority of the remaining principal balances owing under the Debentures during the year ended September
30, 2015. 

Income tax expense (benefit)  

The Company did not have any income tax expense
during the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company recognized a deferred income tax
benefit of $1.4 million in connection with the issuance of Convertible Debentures and a related beneficial conversion feature for
accounting purposes, which effectively created a temporary difference for tax purposes. The temporary difference for tax purposes
was recognized as a deferred income tax liability, which in turn resulted in the Company being able to reduce its existing valuation
allowance against deferred income tax assets available to offset such liability. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

Working Capital   

As of September 30, 2016, we had $9.2 million
in cash, a decrease from $15.3 million at September 30, 2015. The principal reason for the decrease in cash is due to cash used
in operations and for the advancement of research and development. During the year ended September 30, 2016, operating expenses
used $9.2 million in cash. 

At December 12, 2016, we had $17.3 million
in cash. We intend to use the majority of our capital resources to complete the next clinical trial for ANAVEX TM  2-73,
and to perform work necessary to prepare for further clinical development. 

Cash Flows 

Cash flow used in operating activities 

The increase in cash used in operating activities
during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily as a result of increased research and development activities and an
increase in internal staffing costs, as more fully described above, and as a result of non-recurring tax payments made on behalf
of a director and officer of the Company in accordance with a 2013 employment agreement. 

The increase in cash used in operating activities
during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily as a result of the increased research and development activities as
a result of the commencement of Phase 2a clinical trial work in December, 2014. 

Cash used in investing activities 

There was no material amount of cash used in
investing activities during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

Cash flow provided by financing activities 

Cash provided by financing activities for fiscal
2016 was mostly attributable to cash received pursuant to the exercise of outstanding share purchase warrants, and cash received
from the issuance of common shares under the Purchase Agreements with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( Lincoln Park ). 

Cash provided by financing activities for fiscal
2015 was primarily attributable to cash received pursuant to the exercise of outstanding share purchase warrants and cash from
the issuance of common shares under a purchase agreement entered into with Lincoln Park on July 5, 2013, pursuant to which Lincoln
Park initially purchased 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock for $100,000 and the Company had the right, in its
sole discretion over a 25-month period, to sell to Lincoln Park up to the additional aggregate commitment of $9.9 Million of shares
of common stock. 

In fiscal 2014 cash inflows from financing
activities were primarily received from the issuance of Senior Secured Convertible debentures in that period. 

Other Financings 

$50 Million Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement  

On October 21, 2015, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement (the   Purchase Agreement  ) with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which Lincoln Park committed to purchase
up to $50,000,000 of our common stock. Concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, we issued 179,598 shares of our
common stock to Lincoln Park as a fee for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement. The
purchase shares that may be sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our discretion from time
to time over a 36-month period commencing after the SEC declared effective the related registration statement. 

The Company may direct Lincoln Park, at its
sole discretion, and subject to certain conditions, to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock on any business day, provided
that at least one business day has passed since the most recent purchase. The amount of a purchase may be increased under certain
circumstances provided, however that Lincoln Park s committed obligation under any single purchase shall not exceed $2,000,000.
The purchase price of shares of common stock related to the future funding will be based on the then prevailing market prices of
such shares at the time of sales as described in the Purchase Agreement. 

Other than our rights related to the Lincoln
Park financing, there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that
it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, if
and when it is needed, we will be forced to delay or scale down some or all of our research and development activities or perhaps
even cease the operation of our business. 

We expect that we will be able to continue
to fund our operations through existing cash on hand and through equity and debt financing in the future. If we raise additional
financing by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted. Obtaining commercial loans,
assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September
30, 2016, excluding amounts related to uncertain tax positions, funding commitments, contingent development, regulatory and commercial
milestone payments: 

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies   

Our financial statements and accompanying notes
are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Preparing financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These
estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding
the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial statements is critical
to an understanding of our financial statements. 

We base our assumptions and estimates on historical
experience and other sources that we believe to be reasonable at the time. Actual results may vary from our estimates due to changes
in circumstances, politics, global economics, general business conditions and other factors. Our significant estimates are related
to the valuation of warrants and options. 

There are accounting policies that we believe
are significant to the presentation of our financial statements. The most significant of these accounting policies relates to the
accounting for our research and development expenses and stock-based compensation expense and derivative liabilities. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and developments costs are expensed
as incurred. These expenses are comprised of the costs of our proprietary research and development efforts, including salaries,
facilities costs, overhead costs and other related expenses as well as costs incurred in connection with third-party collaboration
efforts. Milestone payments made by us to third parties are expensed when the specific milestone has been achieved. 

In addition, we incur expenses in respect of
the acquisition of intellectual property relating to patents and trademarks. The probability of success and length of time to developing
commercial applications of the drugs subject to the acquired patents and trademarks is difficult to determine and numerous risks
and uncertainties exist with respect to the timely completion of the development projects. There is no assurance the acquired patents
and trademarks will ever be successfully commercialized. Due to these risks and uncertainties, we expense the acquisition of patents
and trademarks. 

Stock-based Compensation 

We account for all stock-based payments and
awards under the fair value based method. 

Stock-based payments to non-employees are measured
at the fair value of the consideration received, or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, or liabilities incurred, whichever
is more reliably measurable. The fair value of stock-based payments to non-employees is periodically re-measured until the counterparty
performance is complete, and any change therein is recognized over the vesting period of the award and in the same manner as if
we had paid cash instead of paying with or using equity based instruments. Compensation costs for stock-based payments with graded
vesting are recognized on a straight-line basis. The cost of the stock-based payments to non-employees that are fully vested and
non-forfeitable at the grant date is measured and recognized at that date, unless there is a contractual term for services in which
case such compensation would be amortized over the contractual term. 

We account for the granting of share purchase
options to employees using the fair value method whereby all awards to employees will be recorded at fair value on the date of
the grant. The fair value of all share purchase options are expensed over their vesting period with a corresponding increase to
additional capital surplus. 

We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model
to calculate the fair value of share purchase options at the date of the grant. Option pricing models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Changes in assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
and therefore the Black-Scholes model does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of our share purchase
options. 

Derivative Liabilities 

From time to time, we may issue warrants and
convertible promissory notes with embedded conversion options which, dependent on their specific contractual terms or other conditions,
may be required to be accounted for as separate derivative liabilities. These liabilities are required to be measured at fair value.
These instruments are then adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end. Any increase or decrease in the fair value is recorded
in results of operations as change in fair value of derivative liabilities. In determining the appropriate fair value, we use the
binomial pricing model because these instruments are not quoted on an active market. 

Option pricing models require the input of
highly subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Changes in assumptions can materially affect the fair value
estimate and therefore the binomial model does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of these instruments. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an
Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period ( ASU 2014-12 ). ASU 2014-12
requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated
as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair value of
the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which
the requisite service has already been rendered. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. This standard is effective for the Company beginning on October
1, 2016. The adoption of this standard will not have a material impact for any period presented. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU
2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern,
and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the
first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In May 2014, the
FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued a converged standard on revenue recognition from contracts
with customers, ASU 2014-09 (Topic 606 and IFRS 15). This standard will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance.
ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption
of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period presented. 

In April 2015, the FASB, issued the Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , that requires debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as
an asset. For public business entities, the final guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015,
however, early adoption (including in interim periods) is permitted. Upon adoption, an entity must apply the new guidance retrospectively
to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. An entity is also required in the year of adoption to provide certain
disclosures about the change in accounting principle, including the nature of and reason for the change, the transition method,
a description of the prior-period information that has been retrospectively adjusted and the effect of the change on the financial
statement line items (that is, debt issuance cost asset and the debt liability). The adoption of this standard is not expected
to have a material impact for any period presented. 

In November 2015,
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17  Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU
2015-17 ). ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement to bifurcate deferred taxes between current and non-current on the balance
sheet and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective
for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years.
The amendments for ASU-2015-17 can be applied retrospectively or prospectively and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of
this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period presented. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The guidance
would require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right  of-use
assets. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2018. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASC 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). These amendments are intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities,
and classification on the statement of cash flows. These amendments are effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning on or after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Entities have the option to apply the amendments on
either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance
will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Other than noted above, we do not expect the
adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position
or cash flow. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We are exposed to a variety of market risks,
including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange risk and equity price risk. 

Interest Rate Risk  

We invest a major portion of our cash surplus
in bank deposits in the United States and, to a lesser extent, Australia. Since the bank deposits typically carry fixed interest
rates, financial income over the holding period is not sensitive to changes in interest rates, but only the fair value of these
instruments. However, our interest gains from future deposits could decline in the future as a result of changes in the financial
markets. In any event, given the historic low levels of the interest rate, we estimate that a decline in the interest rate we are
currently receiving will not result in a material adverse effect to our business. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  

A significant portion of our expenditures,
including clinical research expenses relate to our operations in Australia and a portion of our consultancy expenses are incurred
in Euros.  The cost of those expenses, as expressed in US dollars, is influenced by the exchange rate of these currencies
against the US Dollar. If the US dollar declines in value in relation to these currencies, it will become more expensive for
us to fund our operations. To limit this risk, the Company holds minimal cash reserves in Australian Dollars and Euros. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

See pages F-1 through F-24 following the
Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL MATTERS   

Not Applicable 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to
provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, our chief executive officer
and our principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, as of September 30, 2016, because of a material weakness in our internal
controls over financial reporting, as discussed below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting    

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).  

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on this evaluation, our management
concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were ineffective as of September 30, 2016. The ineffectiveness of
our internal controls over financial reporting was due to the existence of a material weakness. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management
identified the following material weakness: 

We had a lack of adequate oversight related to the development and performance of internal controls. Due to the limited number of personnel in the Company,
there are inherent limitations to segregation of duties among the Company s personnel to perform adequate oversight.    

To address this material weakness, management
performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Accordingly, we believe
that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented 

Remediation   

Following the Audit Committee s independent
review, and in response to the material weakness discussed above, we plan on taking the following measures to improve internal
control over financial reporting: 

Management will request the board of directors,
including the audit committee, develop additional procedures to perform oversight of development and performance of internal controls.    

Management and our Audit Committee will
monitor these remedial measures and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures. 

BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, has provided an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as
of September 30, 2016, which is included herein. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company made the following changes to its internal controls
over financial reporting: 

(i)  We extensively updated written policies and procedures for our risk assessment,
                                                               accounting and financial reporting processes using the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)
                                                               issued by COSO; and   

(ii)  We established an internal whistleblower hotline; and   

(iii)  We updated our Code of Ethics and documented our corporate policies and procedures in an Employee
Handbook.   

Other than such changes, there were no other
changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d)
or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Form 10-K that materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Directors and Executive Officers   

Our directors are to be elected at our annual
meeting and each director elected is to hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Our board of directors
may remove our officers at any time. 

Our directors and executive officers, their
age, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Business Experience   

The following is a brief account of the education
and business experience of directors and executive officers during at least the past five years, indicating their principal occupation
during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed. 

Christopher Missling, PhD . Christopher
Missling has over twenty (20) years of healthcare industry experience in big pharmaceutical, biotech industry and investment banking.
Most recently, from March 2007 until his appointment by our company, Mr. Missling served as the head of healthcare investment banking
at Brimberg   Co. in New York, New York. Also, Mr. Missling served as the Chief Financial Officer of Curis, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRIS)
and ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN). Mr. Missling earned his MS and PhD from the University of Munich and an MBA from Northwestern
University Kellogg School of Management and WHU Otto Beisheim School of Management. 

Athanasios Skarpelos . Athanasios (Tom)
Skarpelos is a self-employed investor with 18 years of experience working with private and public companies. For the past 10 years,
he has been focused on biotechnology companies involved in drug discovery and drug development projects. Mr. Skarpelos was engaged
as a consultant to our company for one year effective August 2, 2010. His experience has led to relationships with researchers
at academic institutes in Europe and North America. Mr. Skarpelos is a founder of Anavex. 

Bernd Metzner, PhD.  Bernd Metzner is
currently the Chief Financial Officer of the Stroeer Group. Previously, he was Chief Administration Officer and member of the Board
of Management of Bayer Schering Pharma AG, the pharmaceutical division of $100+ billion market cap company Bayer AG. In this position,
Dr. Metzner had worldwide financial responsibility for the Bayer Pharma Group. During his almost 10-years with Bayer AG, Dr. Metzner
also held several senior international management positions in the corporate finance organization of Bayer AG, including Chief
Financial Officer of Bayer S.p.A. Italy and heading the coordination of the successful spin-off of Lanxess, a specialty chemicals
group. Dr. Metzner started his career at the law firm Flick Gocke Schaumburg and has a degree in business administration from the
University of Siegen. After obtaining his doctorate, he became a chartered accountant. 

Elliot Favus, MD.  Elliot Favus is Chief
Executive Officer of Favus Institutional Research, a healthcare research firm serving institutional investors. He has been a healthcare
equity research analyst on Wall Street since 2006, starting at Lazard Capital Markets and subsequently at Och-Ziff Capital Management
Group. Prior to working on Wall Street, Dr. Favus was an Instructor in medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York.
He attended the University of Michigan (BA, 1996), the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine (MD, 2001) and the NYU-Bellevue
Hospital Internal Medicine Residency Program (2004). He is board-certified in Internal Medicine (2004) and has 10 years of basic
science laboratory experience working on human genetics projects at Harvard Medical School, the University of Chicago and the University
of Pittsburgh. 

Steffen Thomas, PhD  Steffen Thomas,
PhD, has over 15 years of experience as a European patent attorney and is currently practicing at Epping Hermann Fischer, a major
intellectual property law firm in Europe. Previously, he worked for Japan-based Takeda Pharmaceutical Company, the largest pharmaceutical
company in Asia and a top firm worldwide, as an in-house patent attorney. Prior to that, he worked for Nycomed Pharma, acquired
by Takeda in 2011 for approximately USD $10 billion. Dr. Thomas  legal practice covers drafting of patent applications, prosecuting
patent applications before national and international patent offices, defending and challenging patents in opposition, appeal,
and nullity proceedings, enforcing patents before the infringement courts, and preparing opinions on patentability and infringement
in the technical field of chemistry. Dr. Thomas has particular expertise in small molecule pharmaceuticals. He holds MS and PhD
degrees in Chemistry from the University of Munich. 

Sandra Boenisch, CPA, CGA  Ms. Boenisch
is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA, CGA) with 14 years of accounting, audit, and financial reporting experience in a variety
of industries, both in the United States and Canada. Ms. Boenisch has been an independent consultant, providing financial reporting
services to a range of public companies in the United States and Canada since January 2012. From 2008 until 2012, Ms. Boenisch
was employed at BDO Canada LLP (Vancouver, BC) where she was hired as a Senior Accountant and was later promoted to Manager, Audit
Assurance. Ms. Boenisch specialized in managing assurance engagements for public companies in the United States and Canada. Prior
to that, Ms. Boenisch worked for a public accounting firm beginning in 2001. As an independent consultant, Ms. Boenisch has acquired
considerable experience in finance, governance, and regulatory compliance. She holds a BComm from Laurentian University. 

Family Relationships   

There are no family relationships between any
director or executive officer. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings   

There are no material proceedings to which
any director or executive officer or any associate of any such director or officer is a party adverse to our company or has a material
interest adverse to our company. 

No director or executive officer has been involved
in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1.  any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   

2.  any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offences);   

3.  being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities;   

4.  being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange
Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the
judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;   

5.  being the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment,
decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state
securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or
temporary or permanent cease- and- desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail
or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

6.  being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered
entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934    

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning
their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors
and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) reports that they file. 

Based solely on the
copies of such reports and amendments thereto received by us, or written representations that no filings were required, we believe
that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers and directors and 10% stockholders were met for
the year ended September 30, 2016, with the exception of the following: (i) Dr. Missling did not timely file one (1) Form 4 report
in which one (1) transaction was reported, and (ii) Dr. Favus did not timely file three (3) Form 4 reports in which three (3) transactions
were reported. 

Code of Ethics   

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to our directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions and to all employees. We have posted our policy on our website at  www.anavex.com . 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Experts    

The members of the Audit Committee are Bernd
Metzner (Chairman), Athanasios Skarpelos and Steffen Thomas. Our board of directors has determined that Bernd Metzner is an  audit
committee financial expert  as defined by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

The Audit Committee oversees and reports to
our board of directors on various auditing and accounting-related matters, including, among other things, the maintenance of the
integrity of our financial statements, reporting process and internal controls; the selection, evaluation, compensation and retention
of our independent registered public accounting firm; legal and regulatory compliance, including our disclosure controls and procedures;
and oversight over our risk management policies and procedures. 

The Audit Committee operates under a charter
that was adopted by our board of directors. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee   

The members of our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee are Bernd Metzner (Chairman) and Steffen Thomas. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
is appointed by the Board to oversee and evaluate the Board's performance and the company's compliance with corporate governance
regulations, guidelines and principles, to identify individuals qualified to become Board members, to recommend to the Board proposed
nominees for Board membership, and to recommend to the Board directors to serve on each standing committee. 

Compensation Committee   

The members of our Compensation Committee are
Bernd Metzner (Chairman) and Steffen Thomas. 

The Compensation Committee assists our board
of directors in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of our directors and executive officers. Its responsibilities
include, among other things, reviewing, approving and recommending compensation programs and arrangements applicable to our officers;
determining the objectives of our executive officer compensation programs; overseeing the evaluation of our senior executives;
administering our incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans, including reviewing and granting equity awards to our executive
officers; and reviewing and approving director compensation and benefits. The Compensation Committee can delegate to other members
of our board of directors, or an officer or officers of the Company, the authority to review and grant stock-based compensation
for employees who are not executive officers. 

The Compensation Committee has the responsibilities
and authority designated by Nasdaq rules. Specifically, the Compensation Committee has the sole discretion to select and receive
advice from a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for oversight of their work.
The Compensation Committee must also determine reasonable compensation to be paid to such advisors by us. 

Prior to the formation of our Compensation Committee, our board
of directors performed the functions that would have been handled by the Compensation Committee. 

The Compensation Committee operates under a charter that was adopted
by our board of directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION  

The Company s compensation objectives
are to offer our executive officers compensation and benefits that are competitive and meet our goals of attracting, retaining
and motivating highly skilled, talented management, which is necessary for the Company to achieve its financial and strategic objectives
and create long-term value for our stockholders. 

A significant portion of
the Company s executive compensation opportunity is related to factors that directly and indirectly influence shareholder
value, including long-term stock performance and operational performance. We believe the levels of compensation we provide should
be competitive, reasonable and appropriate for our business needs and circumstances. 

Our Executive Compensation
Program and Philosophy   

The intent of the Company s compensation
program is to attract and retain talent, to create incentives for and to reward excellent performance. We seek to compensate our
executives in a manner that is competitive, rewards performance that creates shareholder value, recognizes individual contributions,
and encourages long-term value creation. 

The Compensation Committee meets at least twice
per year to review and evaluate executive compensation and each executive officer s performance. The Compensation Committee
utilizes quantitative and qualitative factors, including the accomplishment of initiatives, attitude, and leadership and applies
overall judgment to assess performance, taking into account the financial condition of the Company. Ultimately, the Compensation
Committee seeks to evaluate, based on the achievement of financial and nonfinancial objectives, the variable compensation, including
special awards, of executive officers of the Company and decide on the base salary and target discretionary bonus for such persons
taking into account relevant benchmark data. 

The Compensation Committee believes that a
significant portion of each executive s compensation opportunity should be tied to variable compensation and value creation
for shareholders. The Compensation Committee believes this mix provides an appropriate balance between the financial security required
to attract and retain qualified individuals, and the Compensation Committee s goal of ensuring that executive compensation
rewards performance that benefits shareholders over the long term. 

Compensation Consultants   

The Compensation Committee makes recommendations
to the Board for all compensation for executives, including the structure and design of the compensation programs. The Compensation
Committee is responsible for retaining and terminating compensation consultants and determining the terms and conditions of their
engagement. 

Annual Discretionary
Cash Bonuses   

The Company has an annual discretionary cash
bonus program. The Compensation Committee, or board of directors works with the Chief Executive Officer to evaluate the Company s
financial performance and overall financial condition to determine if discretionary bonuses are to be paid. 

Benefits   

The Company s executives are entitled
to participate in employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements implemented by the Company and generally available to all salaried
employees, such as medical, dental and insurance programs. Executives are also allowed to participate in the Company s tax-qualified
401(k) Plan offered to all similarly situated full-time employees. 

Summary Compensation    

The particulars of compensation paid to the
following persons for the last two completed fiscal years: 

a)  our principal executive officers;   

b)  each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers
at the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 who had total compensation exceeding $100,000; and   

c)  up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for
the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the most recently completed financial year,
who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for our fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are
set out in the following summary compensation table:   

(1)    Christopher Missling was
appointed as director, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary on July 5, 2013.  

(2)  The compensation was recorded in connection with the Company s
payment of an income tax withholding obligation arising as a result of the vesting of restricted stock awards during the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in accordance with the terms of Dr. Missling s employment agreement dated July 5, 2013. 

(3)    The bonus was a result
of the successful financing in March 2014.  

(5)  Compensation to Ms. Boenisch denominated in Canadian Dollars
and has been translated to US dollars at an exchange rate of 0.7438 during the year ended September 30, 2016. 

Employment Agreements   

Christopher Missling  

The Company and Dr. Missling have entered into
an employment agreement dated July 5, 2013, as amended and extended on July 5, 2016 and as amended and restated on July 18, 2016,
whereby the Company agreed to pay to Dr. Missling an annual base salary of $500,000. In addition, Dr. Missling (i) is eligible
to earn an annual cash bonus for each whole or partial calendar year of up to $100,000; (ii) is eligible to participate in the
Company s employee benefit plans; and (iii) the Company has agreed to indemnify Dr. Missling in connection with his provision
of services to the Company. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016 and
in connection with the Amended and Restated First Amendment to the Employment Agreement with Dr. Missling in his continuing capacity
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Dr. Missling was granted options with a value of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock, which was equal to 379,625 options at an exercise price of $6.26 These options
shall vest quarterly over a three year period, commencing on October 5, 2016. In addition, Dr. Missling was granted options to
purchase 861,429 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $7.06, which options will vest quarterly over
a three-year period, commencing on October 18, 2016. 

Sandra Boenisch  

In connection with Ms. Boenisch s appointment
as Principal Financial Officer, the Company and Ms. Boenisch entered into an employment agreement, effective October 1, 2015, whereby:
(a) the Company shall pay to Ms. Boenisch an annual base salary of Seventy-Eight Thousand and 00/100 Canadian Dollars ($78,000
CAD), with Ms. Boenisch being eligible for bonuses which are anticipated to be up to 25% of her annual base salary, and salary
increases; (b) Ms. Boenisch received a sign-on stock option grant of 100,000 shares; and (c) Ms. Boenisch is able to participate
in the Company s employee benefit plans. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The following table sets forth for each named
executive officer and director certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2016. 

Stock Option Plan   

Our board of directors adopted an Omnibus Incentive
Plan (the  2015 Plan ), which was approved by our board on September 18, 2015. The 2015 Plan provides for the grant
of stock options and restricted stock awards to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company. 

The maximum number of our common shares reserved
for issue under the plan is 6,050,553 shares, subject to adjustment in the event of a change of the Company s capitalization.
As a result of the adoption of the 2015 Plan, no further option awards will be granted under any previously existing stock option
plan. Stock option awards previously granted under previously existing stock option plans remain outstanding in accordance with
their terms. 

The 2015 Plan is administered by the board
of directors, except that it may, in its discretion, delegate such responsibility to a committee of such board. The exercise price
will be determined by the board of directors at the time of grant, and the exercise price of each option shall be at least the
fair market value on the grant date; provided, however, that in the event that a grantee owns more than 10% of the Company s
common stock as of the date of grant, the exercise price of an option granted to such grantee that is intended to be an incentive
stock option shall be not less than 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant. Stock options may be granted under the
2015 Plan for an exercise period of up to ten years from the date of grant of the option or such lesser periods as may be determined
by the board, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the terms of the 2015 Plan. 

Compensation of Directors    

The table below shows the compensation of our
directors who were not our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016: 

We have agreed to compensate Bernd Metzner
an amount of $4,000 per quarter for performing the functions of Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee
and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

In addition, directors are entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors.
Our board of directors may award further special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other
than services ordinarily required of a director. 

Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans   

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. 

Resignation, Retirement, Other Termination,
or Change in Control Arrangements   

Effective July 18, 2016 the Company entered
into the Amended and Restated First Amendment to Employment Agreement with Dr. Missling ( Employment Agreement ) in
his continuing capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Amendment amends the First Amendment to Employment Agreement
dated July 5, 2016, and the Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Dr. Missling, dated June 27, 2013 and filed as
an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2013. The Employment Agreement
contains provisions regarding our obligations to Dr. Missling upon his termination and upon a change of control. In the event of
a change of control, as such term is defined in the Employment Agreement, all of the restricted stock granted to Dr. Missling shall
vest. Depending on the nature of the termination of Dr. Missling s services, certain of his salary, bonus and granted securities
shall vest in the amounts at such time as set forth in the Employment Agreement. A copy of the Employment Agreement is set forth
in its entirety as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2016. 

Our employment agreement with Sandra Boenisch
contains provisions regarding our obligations to Ms. Boenisch upon a change of control. In the event of a change of control, as
such term is defined in the employment agreement, all of the remaining unvested option shares granted to Ms. Boenisch will immediately
vest with no restrictions on purchase or sales. A copy of the employment agreement is set forth in its entirety as an exhibit hereto. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation   

None of our directors who currently serve as
members of our compensation committee is, or has at any time during the past year been, one of our officers or employees. None
of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. 

Compensation Committee Report   

The Compensation Committee has reviewed and
discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and has recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

The members of our Compensation Committee are
Bernd Metzner (Chairman) and Steffen Thomas. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.   

The following table sets forth, as of December
12, 2016, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each stockholder known by us to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock and by each of our current directors and our named executive officers
and by our current directors and executive officers as a group. We have determined the number and percentage of shares beneficially
owned by such person in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This information does not necessarily
indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose. 

(1)  Percentage of ownership is based on 39,610,967 shares of our common stock issued and
                                                                 outstanding as of December 12, 2016. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock
                                                                 listed above, based on information furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such
                                                                 shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
                                                                 of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
                                                                 Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed
                                                                 outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such option or warrants, but are not
                                                                 deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.   

Change in Control   

We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

Transactions with related persons   

Our Code of Business
Conduct and Audit Committee Charter set forth our policies and procedures for the review and approval of transactions with related
persons, including transactions that would be required to be disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in accordance with SEC
rules. 

In circumstances where
one of our directors or executive officers, or a family member, has a direct or indirect material interest in a transaction with
the Company, our Corporate Governance Committee must review and approve all such proposed transactions. In determining whether
to approve or ratify a transaction with a related person, among the factors the Audit Committee may consider (as applicable) are:
the business purpose for entering into the transaction, the size and terms of the transaction, the availability of alternative
sources of comparable products or services, whether the transaction could impair the judgment of the related person in performing
his or her duties and whether the transaction would be consistent with NASDAQ s requirements for independent directors, and
any other factors the Audit Committee deems relevant. 

There have been no other transactions, since
October 1, 2015, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds
the lesser of $120,000, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

i.  any director or executive officer of our company;   

ii.  any beneficial owner of shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to our outstanding
shares of common stock; and   

iii.  any member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in-laws)
of any of the foregoing persons.   

Compensation of Named Executive Officers
and Directors   

For information regarding compensation of named
executive officers and directors, please see  Item 11. Executive Compensation.  

Director Independence   

We deem that Christopher Missling, PhD is not
independent as that term is defined by NASDAQ 5605(a)(2) because Mr. Missling serves as our President, Chief Executive Officer,
and Secretary. 

We deem that Bernd Metzner, Elliot Favus, Athanasios
Skarpelos and Steffen Thomas are independent as that term is defined by NASDAQ 5605(a)(2). 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

Fees Paid to Our Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm    

The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees billed or expected to be billed to our company for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting
firm, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Audit Fees . Consist of fees billed for
professional services rendered for the audits of our financial statements, reviews of our interim financial statements included
in quarterly reports, services performed in connection with regular filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other
services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Policy on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee
of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    

Our Audit Committee pre-approves all services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by
our Audit Committee and board of directors before the respective services were rendered. 

Our Audit Committee and board of directors
has considered the nature and amount of fees billed or expected to be billed by BDO USA, LLP and believes that the provision of
services for activities unrelated to the audit was compatible with maintaining BDO USA, LLP s independence. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS,
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

Exhibit    
  Number    
       
       Description    
 
       (3)    
       
       Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws     
 
      3.1   
       
      Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on January 13, 2005)   
 
      3.2   
       
      Bylaws (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2007)   
 
      3.3   
       
      Articles of Merger filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on January 10, 2007 and which is effective January 25, 2007 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2007)   
 
      3.4  
       
      Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 6, 2015 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2015)   
 
       (4)    
       
       Instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures     
 
      4.1   
       
      Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on January 13, 2005)   
 
      4.2   
       
      Form of Convertible Loan Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)   
 
      4.3  
       
      8% Convertible Loan Agreement dated June 3, 2009 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2009)   
 
      4.4  
       
      8% Convertible Loan Agreement dated June 19, 2009 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2009)   
 
       (10)    
       
       Material Contracts    
 
      10.1   
       
      Agreement between Anavex Life Sciences Corp. and Dr. Alexandre Vamvakides dated January 31, 2007 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2007)    
 
      10.2  
       
      Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2007)    
 
      10.3   
       
      Shares for Services and Subscription Agreement dated September 11, 2007 between our company and Eurogenet Labs S.A. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2007)    
 
      10.4   
       
      2007 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2007)    
 
      10.5   
       
      Consulting Agreement with Cameron Durrant dated May 20, 2008 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on August 18, 2008    
 
      10.6  
       
      Form of Convertible Loan Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)    
 
      10.7   
       
      Consulting Agreement with Tariq Arshad dated March 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)    
 
      10.8  
       
      Consulting Agreement with Dr. Mark Smith dated January 13, 2009 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)    
 
      10.9  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)    
 
      10.10   
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2009)    

Exhibit 
        Number   
         
       Description    
 
      10.37  
       
      Agreement for Services with Genesis Biopharma Group LLC dated August 10, 2010 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2010)  (portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment)     
 
      10.38  
       
      Agreement for Services with ABX-CRO Advanced Pharmaceutical Services dated August 10, 2010 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2010)  (portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment)     
 
      10.39  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2010)   
 
      10.40  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (Canadian and Offshore Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2010)   
 
      10.41  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (US warrant holders)(incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2010)   
 
      10.42  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (Canadian and Offshore warrant holders) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2010)   
 
      10.43  
       
      Consulting Agreement dated August 2, 2010 with Tom Skarpelos (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2010)   
 
      10.44  
       
      Independent Contractor Agreement dated September 1, 2010 with David Tousley (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2010)   
 
      10.45  
       
      Sublease Contract with Genesis Research LLC dated September 15, 2010 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2010)   
 
      10.46  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.47  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (non-US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.48  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (US Warrant Holders) (US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.49  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (non-US Warrant Holders) (US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.50  
       
      Shares for Service and Subscription Agreement dated November 1, 2010 with Eurogenet Labs SA (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.51  
       
      Subscription Agreement with Stonehedge Limited dated November 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2010)   
 
      10.52  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2010)   
 
      10.53  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2010)   
 
      10.54  
       
      Shares for Services Agreement Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2010)   
 
      10.55  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (non-US Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2011)   
 
      10.56  
       
      Form of Warrant Certificate (non-US Warrant Holders) (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2011)   
 
      10.57  
       
      Termination Agreement dated February 2, 2011 with Genesis BioPharma Group, LLC  (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2011)   
 
      10.58  
       
      Independent Contractor Agreement with Harvey Lalach dated February 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2011)   

Exhibit 
        Number   
         
       Description    
 
      10.59  
       
      Independent Contractor Agreement with Dr. Angelos Stergiou dated February 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2011)   
 
      10.60  
       
      Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2011)   
 
      10.61  
       
      Form of Advisory Board Consulting Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2011)   
 
      10.62  
       
      Consulting Agreement dated March 30, 2011 with Shackleton Consulting Corp. (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2011)   
 
      10.63  
       
      Form of subscription agreement for convertible debenture (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2011)   
 
      10.64  
       
      Form of subscription agreement for convertible debenture (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2011)   
 
      10.65  
       
      Form of warrant certificate (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2011)   
 
      10.66  
       
      Amended Stock Option Agreement dated September 16, 2011 with Cameron Durrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2011)   
 
      10.67  
       
      Consulting Agreement dated effective October 10, 2011, with George Tidmarsh (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2011)   
 
      10.68   
       
      Form of subscription agreement for services (US purchaser) (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012)    
 
      10.69   
       
      Form of subscription agreement for units (Offshore purchasers) (incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012)    
 
      10.70   
       
      Unsecured Promissory Note dated April 20, 2012 issued to Georgia Georgopoulou (incorporated by reference to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2012)    
 
      10.71  
       
      Form of subscription agreements for convertible debenture and promissory notes (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2012)   
 
      10.72  
       
      Promissory Note dated October 17, 2012 issued to Akira International Limited (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 31, 2012)   
 
      10.73  
       
      Promissory Note dated November 12, 2012 issued to Akira International Limited (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 31, 2012)   
 
      10.74  
       
      Form of SPA (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.75  
       
      Form of Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8- K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.76  
       
      Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.77  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.78  
       
      Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2013, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.79  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2013, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013)   
 
      10.80  
       
      Employment Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2013, by and between the Company and Christopher Missling, PhD (incorporated by reference to an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013)   

* Filed herewith. 

ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES
CORP.   

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

September 30, 2016  

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Anavex
Life Sciences Corp.  

  New
York, NY  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Anavex Life
Sciences Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
and our report dated December 14, 2016 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.  

/s/
BDO USA, LLP  

New
York, NY  

December
14, 2016  

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    

Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Anavex
Life Sciences Corp.  

  New
York, NY  

We
have audited Anavex Life Sciences Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria
established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Anavex Life Sciences Corp. s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying  Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness regarding lack of adequate oversight related to the development
and performance of internal controls has been identified and described in management s assessment. This material weakness
was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the September 30, 2016 financial
statements, and this report does not affect our report dated December 14, 2016 on those financial statements.  

In
our opinion, Anavex Life Sciences Corp. did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.   

We
do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions
taken by the company after the date of management s assessment.  

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 and our report dated
December 14, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

/s/
BDO USA, LLP  

New
York, New York  

December
14, 2016  

ANAVEX
LIFE SCIENCES CORP.   

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

See Accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

ANAVEX
LIFE SCIENCES CORP.   

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

See Accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES
CORP.   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

Supplemental
Cash Flow Information - Note 11  

See Accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES
CORP.   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   

  For the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014  

See Accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page 1  

Note 1     Business
                                         Description and Basis of Presentation   

Business  

Anavex
Life Sciences Corp. (the  Company ) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of differentiated
therapeutics for the treatment of neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases including drug candidates to treat Alzheimer s
disease, other central nervous system (CNS) diseases, pain and various types of cancer. The Company s lead compound ANAVEX
2-73 is being developed to treat Alzheimer s disease, Parkinson s disease and potentially other CNS diseases, including
rare diseases, such as Rett syndrome.  

Reverse
Stock Split  

Effective
October 7, 2015, the Company effected a reverse stock split on the basis of 1:4. As such, the Company s authorized capital
was decreased from 400,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001
and all shares of common stock issued and outstanding were decreased on the basis of one new share for each four old shares. These
condensed consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect to such reverse split and all share and per share amounts
have been adjusted accordingly.  

Basis
of Presentation  

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America and the instructions to Form 10-K.  

Note 2     Summary
                                         of Significant Accounting Policies   

a)    Use
of Estimates  

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions
related to deferred income tax asset valuations, asset impairment, conversion features embedded in convertible notes payable,
derivative valuations, stock based compensation and loss contingencies. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current
facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and
expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially
and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual
results, future results of operations will be affected.  

b)    Principles
                                         of Consolidation    

These
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Anavex Australia
Pty Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Australia. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.  

c)    Equipment    

Equipment
is recorded at cost and is depreciated at 33% per annum on the straight-line basis.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  2   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (continued)  

d)    Financial
                                         Instruments    

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments, consisting of cash and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate
their fair value due to the short-term maturity of such instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company
for similar terms and based on the short term duration of the debt instruments, the carrying value of the promissory notes payable
approximate their fair value. Unless otherwise noted, it is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant
interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments.  

e)    Foreign
                                         Currency Translation    

The
functional currency of the Company is the US dollar. Monetary items denominated in a foreign currency are translated into US dollars
at exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date and non-monetary items are translated at exchange rates prevailing when
the assets were acquired or obligations incurred. Foreign currency denominated expense items are translated at exchange rates
prevailing at the transaction date. Unrealized gains or losses arising from the translations are credited or charged to income
in the period in which they occur.  

The Company has determined that the functional currency of Anavex
Australia Pty Limited is the US dollar. 

f)    Research
                                         and Development Expenses    

Research
and developments costs are expensed as incurred. These expenses are comprised of the costs of the Company s proprietary
research and development efforts, including salaries, facilities costs, overhead costs and other related expenses, as well as
costs incurred in connection with third-party collaboration efforts. Milestone payments made by the Company to third parties are
expensed when the specific milestone has been achieved.  

In
addition, the Company incurs expenses in respect of the acquisition of intellectual property relating to patents and trademarks.
The probability of success and length of time to develop commercial applications of the drugs subject to the acquired patents
and trademarks is difficult to determine and numerous risks and uncertainties exist with respect to the timely completion of the
development projects. There is no assurance the acquired patents and trademarks will ever be successfully commercialized. Due
to these risks and uncertainties, the acquisition of patents and trademarks does not meet the definition of an asset and thus
are expensed as incurred within general and administrative expenses.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  3   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (continued)  

f)    Research
                                         and Development Expenses   (continued)    

The
Company is eligible to obtain a research and development tax credit from the Australian Tax Authority (ATO) for certain research
and development activities undertaken in Australia. The tax incentive is available on the basis of specific criteria with which
the Company must comply. Although the tax incentive is administered through the ATO, the Company has accounted for the tax incentive
outside of the scope of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes since the incentive is not linked to the Company s income tax liability
and can be realized regardless of whether the Company has generated taxable income in Australia. Research and development incentive
income is recognized when eligible research and development activities have been undertaken and we have completed our assessment
of whether such activities meet the relevant qualifying criteria.  

g)    Grant
                                         Income    

Research
and development incentive income is recognized when the research and development activities have been undertaken and the Company
has completed its assessment of whether such activities meet the relevant qualifying criteria. The Company recognizes such income
at the fair value of the grant when it is received and all substantive conditions have been satisfied. Grants received from government
and other agencies in advance of the specific research and development costs to which they relate are deferred and recognized
in the consolidated statement of operations in the period they are earned and when the related research and development costs
are incurred.  

h)    Income
                                         Taxes    

The
Company has adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ) which requires the asset and
liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled.  

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 740 regarding accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company initially recognizes
tax positions in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the
tax authorities. Such tax positions are initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater
than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and
all relevant facts. Application requires numerous estimates based on available information. The Company considers many factors
when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, and its recognized tax positions and tax benefits may not accurately
anticipate actual outcomes. As additional information is obtained, there may be a need to periodically adjust the recognized tax
positions and tax benefits. These periodic adjustments may have a material impact on the consolidated statements of operations.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  4   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (cont d)  

i)    Basic
                                         and Diluted Loss per Share    

The
basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that the denominator
is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares
had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive.  

For
the year ended September 30, 2016, loss per share excludes 6,008,309 (2015   6,101,534) potentially dilutive common shares
related to outstanding options, warrants, and convertible debentures as their effect was anti-dilutive.  

j)    Stock-based
                                         Compensation    

The
Company accounts for all stock-based payments and awards under the fair value method.  

Stock-based
payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value of the consideration received, or the fair value of the equity instruments
issued, or liabilities incurred, whichever is more reliably measurable. The fair value of stock-based payments to non-employees
is periodically re-measured until the counterparty performance is complete, and any change therein is recognized over the vesting
period of the award and in the same manner as if the Company had paid cash instead of paying with or using equity based instruments.
Compensation costs for stock-based payments with graded vesting are recognized on a straight-line basis. The cost of the stock-based
payments to non-employees that are fully vested and non-forfeitable at the grant date is measured and recognized at that date,
unless there is a contractual term for services in which case such compensation would be amortized over the contractual term.  

The
Company accounts for the granting of share purchase options to employees using the fair value method whereby all awards to employees
will be recorded at fair value on the date of the grant. The fair value of all share purchase options are expensed over their
vesting period with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital.  

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the fair value of share purchase options at the date of the
grant. Option pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility. Changes
in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  5   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (cont d)  

k)    Fair
                                         Value Measurements    

The
fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last
unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are the following:  

Level 1 -quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 -  observable
inputs other than Level 1, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, and model-derived prices whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable; and 

Level 3 - assets and
liabilities whose significant value drivers are unobservable by little or no market activity and that are significant to the
fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The
book value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to the short term maturity of those instruments.
Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company under similar terms, the book value of promissory notes payable approximates
their fair values. The Company s promissory notes payable are based on Level 2 inputs in the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy.  

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company did not have any Level 3 assets or liabilities.  

Certain
assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair
value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is
evidence of impairment). There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  6   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (cont d)  

l)    Derivative
                                         Liabilities    

The Company
evaluates its financial instruments and other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts
qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with ASC 815. The result of this accounting treatment is that
the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked- to-market at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability and the
change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise
of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified
to equity.  

The classification
of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at
the end of each reporting period. Derivative instruments that become subject to reclassification are reclassified at the fair
value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet
as current or non-current based on whether or not settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the
balance sheet date.  

From time
to time, certain of the Company s embedded conversion features on debt and outstanding warrants have been treated as derivative
liabilities for accounting purposes under ASC 815 due to insufficient authorized shares to fully settle conversion features of
the instruments if exercised. In this case, the Company utilized the latest inception date sequencing method to reclassify outstanding
instruments as derivative instruments. These contracts were recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
earnings until such time as the conditions giving rise to such derivative liability classification were settled.  

These
derivative instruments did not trade in an active securities market. The Company used a binomial option pricing model to value
derivative liabilities. This model used Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  7   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (cont d)  

m)    Recent
                                         Accounting Pronouncements    

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted   

In
June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the
Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period ( ASU 2014-12 ).
ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period,
be treated as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair
value of the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes
probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s)
for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim
periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. This standard is effective for the Company beginning on
October 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period presented.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for
all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance
will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

In
May 2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued a converged standard on revenue recognition from
contracts with customers, ASU 2014-09 (Topic 606 and IFRS 15). This standard will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance. ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017.
The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period presented. 

In
April 2015, the FASB, issued the Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)
- Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. For public business
entities, the final guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, however, early adoption (including
in interim periods) is permitted. Upon adoption, an entity must apply the new guidance retrospectively to all prior periods presented
in the financial statements. An entity is also required in the year of adoption to provide certain disclosures about the change
in accounting principle, including the nature of and reason for the change, the transition method, a description of the prior-period
information that has been retrospectively adjusted and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (that is,
debt issuance cost asset and the debt liability). The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any
period presented. 

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  8   

Note 2     Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    (cont d)  

m)    Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    (cont d)   

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted    (cont d)  

In
November 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17  Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ). ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement to bifurcate deferred taxes between
current and non-current on the balance sheet and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent
on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and
for interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments for ASU-2015-17 can be applied retrospectively or prospectively
and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period presented.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ).
The guidance would require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right
 of-use assets. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2018.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASC 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). These amendments are intended to simplify several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. These amendments are effective for annual
and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Entities have the option
to apply the amendments on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact this guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Other
than noted above, the Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant
impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flow.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  9   

Note 3     Promissory Notes Payable   

a)    During the year ended September
30, 2013, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $64,630 (CDN$86,677) to the former President, Secretary, Treasurer,
CFO and director of the Company (the  President ) in exchange for unpaid consulting fees owing to the President. The
note was bearing interest at 12% per annum and was due June 30, 2013.  

The
Notes were secured by a right to delay the transfer of any or all of the Company s assets until the obligations of the Notes
were satisfied, including a restriction on the transfer of cash by the Company and a security interest over the intellectual property
of the Company.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company settled the remaining principal and interest owed under the Notes of $95,964 (CDN$124,237)
with cash payments totaling $34,759 (CDN$45,000) to the former officer and director, resulting in a gain on settlement of debt
of $61,205 (CDN$79,237).  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  10   

Note 4     Deferred Grant Income   

During
the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company was awarded grant funding in the amount of $286,455, of which the Company received
$143,222 during the year ended September 30, 2016 (2015 - $71,614) and the remainder will be received in equal semi-annual instalments
over the remainder of the commitment through January 2017. The grant was received in exchange for a commitment to provide research
and development for preclinical validation of Sigma-1 receptor agonism as potential treatment for Parkinsons disease.  

The grant
income was deferred and is being amortized as an increase to other income over a two-year period as the related research and development
expenditures are incurred. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $141,195 (2015: $0, 2014: $0) of this
grant on its statement of operations within grant income.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized other grant income of $571,093 in respect of a research and development
incentive program offered by the Australian government. This grant income is included on its statement of operations within grant
income.  

Note 5     Senior Convertible Debentures   

On March
13, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers, pursuant to which the Company issued
senior convertible debentures in the aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 (the  Debentures ).  

The
Debentures were unsecured, non-interest bearing and were due on March 18, 2044. The Debentures were originally convertible, in
whole or in part, at the option of the holder into common shares of the Company at $1.20 per share ( the Conversion Price ).
The Conversion Price of the debenture will be adjusted in the event of common stock dividend, split or consolidation. The Conversion
Price was later amended to $1.00 per share.  

At September
30, 2016, all of the principal and amount of the Debentures had been converted to shares of common stock and, as a result, no
amounts were owing under the terms of the Debentures (2015: $6,162 in principal amount of these Debentures remained outstanding).  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 6,162 shares of common stock based on a conversion price
of $1.00 per share pursuant to the conversion of $6,162 in outstanding principal amounts due under the Debentures.  

The
Company recorded a debt discount in connection with the issuance and amendment of the Debentures during the year ended September
30, 2014, which was being amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Debentures. During the year ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $5,830 (2015: $4,515,987, 2014: $1,917,615) in respect of the amortization of this discount.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  11   

Note 6     Capital Stock   

Effective
October 7, 2015, the Company effected a reverse stock split on the basis of 1:4. As such, the Company s authorized capital
was decreased from 400,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001
and all shares of common stock issued and outstanding were decreased on the basis of one new share for each four old shares. These
condensed consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect to such reverse split and all share and per share amounts
have been adjusted accordingly.  

  Authorized  

100,000,000
shares of common stock.  

Equity
Transactions  

Year
ended September 30, 2016  

During the year ended September
30, 2016, the Company issued 167,415 shares of common stock pursuant to the application of an incorrect conversion price for conversion
notices received in respect of the Debentures, during the year ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to a director and officer of the Company
pursuant to the terms of a 2013 employment agreement with that director and officer.  

Year
ended September 30, 2015  

On October
22, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  10/14 Purchase Agreement ) with one investor
for an equity investment of $500,000 at a price of $1.00 per unit. Pursuant to the terms of the 10/14 Purchase Agreement, the
Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, 500,000 shares of common stock. In addition, the Company agreed to
issue an aggregate of 1,000,000 stock purchase warrants, of which 500,000 were exercisable at $1.20 per share and 500,000 were
exercisable at $1.68 per share, each for a period of five years, subject to normal adjustment for stock splits, combinations,
and reclassification events.  

The
warrants issued were required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities at their date of issuance, pursuant to the guidance
of ASC 815. Consequently, the Company allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the units first to the warrants, at their fair
value of $527,000 with an amount of $2,000 being allocated to equity at par value on the date of the transaction. The $29,000
excess of the sum of fair value and par value over the proceeds received of $500,000 was recorded as a component of financing
related charges and adjustments on the statement of operations during the year ended September 30, 2015. The fair value of the
warrants was determined based on the binomial option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free
interest rate: 1.46%, expected life: 5 years, expected volatility: 100.21%, dividend yield: 0%.  

The
Company paid a finder s fee of $50,000 in connection with the 10/14 Purchase Agreement. This amount was expensed as a component
of financing related charges and adjustments during the year ended September 30, 2015.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  12   

Note 6     Capital Stock   

Equity
Transactions   (cont d)  

On March 16, 2015, pursuant
to an anti-dilution provision contained in private placement subscription agreements dated May 31, 2012, the Company adjusted
the price of 658,612 shares of common stock from $2.00 to $1.00 per share. Consequently, the Company issued 658,612 shares of
common stock for no additional consideration.  

Year
ended September 30, 2014  

On
February 24, 2014, the Company issued 30,000 units at $2.00 per unit for gross proceeds of $60,000, which was received during
the year ended September 30, 2013. Each unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant entitling the
holder to purchase additional common shares at $4.00 per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance.  

On
February 24, 2014, the Company issued 125,000 units at $1.20 per unit for gross proceeds of $150,000. Each unit consisted of one
common share and one common share purchase warrant entitling the holder to purchase additional common shares at $3.00 per share
for a period of five years from the date of issuance.  

On
February 28, 2014, the Company received $30,000 in share subscriptions in respect of the issuance of 25,000 units at $1.20 per
unit. Each unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant entitling the holder to purchase additional
common shares at $3.00 per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance. These shares were issued during the year
ended September 30, 2015.  

Note 7     Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement   

2013
Purchase Agreement  

On
July 5, 2013, the Company entered into a $10,000,000 purchase agreement (the  2013 Purchase Agreement ) with Lincoln
Park Capital Fund, LLC, ( Lincoln Park ) an Illinois limited liability company (the  Financing ) pursuant
to which the Company sold and issued to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park purchased $10,000,000 in value of its shares of common
stock from time to time over a 25-month period.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of 296,104 (2015: 1,852,144, 2014: 100,628)
shares of common stock under the 2013 Purchase Agreement, including 290,523 (2015: 1,825,000, 2014: 100,000) shares of common
stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1,684,560 (2015: $8,127,265, 2014: $188,170) and 5,581 (2015: 27,144, 2014: 628) commitment
shares. At September 30, 2016, all remaining purchase amounts available under the 2013 Purchase Agreement have been utilized.
As such, no further shares will be sold under the 2013 Purchase Agreement.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  13   

Note 7     Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement   

2015
Purchase Agreement  

On
October 21, 2015, the Company entered into a $50,000,000 purchase agreement (the  2015 Purchase Agreement ) with Lincoln
Park pursuant to which the Company may sell and issue to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase, up to $50,000,000
in value of its shares of common stock from time to time over a 36-month period. In connection with the 2015 Purchase Agreement,
the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park whereby the Company agreed to file a registration
statement with the SEC covering the shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued to Lincoln Park under the 2015
Purchase Agreement.  

The
Company may direct Lincoln Park, at its sole discretion, and subject to certain conditions set forth in the 2015 Purchase Agreement,
to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock on any business day, provided that at least one business day has passed since
the most recent purchase. The amount of a purchase may be increased under certain circumstances provided, however that Lincoln
Park s committed obligation under any single purchase shall not exceed $2,000,000. The purchase price of shares of common
stock related to the future funding will be based on the then prevailing market prices of such shares at the time of sales as
described in the 2015 Purchase Agreement.  

In
consideration for entering into the 2015 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Lincoln Park 179,598 shares of common stock
as an initial commitment fee. Under the terms of the 2015 Purchase Agreement, the Company shall issue up to 89,799 shares pro
rata, when and if, Lincoln Park purchases at the Company s discretion, the $50,000,000 aggregate commitment.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of 452,437 shares of common stock under the
2015 Purchase Agreement, including 450,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1,357,800 and 2,437 commitment
shares.  

Note 8     Related Party Transactions   

As
at September 30, 2016, included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was $59,264 (2015: $33,000) owing to directors and
officers of the Company for director fees and reimbursable expenses, and a former director and officer of the Company for unpaid
fees. See also Note 3.  

Note 9     Commitments and Contingencies   

a)    Lease Commitment    

On
September 30, 2015, the Company entered into a sublease agreement commencing October 1, 2015 and expiring August 31, 2016. On
August 22, 2016 the sublease agreement was amended and extended to March 31, 2019. The Company is committed to lease payments
as follows:  

b)  Litigation 

The
Company is subject to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are inherently uncertain,
and there can be no guarantee that the outcome of any such matter will be decided favorably to the Company or that the resolution
of any such matter will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company does
not believe that any of such pending claims and legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
statements  .  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  14   

Note 9     Commitments and Contingencies     (cont d) 

c)    Share
Purchase Warrants  

A summary
of the Company s share purchase warrants outstanding is presented below:  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 1,979,246 shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of 2,421,894 share
purchase warrants on a cashless basis, and 41,687 shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of warrants for cash.  

At September
30, 2016, the Company had 1,809,309 currently exercisable share purchase warrants outstanding as follows:  

All
of the warrants expiring on July 5, 2018 contain a contingent call provision whereby the Company may have the option to call for
cancellation of all or any portion of the warrants for consideration equal to $0.001 per share, provided the quoted market price
of the Company s common stock exceeds $6.00 for a period of twenty consecutive trading days, subject to certain minimum
volume restrictions and other restrictions as provided in the warrant agreements.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  15   

Note 9     Commitments and Contingencies     (cont d) 

d)    Stock based
Compensation Plan  

2015
Stock Option Plan  

On September
18, 2015, the Company s board of directors approved a 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ), which provides
for the grant of stock options and restricted stock awards to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company.  

The
maximum number of our common shares reserved for issue under the plan is 6,050,553 shares subject to adjustment in the event of
a change of the Company s capitalization. As a result of the adoption of the 2015 Plan, no further option awards will be
granted under any previously existing stock option plan. Stock option awards previously granted under previously existing stock
option plans remain outstanding in accordance with their terms.  

The
2015 Plan is administered by the board of directors, except that it may, in its discretion, delegate such responsibility to a
committee of such board. The exercise price will be determined by the board of directors at the time of grant, and the exercise
price of each option shall be at least the fair market value on the grant date; provided, however, that in the event that a grantee
owns more than 10% of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant, the exercise price of an option granted to such
grantee that is intended to be an incentive stock option shall be not less than 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant.
Stock options may be granted under the 2015 Plan for an exercise period of up to ten years from the date of grant of the option
or such lesser periods as may be determined by the board, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the terms of the 2015
Plan.  

A summary
of the status of Company s outstanding stock purchase options for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented
below:  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  16   

Note 9     Commitments and Contingencies     (cont d) 

d)    Stock based
Compensation Plan   (cont d)  

At September
30, 2016, the following stock options were outstanding:  

The
aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the quoted market
price of the Company s stock for the options that were in-the-money at September 30, 2016.  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  17   

Note 9     Commitments and Contingencies     (cont d) 

d)    Stock based
Compensation Plan   (cont d)  

The
Company recognized stock based compensation expense of $4,452,267 during the year ended September 30, 2016 (2015: $413,979; 2014:
$27,925) in connection with the issuance and vesting of stock options in exchange for services. These amounts have been included
in general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses on the Company s statement of operations as
follows:  

An amount
of $7,741,573 in stock based compensation is expected to be recorded over the remaining term of such options through December
31, 2018.  

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model based on the following
weighted average assumptions:  

The tax effects of the temporary
differences that give rise to the Company s estimated deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:  

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  18   

Note 10     Income Taxes   
(cont d)  

The provision for income
taxes differ from the amount established using the statutory income tax rate as follows:  

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $33,000,000 (2015: $25,000,000) in the
United States and approximately $250,000 (2015: $Nil) in Australia, available to offset future taxable income in those jurisdictions.
The carry-forwards will begin to expire in 2027.    

The
Company evaluates its valuation allowance requirements based on projected future operations. When circumstances change and this
causes a change in management s judgment about the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the impact of the change on the
valuation allowance is reflected in current income. Because management of the Company does not currently believe that it is more
likely than not that the Company will receive the benefit of these assets, a valuation allowance equal to the deferred tax asset
has been established at both September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Uncertain
Tax Positions  

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s
tax returns are subject to tax examinations by U.S. federal and state tax authorities, or examinations by foreign tax authorities
until the respective statutes of limitation expire. The Company is subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for all taxation
years commencing on or after 2008.  

The Company s net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $33,000,000  in the United States may be subject to limitations
by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the amount utilizable each year. This limitation reduces the
Company s ability to utilize net operating loss carry-forwards, under certain circumstances. The Company completed a Section
382 analysis through the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and currently does not believe Section 382 will apply to limit the
utilization of these tax losses.   

Anavex Life Sciences Corp.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016   Page  19   

Note 11     Supplemental Cash Flow
Information   

Investing
and financing activities that do not have a direct impact on current cash flows are excluded from the statement of cash flows.  

During
the year ended September 30, 2016;  

i)    the Company issued 6,162 shares
of common stock upon conversion of $6,162 in principal amount of convertible debentures at a conversion price of $1.00 per share
and 167,415 shares of common stock pursuant to the application of an incorrect conversion price for conversion notices received
during the year ended September 30, 2015;  

During
the year ended September 30, 2015;  

ii)    the
                                         Company reclassified an amount of $4,482,000 into equity upon modification of the terms
                                         of certain derivative instruments.    

iii)    the
                                         Company adjusted the price of 658,612 shares of common stock from $2.00 to $1.00 per
                                         share pursuant to an anti-dilution provision contained in private placement subscription
                                         agreements dated May 31, 2012. Consequently, the Company issued 658,612 shares of common
                                         stock for no consideration.    

During
the year ended September 30, 2014;  

i)    the Company
                                         reclassified an amount of $221,000 into equity upon modification of the terms of certain
                                         derivative instruments.    

iii)    the
                                         Company issued 640,428 shares of common stock of the Company at a fair value of $551,120
                                         pursuant to the conversion of convertible debentures at a conversion price of $1.00 per
                                         share.    

Note 12   Subsequent Events  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company received proceeds of $11,039,022 through the issuance of
3,442,668 shares of common stock at various prices 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date: December 14, 2016   

ANAVEX LIFE SCIENCES CORP.    

By:  

/s/ Christopher Missling,
        PhD    

Name:  
       
      Christopher Missling, PhD   

Title:  
       
      Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signatures   

Title(s)   

Date    

/s/ Christopher Missling,
        PhD   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Christopher Missling, PhD  
       
      Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Sandra Boenisch   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Sandra Boenisch  
       
      Principal Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer)  

/s/ Athanasios Skarpelos   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Athanasios Skarpelos  
       
      Director  

/s/ Bernd Metzner, PhD   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Bernd Metzner, PhD  
       
      Director  

/s/ Elliot Favus, MD   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Elliot Favus, MD  
       
      Director  

/s/ Steffen Thomas, PhD   

December 14, 2016   
 
      Steffen Thomas, PhD  
       
      Director  

<EX-14.1>
 2
 s104917_ex14-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 14.1

Exhibit 14.1 

BUSINESS
CODE OF CONDUCT   ETHICS 

I.    Purpose    

As a business engaged
in the discovery, development and commercialization of medicines for the treatment of various diseases, Anavex TM  Life
Sciences Corp. (the   Anavex   or the   Company  ) must always act in a way that reflects the
highest standards of corporate behavior. Each of us must always exercise good judgment and common sense in making the necessary
choices to advance the interests of the Company. The development and maintenance of relationships of trust between each of us and
government officials, health care professionals, patients, suppliers, customers, investors and other employees is essential and
expected. Obeying the law both in letter and in spirit is the foundation on which Anavex s ethical standards are built. In
carrying out this policy, Anavex has adopted the following Business Code of Conduct and Ethics (the   Code  ).
This Code is intended to cover Anavex s and its affiliates  directors, officers and employees, as well agents and other
parties acting on behalf, or for the benefit, of the Company and/or its affiliates (collectively,   Covered Persons  ).  

Each of us is responsible
for becoming familiar and following all the rules, regulations and policies that apply to our jobs and for seeking advice in any
situation where we are unsure of what to do. 

II.    Responsibilities    

Each Covered Person
is expected (i) to read and understand this Code and its application to the performance of his or her business responsibilities
and (ii) to conduct himself or herself in accordance with this Code and to seek to avoid even the appearance of wrongdoing or improper
behavior. Those who violate the standards in this Code will be subject to disciplinary action, which may include suspension, termination
and/or the reporting of violative conduct to appropriate regulatory and criminal authorities. Any director, officer, or employee
who observes or otherwise becomes aware of conduct that violates, or could violate, the Code must take a prompt report of such
violation to the Company. Any officer or employee who fails to immediately report a Code violation, or perceived violation, or
who violates any aspect of the Code may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 

If a law conflicts
with a policy in this Code, a Covered Person must comply with the law; however, if a local custom or policy conflicts with this
Code, a Covered Person must comply with this Code. If a Covered Person has any questions about these conflicts or this Code, he
or she should consult with the Chief Executive Officer (  CEO  ). 

After carefully reviewing
this Code, you must sign the acknowledgment attached hereto, indicating that you have received, read, understand and agree to comply
with this Code. The acknowledgment must be returned either electronically in a manner provided for by the Company within ten (10)
business days of your receipt of this Code and otherwise as required by the Company. All Covered Persons will each be required
to annually certify compliance with the Code. The failure to certify such compliance or any false certification, even if directed
by a supervisor, is grounds for disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including termination of employment. 

III.    Honest and Ethical Conduct    

Each Covered Person
must always conduct himself or herself in an honest and ethical manner. Each Covered Person must act with the highest standards
of personal and professional integrity and not tolerate others who attempt to deceive or evade responsibility for their actions.
All actual or potential conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships must be handled honestly, ethically
and in accordance with the policies specified in this Code. In addition, all Covered Persons must be direct, honest and truthful
in discussions with, or requests for information from, the Board, regulatory agency officials and government officials, as well
as in all dealings with business partners and shareholders. 

IV.    Compliance with Applicable Governmental Laws, Rules and Regulations      

All Covered Persons
must respect and obey the laws, rules and regulations (including insider trading laws) of the jurisdictions in which we operate
and the rules and regulations applicable to the Company, its business and its affiliates (collectively, the   Company Group  ),
including those of the NASDAQ and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ). Although not all Covered
Persons are expected to know the details of the laws, rules and regulations to which the Company Group is subject, it is important
to understand enough to determine when it is necessary or appropriate to seek advice from supervisors, managers or other persons,
including the CEO and/or Board of Directors (  Board  ), who   can provide guidance on such matters. 

Disregard of the law
will not be tolerated. Violation of any applicable laws, rules and regulations may subject an individual, as well as one or more
members of the Company Group, to civil, administrative and/or criminal penalties and may harm their reputations. Covered Persons
should be aware that conduct and records, including e-mails, are subject to internal and external audits and to discovery by third
parties in the event of a government investigation or civil litigation. Consequently, it is in everyone s best interest to
understand and comply with the laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company Group. 

Areas that require
particular attention to ensure proper compliance include: 

Antitrust and Competition Laws: It is the policy of the Company to comply with the antitrust and
competition laws of each country in which the Company does business. No director, officer or employee of the Company will engage
in anti-competitive conduct in violation of any antitrust or competition law.   

Intellectual Property Laws: The Company requires that all scientific and technical information
generated, utilized and maintained by its employees and in strict compliance and conformity with applicable intellectual property
laws.   

Workplace Safety Laws and Regulations: The Company requires full compliance with applicable workplace
safety and industrial hygiene standards required by law. Each of us has a responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy working
environment for all persons at the Company, following safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and
unsafe equipment, practices or conditions.   

Insider Trading Laws: All members of board of directors and of executive boards, and their auxiliary
staff in the Company Group, will be severely penalized if they make use of  hot information  (i.e. information that
is not available to the general public, facts which could substantially influence the price of a listed security) that is in their
possession to create a financial advantage for themselves or for some third party by purchasing (prior to the announcement of favorable
information)or selling (prior to the announcement of unfavorable information) stock that is listed on an exchange or other securities.
The insider trading provisions affect securities of Anavex Life Sciences Corp., and those of companies that are being acquired
or merged with Anavex or a Company with which Anavex is planning to enter into a strategic alliance, if the said securities are
listed on an exchange or traded in pre-market dealings.   

Privacy and Data Protection Laws: The Company is committed to the protection of the individual
privacy of employees, persons who participate in the clinical trials of the Company s drug candidates and products and individual
third parties who perform services on behalf of the Company. The Company must comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations
whenever the Company does business, including activities performed on behalf of the Company by third parties. Such laws and regulations
are complex and differ from country to country. Any employee who handles or oversees the handling of individually-identifiable
data and who has a concern or question about the proper handling of such data should contact the CEO and/or consult any applicable
Company policies.   

Laws and Regulations relating to Records Retention: The Company must comply with all laws and regulations
mandating specified time periods for retaining various records of Company s activities. It is the responsibility of each
direct report of the CEO working with his/her staff and the CEO, to establish and maintain a system for the retention and safekeeping
of all records that are required by law or Company Policy.   

Laws Governing Pharmaceutical Products: The Company must comply with all laws and regulations governing
the manufacture, testing, review and approval, sales, marketing, shipment, storage, and destruction of pharmaceutical products
set forth by the Food and Drug Administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the local authorities and the European Union
and its member states. In conducting clinical trials of pharmaceutical products, the Company will comply with rules governing human
subject protection, animal welfare, and public disclosure of clinical trials for serious and life threatening diseases. The distribution
of pharmaceutical samples must comply with the Prescription Drug Marketing Act. These laws and regulations are complex, technical,
and comprehensive. Therefore, all employees shall take steps to become familiar with those areas directly relevant to their responsibilities
and shall consult with the CEO to obtain guidance on issues or areas of law or regulation that might arise during the normal course
of business.   

Interacting with healthcare professionals: All employees, officers and directors must comply with
all applicable laws, regulations and professional ethical rules in their dealing with healthcare professionals. The purpose of
every interaction between the Company and a healthcare professional must be to benefit patients or enhance the practice of medicine.
You may inform healthcare professionals about Company products, provide scientific and medical information and promote medical
research.   

Responsibility of Company Personnel: Every director, officer, or employee has the responsibility
to report a violation or suspected violation of this Policy. The Company promptly responds to all reports of suspected violations.
Any Director, officer, or employee who knows or believe that any other Director, officer, or employee of the Company, or anyone
else representing the Company, is violating or is suspected of violating this Policy should contact your supervisor.   

V.    Conflict of Interest    

All Covered Persons
have a duty to avoid business, financial or other direct or indirect relationships that conflict with the interests of the Company
or that divide his or her loyalty to the Company. A conflict of interest occurs when your personal interest interferes or appears
to interfere with the interests of the Company, or the Company Group as a whole. A conflict situation can arise, for example, when
a Covered Person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work for the Company honestly,
objectively and fairly. It is almost always a conflict for a Company officer or employee to work simultaneously for a competitor,
customer, or supplier or to work for a competitor as a consultant or board member. Conflicts of interest also arise when a Covered
Person, or any Family Member (as defined below) of such person, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position
at the Corporation. Loans to, other than those made in the ordinary course of business, or guarantees of obligations of, employees
or their Family Members may also create a conflict of interest. Covered Persons may not participate in a joint venture, partnership
or other business arrangement with the Company, without the prior approval of a majority of the Board. 

Any activity which
even appears to present a conflict must be avoided or terminated unless, after disclosure to the Company, it is determined that
the activity is not harmful to the Company or otherwise improper. It is our responsibility to disclose any material transaction
or relationship that could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to the CEO or Board of Directors. 

For purposes of this
Code,  Family Member  generally means a person s spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether by blood, marriage
or adoption, or anyone residing in such person s home. 

VI.    Corporate Opportunities     

Covered Persons owe
a duty to the Company Group to advance their legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises. Covered Persons must offer
to the Company any business opportunities related to the Company Group s target assets and business activities (as described
in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 relating to the Company s initial public offering or any periodic
report filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC, together with any other assets that the Board determinates from time
to time will be a target asset or potential investment or business of the Company Group). Covered Persons are prohibited from:
(i) taking for themselves opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company Group property, information or position,
unless such opportunities are presented to the Board and the Board declines to pursue such opportunities; (ii) using Company Group
property, information or position for improper personal gain; or (iii) competing with any member of the Company Group. Any employee,
other than an officer, may only pursue a corporate opportunity if the CEO or Board waives in writing the Company s right
to pursue the corporate opportunity. Corporate opportunities available to directors and officers may only be waived by the Board.
If the Company waives its right to pursue a corporate opportunity, Covered Persons may pursue such opportunities in a manner consistent
with this Code. 

VII.    Compliance Procedures; Reporting Violations     

The Company expects
all Covered Persons to work to ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of this Code. This Code covers a wide range
of business practices and procedures, but it does not address every applicable law or respond to every ethical question or concern
that may arise. Nonetheless, the general guidelines of this Code provide each Covered Person with the Company s expectations
regarding business dealings. The Company understands that there may be some situations in which it is difficult to know right from
wrong. In determining the best course of action, each Covered Person should answer the following questions to help evaluate specific
situations: 

1.  Will my action comply with the intent and purpose of the Company s policies and practices?   

2.  Will I compromise myself or the reputation of any member of the Company Group by this action if it
becomes known to my supervisor, colleagues, shareholders or friends?   

3.  Is this action honest in every respect?   

4.  Could this action appear inappropriate to others, even if it is ethical?   

If something you have
seen, heard or been asked to do (or not do) seems illegal, unethical or improper, it may very well be. Each Covered Person should
use his or her judgment before taking any action that could be deemed a violation of this Code or any law, rule or regulation or
Company policy. Furthermore, any Covered Person who becomes aware of (a) any existing or potential violation of this Code or any
law, rule or regulation or Company policy or (b) alleged irregularities of a general, operational or financial nature within the
Company (  Alleged Irregularities  ), has an obligation to report his or her complaint or concern to his or her
supervisor, to the CEO, the Whistleblower Hotline or the Board. Alleged Irregularities concerning the functioning of the Board
may be reported directly to the CEO. 

No Covered Person should
report any existing or potential violation of the Code or any law, rule or regulation, Company policy or any Alleged Irregularity
to any person who is involved in the matter giving rise to the existing or potential violation. 

All concerns will be
taken seriously by the Company and, when appropriate, the Company will fully investigate each allegation. This may include talking
to any individuals directly involved, as well as to others who may possess information pertinent to the situation. Covered Persons
are expected to cooperate fully with internal investigations of wrongdoing or misconduct, and failure to cooperate fully with any
such investigations will lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 

The Company will not
tolerate any retaliation against any Covered Person for raising, in good faith, a possible violation of this Code or of a law,
rule or regulation, Company policy or any Alleged Irregularity. Retaliation for reporting a U.S. federal offense is illegal under
U.S. federal law. Any person who participates in retaliatory conduct will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including
termination of employment or office. Misusing this Code by knowingly or recklessly providing false information to the Company may
also result in appropriate disciplinary action. 

Every director, officer,
manager and supervisor who receives a complaint or a report alleging or regarding an actual or potential violation of this Code
or of a law, rule or regulation, Company policy or regarding any Alleged Irregularity, has, without exception, the responsibility
to immediately communicate such complaint to the CEO or   the Company s Chief Financial Officer   (if such complaint
or report is related to financial, accounting or auditing matters). 

VIII.    Accounting Complaints    

The Company s
policy is to comply fully with all applicable financial reporting and accounting regulations. If any Covered Person has unresolved
concerns or complaints regarding questionable accounting, internal control or auditing matters concerning the Company, such person
is encouraged to submit such concerns or complaints in accordance with the Company s Complaint Procedures. 

IX.    Fair Dealing     

We seek to outperform
our competition fairly and honestly. We seek competitive advantages through superior performance, never through unethical or illegal
business practices. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that was obtained without the owner s
consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees or officers of other companies is prohibited. Each Covered Person
should endeavor to respect the rights of, and to deal fairly with the Company Group s guests, suppliers, consultants, competitors,
employees, officers and other persons with whom the members of the Company Group transact business. No Covered Person should take
unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts,
or any other unfair dealing practice. 

X.    Confidentiality    

Directors, officers
and employees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company, except when disclosure is authorized
under the Company s Disclosure Policy or as otherwise legally mandated. Confidential information includes all non-public
information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company, its suppliers or its customers, if disclosed. It also
includes information that suppliers, customers and individuals or institutions involved in clinical trials or other product development
activities have provided to the Company. Employees should take appropriate steps to limit distribution of such confidential information
to only those employees of the Company who have a need to know such information in order to carry out their job responsibilities.
It is the Policy of the Company that each of us must respect the proprietary information of other individuals or organizations
with which the Company does business. Information obtained from public sources can legitimately be used in the Company s
business activities, but proprietary information obtained through improper means can never be used by any director, officer or
employee in carrying out his /her job responsibilities. 

XI.    Insider Trading    

The laws against insider
trading of the Company s (or other) securities are specific and complex. Covered Persons may obtain, or come into regular
or occasional contact with, information that qualifies as  inside information  under applicable securities laws. Inside
information includes material information about the Company that is not available to the public. The unauthorized use by a Covered
Person of inside information is unethical and may also be unlawful. Covered Persons should never trade the shares or other securities
of the Company while in possession of inside information, nor should they disclose such information to any other person that might
engage in trading activities, unless in compliance with the Company s Policy on Insider Information and Insider Trading.
In all cases, it is each Covered Person s responsibility to ensure that he or she complies with all relevant securities laws
and regulations. 

XII.    Protection and Proper Use of the Company Group s Assets     

All Covered Persons
should protect the Company Group s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact
on the Company Group s profitability. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be immediately reported to the Company s
CEO or designee. All of the Company Group s assets should be used for legitimate business purposes and should not be used
for non-company business, although incidental personal use may be permitted with the permission of your supervisor.   The
Company has the ability, and reserves the right, to monitor all electronic and telephonic communication. 

XIII.    Business Records    

The Company s
responsibilities to its stakeholders and the investing public require that all of the Company s and Company Group s
books, records, accounts and financial statements be maintained in reasonable detail, appropriately reflect the Company s
transactions and conform to applicable legal requirements, the Company s system of internal controls and generally accepted
accounting principles (  GAAP  ). The Company relies on the accuracy and completeness of its business records
to (i) provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the current reports, periodic reports and other information
it files with or submits to the SEC and in other public communications, such as press releases, earnings conference calls and industry
conferences, made by the Company or on the Company s behalf, (ii) make management decisions and (iii) analyze its operations.
The accuracy of such records is essential for continued, long-term business success. 

No false, misleading
or artificial entries may be made by any Covered Person in the books and records of the Company or the Company Group. All Covered
Persons with supervisory responsibility shall establish and implement appropriate internal accounting controls over all areas of
their responsibility to ensure the safeguarding of the Company s assets and the accuracy of its financial records and reports.
The Company has adopted controls in accordance with internal needs and the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. These
established accounting practices and procedures must be followed to assure the complete and accurate recording of all transactions.
All Covered Persons, within their areas of responsibility, are expected to adhere to these procedures, as directed by the Chief
Financial Officer. 

Any accounting adjustments
that materially depart from GAAP must be approved by the Company s Chief Financial Officer. In addition, all material off-balance-sheet
transactions, arrangements and obligations, contingent or otherwise, and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that may have material current or future effects on the financial condition, changes in financial condition,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources or significant components of revenues or expenses must
be disclosed to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

No Covered Person may
interfere with or seek to improperly influence, directly or indirectly, the auditing of the Company s financial records.
Violation of these provisions shall result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, and may also
subject the violator to substantial liability. 

XIV.    Retention of Business Records     

Records retention policies
seek to establish consistent practices concerning how long records should be kept and when, in the normal course of business, they
should be destroyed. All Covered Persons must comply at all times with all laws, rules and regulations relating to records preservation,
all records retention policies and all document or record preservation notices. Records must be maintained for the duration of
the assigned retention periods. A record includes any information, regardless of physical format, which has been created or received
in the transaction of the Company s business. Physical format of a record includes paper documents, CDs, DVDs, computer hard
disks, e-mail, floppy disks, microfiche, microfilm or all other media and data storage devices. The retention and proper disposal
of the Company Group s records shall be in accordance with established Company policies and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements. 

If the existence of
any pending or threatened legal action, subpoena or investigation is known or reported to you, promptly contact the CEO. You must
retain all records that may relate to any pending or threatened legal action, subpoena or investigation. If you have a question
as to whether a record pertains to a pending or threatened legal action, subpoena or investigation, contact the CEO before disposing
of the record in question. 

XV.    Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy    

This Anti-Bribery and
Anti-Corruption Policy of Anavex (the   Policy  )   is designed to ensure compliance with the US Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the   FCPA  ) ,  as well as with the principles described in the Convention
on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and any local anti-bribery or anti-corruption
laws existing where Anavex and its affiliates operates (collectively, the   Anti-Corruption Laws  ). This Policy
applies to all Covered Persons. 

Anavex takes a zero-tolerance
approach to bribery and corruption. All Company personnel are expected to conduct business legally and ethically, in accordance
with best practices. As a general principle, Anavex and its representatives shall not transfer or offer to transfer any type of
benefit for the purpose of influencing a public official to misuse his or her power or influence. 

A.    Purpose and Application of this Policy     

The purpose of this
Policy is to establish the obligations of Anavex, and of those working on behalf of the Company, in observing and upholding its
position on bribery and corruption, and to provide guidance on how to recognize and deal with bribery and corruption issues. As
the FCPA has extraterritorial application, Anavex, along with all Covered Persons will be bound by these laws in relation to conduct
in all countries in which they operate. This Policy is not intended to supplant the Anti-Corruption Laws. 

B.    Compliance Requirements     

Prohibited Activities 
  No Covered Person shall, directly or indirectly give, offer or agree to give anything of value of any kind (including any
payment, loan, gift, reward, advantage, benefit or service) to a public official or to any person for the benefit of a public official:
(a) as consideration for an act or omission by the official in connection with the performance of his/her duties; or (b) to induce
the official to use his/her position to influence any acts or decisions of the government for which the official performs his/her
duties. 

A   public
official   includes any person who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of a state; a person who performs
public duties or functions for a state, including a person employed by a board, commission, corporation state-owned company or
other body or authority that is established to perform a duty or function on behalf of a state, or is performing such a duty or
function; and an official or agent of a public international organization that is formed by two or more states or governments,
or by two or more such public international organizations. A  state  means any country, and includes any political
subdivision of that country (such as a province or territory); the government, and any department, or branch of that country or
of a political subdivision of that country; or any agency of that country or of a political sub-division of that country. 

Bribes given through
an agent or received by a party other than a public official are also prohibited if the ultimate goal is to influence a public
official by conferring a benefit. Any question about whether someone is a public official should be directed to the CEO. 

Covered Persons may
not make or authorize cash or cash equivalent (e.g. check) reimbursements or payments of any kind to individual public officials
without prior written authorization from the CEO. 

No Facilitation
Payments    - Anavex does not make  facilitation payments  or  kickbacks  of any kind, regardless
of whether such payments are permitted under applicable law. Facilitation payments are typically small, unofficial payments made
to secure or expedite a routine government action by a government official (such as the issuance of permits, licenses, provision
of mail pick-up and delivery etc.). Kickbacks are typically payments made in return for a business favor or advantage and can include
discounts or other types of cash incentives. 

All Covered Persons
must avoid any activity that might lead to, or suggest, that a facilitation payment or kickback will be made by, on behalf of,
or otherwise in connection with the business of or for the benefit of the Company. 

If asked to make a
payment on the Company s behalf, always be mindful of what the payment is for and whether the amount requested is proportionate
to the goods or services provided. Always obtain a receipt which details the reason for the payment and evidences that the payment
went directly to the appropriate payee who provided the goods or services. Any suspicions, concerns or questions regarding a payment
should be raised with the CEO. 

Lodging and
Travel Expenses    - If any Covered Person proposes to reimburse the bona fide and reasonable travel and lodging expenses
of a public official, such Covered Person shall document such proposed reimbursement, lodging or services and shall consult with
the CEO to determine the propriety of any such proposed reimbursement and obtain the CEO s prior written authorization before
making any offer to such Public Official. In any such case, the amount and purpose of such reimbursement, lodging or services must
be reasonable and must relate directly to either: (a) the promotion, demonstration, or explanation of the Company s services
or operations with a government, government agency, or government-owned or government-controlled enterprise or the performance
of an official duty related to the Company; or (b) the execution or performance of a contract with a state or related organization. 

Gifts and
Hospitality    - This Policy does not prohibit normal, appropriate and modest hospitality to or from third parties. These
customary courtesies are designed to build goodwill among business partners. 

The test to be applied
is whether in all the circumstances the gift or hospitality is reasonable and justifiable (both from the perspective of the provider
and recipient) rather than lavish and extraordinary; bearing in mind that what may normally be viewed as small or insignificant
in some countries can be of significant value in another. The intention behind the gift should always be considered and nothing
should be explicitly or implicitly expected or demanded in return. 

The giving of gifts
and corporate hospitality or entertainment is not prohibited, if the following requirements are met: 

(a)       it is done in
the normal course of the Company s business and without the intention of, or without a reasonable prospect of, influencing
a public official to obtain or retain an improper business advantage, or to reward the provision or retention of an improper business
advantage, or in explicit or implicit exchange for favors or benefits; 

(b)       it complies with
applicable local law; 

(c)       it does not include
cash or a cash equivalent; 

(d)       it must be properly
recorded and disclosed, and not paid personally to avoid any approval or disclosure requirements; 

(e)       taking into account
the reason for the gift or hospitality, it is of an appropriate type and value in the applicable country/region and given at an
appropriate time; 

(f)       it is given openly
and in the Company s name, not secretly; and 

(g)      it is not given
or received frequently between the same individuals. 

Gifts or hospitality should not be offered
to Public Officials or government representatives, or politicians or political parties, without the prior approval of the Chief
Executive Officer or the CEO. 

Community
Funding    - Government officials or their representatives may request or expect funding for consideration or approval
of regulatory matters involving the Company. The Company may be given opportunities to financially support development initiatives
of communities in proximity to its projects or make charitable contributions. Although it may be customary to do so, no Covered
Person may make or commit to such funding, contributions or payments to public officials on behalf of the Company without the prior
written approval of the Company s Chief Executive Officer. In each of these scenarios, such payments or contributions may
be prohibited under applicable laws and, accordingly, in order to avoid involvement in improper conduct, it is critically important
that the Company be diligent in confirming details of the nature of the payment in question, including with respect to who the
intended beneficiaries of the contribution in question are, and how they will benefit. 

Political
Contributions    - No Covered Persons should make any contribution or provide any financial support to any political party
or candidate on behalf of Anavex, except as may be pre-approved by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. No Political Contributions
may be used as a subterfuge for bribery. 

In undertaking any
political activity that is not authorized by this policy or other policies of the Company, all Covered Persons will be deemed to
be acting in their personal capacity or that of their own corporate organization and not on behalf of the Anavex. 

Record Keeping   
- All accounts, invoices, memoranda and other documents and records relating to dealings with third parties must be prepared and
maintained with strict accuracy and completeness. Covered Persons must ensure that all expense reports relating to hospitality,
gifts or expenses incurred to third parties are submitted in accordance with the relevant Company policies and that the reasons
for the expenditures are specifically recorded. No accounts or transactions must be kept  off-book  for any reason,
including to facilitate or conceal improper payments. Recording of any payments in any way which would conceal their true nature
constitutes a violation of this Policy and applicable laws. 

All document processing payments, attachments
to justify payment requests, classification of payments, authorizations, and certifications subject to this Policy must be capable
of being retrieved at least for five (5) years. 

C.    Penalties for Non-Compliance     

Individuals who fail
to comply with this Policy may face severe consequences which could include internal disciplinary action or termination of employment
or service arrangements without advance notice. If it appears that any Covered Person may have violated any applicable Anti-Corruption
Laws, then the Company may refer the matter to the appropriate regulatory authorities, which could lead to penalties, fines or
imprisonment for Anavex and/or the responsible person. 

The Company may be
held liable where any of its employees, agents, contractors or other representatives has engaged in bribes or other forms of corruption
or misconduct, whether known or not by senior management. Companies charged under the Anti-Corruption Laws may be subject to significant
fines, negative effects on its share price and material damage to its reputation. A convicted company may also be ordered to forfeit
all proceeds obtained from an act of bribery. 

D.    Policy Implementation and Oversight     

The Company s Board has overall responsibility
for ensuring this Policy complies with the Company s legal and ethical obligations, and that all those under the Company s
control comply with it. 

The Company s
Chief Executive Officer has primary responsibility for overseeing the implementation of this Policy, and for monitoring its suitability,
adequacy and effectiveness. Where appropriate the Company s Chief Executive Officer may consult with other officers of the
Company prior to making determinations in relation to this Policy. Management at all levels is responsible for ensuring that those
reporting to them are made aware of, understand and comply this Policy. 

The Company shall continue
to develop, implement, monitor and maintain a system of internal controls to facilitate and assess compliance with this Policy
by its employees, agents, contractors and consultants. 

These systems shall
include the following elements: 

- All officers and directors,
all corporate employees, all members of the executive committee and certain additional employees in positions that require them
to interact with public officials, approve payments or keep accounting records (the   Designated Employees  ),
will receive relevant training on how to implement and adhere to this Policy. All Designated Employees will provide annual certification
of compliance with this Policy. 

- Internal audits will
be conducted periodically to assess whether this Policy is effective in (i) increasing awareness among Covered Persons of bribery
and corruption issues, and the significance thereof; (ii) systematically reducing the risk of occurrence of bribery and corruption
related incidents involving the Company; (iii) establishing appropriate written records to evidence that reasonable care and diligence
have been taken to ensure compliance in these areas. 

- Internal audits will
be conducted periodically in order to monitor instances of non-compliance by Covered Persons, with appropriate follow-up action
as warranted. 

- A report will be provided
to the Board on an annual basis confirming that: (a) all annual certifications have been obtained, and summarizing the results
thereof; (b) an internal audit of the effectiveness of this Policy has been duly completed; and (c) material issues that
are identified are reported to the Board and appropriate corrective action is taken. 

- The Company shall conduct
an anti-bribery risk review of projects or proposals involving business in new jurisdictions. The level of due diligence conducted
should be consistent with the level of risk to be managed, and must include an assessment of the prevalence of bribery, corruption
and other unacceptable behavior in such new market. 

- Due diligence on potential
acquisition targets must include consideration of whether the target and its representatives have complied with applicable bribery
and corruption legislation. Employment, consultancy, agency and similar agreements entered into by the Company, where the employees
will be Designated Employees or consultants or agents are expected to have interaction with public officials, shall require counterparties
to acknowledge and agree that they understand, and shall comply with, this Policy. 

E.    Communication of this Policy     

This Policy, along
with any updates hereto, will be posted on the Company s website. A copy of the Policy will be provided to all Designated
Employees and to all agents, consultants and contractors of Anavex having interaction with public officials on behalf of Anavex,
and they will be advised that the Policy is available on the Anavex website for their review, and informed whenever significant
changes are made. 

Education on this Policy
will form part of the orientation or induction process for all new Designated Employees. In addition, this Policy shall be communicated
to any agent, contractor or consultant having interaction with public officials on behalf of Anavex at the outset of the business
relationship, and as appropriate thereafter. For advice on these communications, please contact the Company s CEO. 

F.    Reporting Obligations     

1.             Reporting   .
All Covered Persons must immediately report any known, suspected or suggested violations of this Policy to the Company s
CEO. Alternatively, Covered Persons can report any known, suspected or suggested violations of this Policy through the Company s
Whistleblower Hotline by one of the following methods: 

a.          Email .
By email on a confidential basis which is forwarded directly to a designated member of the Board of Directors (the    Board
Member  ) to: anavexhotline@anavexcorp.com. This hotline email address is forwarded directly
to the Board Member who will maintain anonymity if so requested. However, employees may also use a non-identifiable or third party
email address to submit anonymous complaints to the hotline.   

b.          Audio
Message . Employees or others wishing to lodge a complaint or raise compliance
concerns may contact  917-460-0668  to record an audio message. An audio file will
be created and will be forwarded to the Board Member.  

Additionally, Covered Persons may contact
the Company s CEO with a question or concern about the application of this Policy. Any questions or violation reports will
be addressed immediately and taken seriously, and can be made anonymously. The CEO, Board Member or his/her designee will investigate
any reported violations, and, if warranted, will determine an appropriate response, including corrective action and preventative
measures. All reports will be treated confidentially to every extent possible. 

The Company will maintain
a record of all reports under this Policy, tracking their receipt, investigation and resolution. 

The Company will promptly
report any violations of applicable law to appropriate regulatory authorities. 

2.          Protection   .
The Company encourages openness and will support anyone who raises genuine concerns in good faith under this policy, even if they
turn out to be mistaken. 

The Company is committed
to ensuring no one suffers any detrimental treatment as a result of refusing to take part in bribery or corruption, or because
of reporting in good faith their suspicion that an actual or potential bribery or other corruption offence has taken place, or
may take place in the future. Detrimental treatment includes dismissal, disciplinary action, threats or other unfavorable treatment
connected with raising a concern. If you believe that you have suffered any such treatment, you should inform the Company s
CEO immediately. If the matter is not remedied, and you are an employee, you should raise it formally with the CEO. 

G.    Conclusions     

The prevention, detection
and reporting of bribery offences and other forms of corruption are the responsibility of all those working for Anavex or on its
behalf. If you have any questions about this Policy, please do not hesitate to contact the Company s CEO. 

XVI.    Political Contributions    

The Company Group s
funds or assets may not be contributed, directly or indirectly, to any political party, committee or candidate, or the holder of
any federal, state or local government office within the United States unless prior approval has been given by the Company s
CEO. In countries other than the United States in which political contributions by companies are lawful, a political contribution
may be made only upon the prior specific written approval of the Company s CEO.   Covered Persons shall not be directed,
pressured or coerced in any manner by a director, officer or any individual acting in a managerial or supervisory capacity to make
a contribution to any political party or committee or to any candidate for or the holder of any government office. 

XVII.    Waivers Of or Changes to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics    

It may be appropriate
for a provision of this Code to be waived in a particular circumstance. Any waiver of, or changes to, this Code that apply to executive
officers or directors of the Company may be made only by the Nominating Committee or another committee of our Board comprised solely
of independent non-executive directors or a majority of our independent non-executive directors and must be promptly disclosed
to shareholders as required by law or regulation of the SEC and the rules of the Nasdaq. In particular, to the extent that such
committee determines to grant any waiver of this Code for an executive officer or director, the waiver shall be disclosed to shareholders
within four business days of such determination through a press release, providing website disclosure, or by filing a current report
on Form 8-K with the SEC. Any other Covered Person seeking a waiver should speak to his or her supervisor, who, in turn, should
obtain the written approval of the Chief Executive Officer regarding such matter. 

For the avoidance of
doubt, no waiver shall be given from any provision of this Code that is not permitted under applicable law, rules or regulations. 

XVIII.    Compliance     

The matters covered
in this Code are of the utmost importance to the Company, the Company Group as a whole, and their respective stakeholders and business
partners, and are essential to the Company Group s ability to conduct its business in accordance with its stated values.
The Company expects all Covered Persons and persons with whom the Company Group transacts business to adhere to the standards set
forth in this Code in carrying out their duties to the Company Group. Individuals whose actions are deemed to be in violation of
this Code or other policies of the Company that may be adopted from time to time will be subject to disciplinary action, up to
and including suspension, termination and/or the reporting of violative conduct to the appropriate authorities and potential civil
liability and criminal prosecution. 

XIX.    Administration And Implementation    

The Board has overall
responsibility for administering and interpreting this Code. The CEO is responsible for the implementation of this Code. 

XX.    Website Disclosure    

This Code, as may be
amended from time to time, shall be posted on the Company s website. The Company shall state in its annual proxy statement
that this Code is available on the Company s website and provide the website address.  

Approved:  

</EX-14.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 s104917_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23-1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Anavex Life Sciences Corp. 

 New York, New York 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-207600) of our report dated
December 14, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Anavex Life Sciences Corp. s
internal control over financial reporting which  expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting and  appears in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 s104917_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Christopher Missling, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Anavex Life Sciences Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Missling  

Christopher Missling   

Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary  
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 s104917_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Sandra Boenisch, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Anavex Life Sciences Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016  

/s/ Sandra Boenisch  

Sandra Boenisch  

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer  
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 s104917_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Annual Report of
Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), we, Christopher Missling, Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and Sandra Boenisch, Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company,
hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that
to the best of our knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.   

Date: December 14, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Missling  

Christopher Missling  

Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Sandra Boenisch  

Sandra Boenisch  

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer  
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 avxl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 avxl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 avxl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 avxl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 avxl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 avxl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

