<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_798941_0000798941-16-000064_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26095236</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182485</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>909585</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10541746</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11405088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2543227</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>72</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000798941-16-000064.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031160033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000798941-16-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000798941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				561528994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16715
		FILM NUMBER:		161961630

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919 716 7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000798941-16-000064.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 fcnca_10qx09302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ____________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ____________________________________________________ 
  x      Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  or 
    
         Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
  Commission File Number: 001-16715 
  ____________________________________________________ 
  First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ____________________________________________________ 
                 Delaware 
    56-1528994 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

4300 Six Forks Road, Raleigh, North Carolina 
    27609 
      (Address of principle executive offices) 
    (Zip code) 

(919) 716-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  ____________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety days.    Yes    x     No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files)    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer  and  large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
    
                       Large accelerated filer 
    x 
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Class A Common Stock $1 Par Value   11,005,220   shares 
  Class B Common Stock $1 Par Value   1,005,185   shares 
  (Number of shares outstanding, by class, as of   October 28, 2016  ) 

Table of Contents  

INDEX 

Page No. 

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)  
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  
    5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited)  
    6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
    7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    8 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    47 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    73 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    73 

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    74 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    74 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    74 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    74 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE A - ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (BancShares) is a financial holding company organized under the laws of Delaware and conducts operations through its banking subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank   Trust Company (FCB), which is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina. 
    
  General 
  These consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are presented in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X and, therefore, do not include all information and notes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flow activity required in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). In the opinion of management, all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations have been made. The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in BancShares' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Reclassifications 
  In certain instances, amounts reported in prior years' consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current financial statement presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders' equity or net income. 
    
  Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in BancShares' consolidated financial position, the consolidated results of operations or related disclosures. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include: 
             
    Allowance for loan and lease losses 
                
    Fair value of financial instruments, including acquired assets and assumed liabilities 
                
    Pension plan assumptions 
                
    Cash flow estimates on purchased credit-impaired loans 
                
    Receivable from and payable to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for loss share agreements 
                
    Income tax assets, liabilities and expense 
     Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments 
  This ASU eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination and requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts must be calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date.  
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this ASU with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. We adopted the guidance effective in the first quarter of 2016.  
  During the third quarter of 2016, adjustments were made to the acquisition fair value for the FDIC-assisted acquisition of First CornerStone Bank (FCSB) of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The adjustments were primarily based upon updated collateral  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

valuations, resulting in an increase of   $837 thousand   to the gain on acquisition reflected in the three months ended September 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $3.0 million   and are included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  During the second quarter of 2016, adjustments were made to the acquisition fair values for the FDIC-assisted acquisition of North Milwaukee State Bank (NMSB) of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, primarily based upon updated collateral valuations, resulting in an increase of   $1.2 million   to the gain on acquisition reflected in the three months ended June 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $2.9 million   which is included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  FASB ASU 2015-03,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 
  This ASU simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update.  
  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 for public business entities, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied retrospectively. We adopted the guidance effective in the first quarter of 2016. The initial adoption did not have an impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. 
  FASB ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis 
  This ASU improves targeted areas of consolidation guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. In addition to reducing the number of consolidation models from four to two, the new standard places more emphasis on risk of loss when determining a controlling financial interest, reducing the frequency of the application of related-party guidance when determining a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity (VIE), and changing consolidation conclusions for public and private companies in several industries that typically make use of limited partnerships or VIEs. 
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 for public business entities, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted the guidance effective in the first quarter of 2016. The initial adoption did not have an impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  FASB ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
  This ASU addresses the diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU provide guidance on (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions received from equity method investees; (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. 
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard and we will adopt the guidance during the first quarter of 2018. 
  FASB ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
  This ASU eliminates the delayed recognition of the full amount of credit losses until the loss was probable of occurring and instead will reflect an entity's current estimate of all expected credit losses. The amendments in this ASU broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. The ASU does not specify a method for measuring expected credit losses and allows an entity to apply methods that reasonably reflect its expectations of the credit loss estimate based on the entity's size, complexity and risk profile. In addition, the disclosures of credit quality indicators in relation to the amortized cost of financing receivables, a current disclosure requirement, are further disaggregated by year of origination. 
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard and we will adopt the guidance by the first quarter of 2020.  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

FASB ASU 2016-07,   Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting 
  This ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The ASU requires that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor's previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. Further, the ASU requires that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings, the unrealized gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method.  
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We will adopt the guidance during the first quarter of 2017. BancShares does not anticipate any effect on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations as a result of adoption. 
  FASB ASU 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments 
  This ASU clarifies what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. When a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks.  
  The amendments in the ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We will adopt the guidance during the first quarter of 2017. BancShares does not anticipate any effect on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations as a result of adoption. 
  FASB ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) 
  This ASU increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The key difference between existing standards and this ASU is the requirement for lessees to recognize on their balance sheet all lease contracts. An entity may make an accounting election by classification to not recognize leases with terms less than 12 months on their balance sheet. Both a right-of-use asset, representing the right to use the leased asset, and a lease liability, representing the contractual obligation, are required to be recognized on the balance sheet of the lessee at lease commencement. Further, this ASU requires lessees to classify leases as either operating or finance leases, which are substantially similar to the current operating and capital leases classifications. The distinction between these two classifications under the new standard does not relate to balance sheet treatment, but relates to treatment in the statements of income and cash flows. Lessor guidance remains largely unchanged with the exception of how a lessor determines the appropriate lease classification for each lease to better align the lessor guidance with revised lessee classification guidance. 
  The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard and we will adopt during the first quarter of 2019.  
  FASB ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10)  :   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
  This ASU addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of certain financial instruments. The amendments in this ASU (1) require equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; (2) simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without a readily determinable fair value; (3) eliminate the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; (4) require public business entities to use exit price notion, rather than entry prices, when measuring fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (5) require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements;  (6) require separate presentation in other comprehensive income of the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; and (7) state that a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets related to available-for-sale securities should be evaluated in combination with other deferred tax assets. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The ASU only permits early adoption of the instrument-specific credit risk provision. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard and we will adopt during the first quarter of 2018. 
  FASB ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued a standard on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers with the core principle being for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also results in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  , to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from  Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , to clarify guidance for identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  , to clarify and improve the guidance for certain aspects of Topic 606.  
  Per ASU 2015-14,   Deferral of the Effective Date  , this guidance was deferred and is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new standard and we will adopt during the first quarter of 2018 using one of two retrospective application methods.  
   
  NOTE B - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
  Cordia Bancorp Inc. 
  On September 1, 2016, First Citizens Bank completed the merger of Midlothian, Virginia-based Cordia Bancorp, Inc. (Cordia) and its subsidiary, Bank of Virginia (BVA) into First Citizens Bank. Under the terms of the merger agreement, cash consideration of   $5.15   was paid to Cordia s shareholders for each of their shares of Cordia s common stock, with total consideration paid of   $37.1 million  . The merger allowed FCB to strengthen its presence in the greater Richmond, Virginia area as Cordia operated six BVA branches in Richmond, Midlothian, Chesterfield, Colonial Heights and Chester, Virginia. 
    
  The Cordia transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 
    
  The fair value of assets acquired was   $349.3 million  , including   $241.4 million   in loans and   $2.2 million   of identifiable intangible assets. Liabilities assumed were   $323.1 million   of which   $292.2 million   were deposits. As a result of the transaction, FCB recorded   $10.8 million   of goodwill. The amount of goodwill recorded represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. This premium paid reflects the increased market share and related synergies that are expected to result from the acquisition. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes as the merger is accounted for as a tax-free exchange. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the purchase price as of the acquisition date and the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. 

Merger-related expenses of   $3.6 million   and   $3.8 million   from the Cordia transaction were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loan-related interest income generated from Cordia was approximately   $1.0 million   since the acquisition date. 
    
  Due to the immaterial amount of loans resulting from the Cordia transaction that had evidence of credit quality deterioration, all loans are accounted for as non-purchased credit-impaired (non-PCI) loans under ASC 310-20. 
  First CornerStone Bank 
  On May 6, 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC, as Receiver, to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of FCSB of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The acquisition provided FCB the opportunity to grow capital and enhance earnings. 
    
  The FCSB transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 
    
  The fair value of the assets acquired was   $87.4 million  , including   $43.8 million   in loans and   $390 thousand   of identifiable intangible assets. Liabilities assumed were   $96.9 million   of which the majority were deposits. During the third quarter of 2016, adjustments were made to the acquisition fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $837 thousand   to the gain on acquisition reflected in the three months ended September 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $3.0 million   which is included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 

Merger-related expenses of   $130 thousand   and   $923 thousand   from the FCSB transaction were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loan-related interest income generated from FCSB was approximately   $573 thousand   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $897 thousand   since the acquisition date. 
  All loans resulting from the FCSB transaction were recorded at the acquisition date with a discount attributable, at least in part, to credit quality, and are therefore accounted for as purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loans under ASC 310-30. 
  North Milwaukee State Bank 
  On March 11, 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC, as Receiver, to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of NMSB with two branches in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The acquisition provided FCB with the opportunity to grow capital and enhance earnings. 
    
  The NMSB transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 
    
  The fair value of the assets acquired was   $53.6 million  , including   $36.9 million   in loans and   $240 thousand   of identifiable intangible assets. Liabilities assumed were   $60.9 million   of which   $59.2 million   were deposits. During the second quarter of 2016, adjustments were made to the acquisition fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $1.2 million   to the gain on acquisition reflected in the three months ended June 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $2.9 million   which is included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 

Merger-related expenses of   $35 thousand   and   $511 thousand   from the NMSB transaction were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loan-related interest income generated from NMSB was approximately   $699 thousand   for the   third quarter   of 2016 and   $1.5 million   since the acquisition date. 
  All loans resulting from the NMSB transaction were recorded at the acquisition date with a discount attributable, at least in part, to credit quality, and are therefore accounted for as PCI loans under ASC 310-30. 

14 

Table of Contents  

NOTE C - INVESTMENTS 
  The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows: 

Investments in mortgage-backed securities primarily represent securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Investments in equity securities and corporate bonds represent positions in securities of other financial institutions. The following table provides the amortized cost and fair value by contractual maturity. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities on certain securities because borrowers and issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. Repayments of mortgage-backed securities are dependent on the repayments of the underlying loan balances. Equity securities do not have a stated maturity date. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

For each period presented, securities gains (losses) included the following:    

The following table provides information regarding securities with unrealized losses as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Investment securities with an aggregate fair value of   $289.2 million   and   $280.1 million   had continuous unrealized losses for more than 12 months with a corresponding aggregate unrealized loss of   $2.2 million   and   $6.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , all   40   of these investments are government sponsored enterprise-issued mortgage-backed securities.   None   of the unrealized losses identified as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015   relate to the marketability of the securities or the issuer s ability to honor redemption obligations. Rather, the unrealized losses relate to changes in interest rates relative to when the investment securities were purchased. For all periods presented, BancShares had the ability and intent to retain these securities for a period of time sufficient to recover all unrealized losses. Therefore,   none   of the securities were deemed to be other than temporarily impaired. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Investment securities having an aggregate carrying value of   $4.67 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   $4.73 billion   at   December 31, 2015   were pledged as collateral to secure public funds on deposit and certain short-term borrowings, and for other purposes as required by law. 
   
  NOTE D - LOANS AND LEASES 
  BancShares' accounting methods for loans and leases differ depending on whether they are purchased credit-impaired (PCI) or non-PCI. Non-PCI loans and leases include originated commercial, originated noncommercial, purchased non-impaired loans, purchased leases and certain purchased revolving credit. For purchased non-impaired loans to be included as non-PCI, it must be determined that the loans do not have a discount due, at least in part, to credit quality at the time of acquisition. Conversely, loans for which it is probable at acquisition that all required payments will not be collected in accordance with contractual terms are considered PCI loans. PCI loans are evaluated at acquisition and where a discount is required at least in part due to credit quality, the nonrevolving loans are accounted for under the guidance in ASC Topic 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  . PCI loans and leases are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. No allowance for loan and lease losses is recorded on the acquisition date as the fair value of the acquired assets incorporates assumptions regarding credit risk. An allowance is recorded if there is additional credit deterioration after the acquisition date. 
  BancShares reports PCI and non-PCI loan portfolios separately, and each portfolio is further divided into commercial and non-commercial based on the type of borrower, purpose, collateral, and/or our underlying credit management processes. Additionally, loans are assigned to loan classes, which further disaggregate loans based upon common risk characteristics. 
  Commercial         Commercial loans include construction and land development, mortgage, other commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, lease financing and other. 
    
  Construction and land development     Construction and land development consists of loans to finance land for development, investment, and use in a commercial business enterprise; multifamily apartments; and other commercial buildings that may be owner-occupied or income generating investments for the owner. 
  Commercial mortgage     Commercial mortgage consists of loans to purchase or refinance owner-occupied nonresidential and investment properties. Investment properties include office buildings and other facilities that are rented or leased to unrelated parties. 
  Other commercial real estate     Other commercial real estate consists of loans secured by farmland (including residential farms and other improvements) and multifamily (5 or more) residential properties. 
  Commercial and industrial     Commercial and industrial consists of loans or lines of credit to finance corporate credit cards, accounts receivable, inventory and other general business purposes. 
  Lease financing     Lease financing consists solely of lease financing agreements for business equipment, vehicles and other assets. 
  Other     Other consists of all other commercial loans not classified in one of the preceding classes. These typically include loans to non-profit organizations such as churches, hospitals, educational and charitable organizations. 
    
  Noncommercial       Noncommercial consist of residential and revolving mortgage, construction and land development, and consumer loans. 
    
  Residential mortgage      Residential real estate consists of loans to purchase, construct or refinance the borrower's primary dwelling, second residence or vacation home. 
  Revolving mortgage     Revolving mortgage consists of home equity lines of credit that are secured by first or second liens on the borrower's primary residence. 
  Construction and land development     Construction and land development consists of loans to construct the borrower's primary or secondary residence or vacant land upon which the owner intends to construct a dwelling at a future date. 
  Consumer     Consumer loans consist of installment loans to finance purchases of vehicles, unsecured home improvements, student loans and revolving lines of credit that can be secured or unsecured, including personal credit cards. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

Loans and leases outstanding included the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

At   September 30, 2016  ,   $91.5 million   of total loans and leases were covered under loss share agreements, compared to   $272.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The decline was primarily due to the expiration and termination of certain loss share agreements during 2016. 
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $8.37 billion   in noncovered loans with a lendable collateral value of   $5.96 billion   were used to secure   $660.2 million   in Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Atlanta advances, resulting in additional borrowing capacity of   $5.29 billion  . At   December 31, 2015  ,   $8.58 billion   in noncovered loans with a lendable collateral value of   $6.08 billion   were used to secure   $510.3 million   in FHLB of Atlanta advances, resulting in additional borrowing capacity of   $5.57 billion  . 
    
  Net deferred fees on originated non-PCI loans and leases, including unearned income and unamortized costs, fees, premiums and discounts, were   $8.8 million   and   $16.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The unamortized discount related to purchased non-PCI loans and leases in the Cordia transaction was   $4.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The unamortized discount related to purchased non-PCI loans and leases from the First Citizens Bancorporation, Inc. merger was   $31.4 million   and   $41.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. During the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , accretion income on non-PCI loans was   $3.6 million   and   $4.5 million  , respectively. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , accretion income on non-PCI loans was   $9.7 million   and   $15.6 million  , respectively. 
  During the third quarter of 2016, certain residential mortgage loans totaling   $64.3 million   were sold, resulting in a gain of   $3.8 million  .  

18 

     Table of Contents  

Credit quality indicators 
    
  Loans and leases are monitored for credit quality on a recurring basis. The credit quality indicators used are dependent on the portfolio segment to which the loan relates. Commercial and noncommercial loans and leases have different credit quality indicators as a result of the unique characteristics of the loan segment being evaluated. The credit quality indicators for non-PCI and PCI commercial loans and leases are developed through a review of individual borrowers on an ongoing basis. Each commercial loan is evaluated annually with more frequent evaluation of more severely criticized loans or leases. The credit quality indicators for non-PCI and PCI noncommercial loans are based on the delinquency status of the borrower. As the borrower becomes more delinquent, the likelihood of loss increases. The indicators represent the rating for loans or leases as of the date presented based on the most recent assessment performed. These credit quality indicators are defined as follows: 
    
  Pass     A pass rated asset is not adversely classified because it does not display any of the characteristics for adverse classification. 
    
  Special mention     A special mention asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, such potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not warrant adverse classification. 
    
  Substandard     A substandard asset is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets classified as substandard generally have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. These assets are characterized by the distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
    
  Doubtful     An asset classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in an asset classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values. 
    
  Loss     Assets classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that it is inappropriate to be carried as an asset. This classification is not necessarily equivalent to no potential for recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not appropriate to defer a full charge-off even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. 
    
  Ungraded     Ungraded loans represent loans that are not included in the individual credit grading process due to their relatively small balances or borrower type. The majority of ungraded loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   relate to business credit cards. Business credit card loans are subject to automatic charge-off when they become 120 days past due in the same manner as unsecured consumer lines of credit. The remaining balance is comprised of a small amount of commercial mortgage and other commercial real estate loans. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Non-PCI loans and leases outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   by credit quality indicator are provided below: 

20 

     Table of Contents  

PCI loans outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   by credit quality indicator are provided below: 

21 

     Table of Contents  

The aging of the outstanding non-PCI loans and leases, by class, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is provided in the table below. 
  The calculation of days past due begins on the day after payment is due and includes all days through which all required interest or principal has not been paid. Loans and leases 30 days or less past due are considered current as various grace periods allow borrowers to make payments within a stated period after the due date and still remain in compliance with the loan agreement. 

22 

     Table of Contents  

The recorded investment, by class, in loans and leases on nonaccrual status, and loans and leases greater than 90 days past due and still accruing at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   for non-PCI loans and leases, were as follows: 

Purchased credit-impaired loans (PCI) loans 
  The following table relates to PCI loans acquired in the NMSB and FCSB acquisitions and summarizes the contractually required payments, which include principal and interest, expected cash flows to be collected, and the fair value of PCI loans at the acquisition date.  

The recorded fair values of PCI loans acquired in the NMSB and FCSB acquisitions as of the acquisition date were as follows: 

The following table provides changes in the carrying value of all purchased credit-impaired loans during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

23 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying value of loans on the cost recovery method was   $545 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   and   $5.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The cost recovery method is applied to loans when the timing of future cash flows is not reasonably estimable due to borrower nonperformance or uncertainty in the ultimate disposition of the asset. The recorded investment of PCI loans on nonaccrual status was   $4.1 million   and   $7.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  For PCI loans, improved credit loss expectations generally result in the reclassification of nonaccretable difference to accretable yield. Changes in expected cash flows not related to credit improvements or deterioration do not affect the nonaccretable difference. 
    
  The following table documents changes to the amount of accretable yield for the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  .  

During the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , accretion income on PCI loans was   $17.2 million   and   $32.5 million  , respectively. 
  Purchased non-PCI loans and leases 
  The following table relates to purchased non-PCI loans and leases from the Cordia transaction and provides the contractually required payments, estimate of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected and fair value of acquired loans at the acquisition date. 

The recorded fair values of purchased non-PCI loans and leases acquired in the Cordia transaction as of the acquisition date are as follows: 

24 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE E - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES (ALLL) 
    
  The following tables present the activity in the ALLL for non-PCI loan and lease losses by loan class for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

25 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the allowance for non-PCI loan losses and the recorded investment in loans, by loan class, based on impairment method as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

26 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables show the activity in the allowance for PCI loan and lease losses by loan class for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  

27 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables show the ending balances of PCI loans and leases and related allowance by class of loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  ,   $325.9 million   and   $469.3 million  , respectively, in PCI loans experienced an adverse change in expected cash flows since the date of acquisition. The corresponding valuation reserve was   $11.6 million   and   $16.3 million  , respectively. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide information on non-PCI impaired loans and leases, exclusive of loans and leases evaluated collectively as a homogeneous group, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   including interest income recognized in the period during which the loans and leases were considered impaired. 

29 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables show the average non-PCI impaired loan balance and the interest income recognized by loan class for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
    
  BancShares accounts for certain loan modifications or restructurings as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs). In general, the modification or restructuring of a loan is considered a TDR if, for economic reasons or legal reasons related to a borrower's financial difficulties, a concession is granted to the borrower that creditors would not otherwise grant. Concessions may relate to the contractual interest rate, maturity date, payment structure or other actions. In accordance with GAAP, acquired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality,   are not initially considered to be TDRs, but can be classified as such if a modification is made subsequent to acquisition. Subsequent modifications of a PCI loan accounted for in a pool that would otherwise meet the definition of a TDR is not reported, or accounted for, as a TDR since pooled PCI loans are excluded from the scope of TDR accounting. 
    
  The following table provides a summary of total TDRs by accrual status. 

The majority of TDRs are included in the special mention, substandard or doubtful grading categories. When a restructured loan subsequently defaults, it is evaluated and downgraded if appropriate. The more severely graded the loan, the lower the estimated expected cash flows and the greater the allowance recorded. Further, TDRs over $500,000 and graded substandard or lower are evaluated individually for impairment through a review of collateral values or analysis of cash flows. 
  The following table shows the accrual status of non-PCI and PCI TDRs.   

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide the types of TDRs made during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , as well as a summary of loans that were modified as a TDR during the twelve month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   that subsequently defaulted during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . BancShares defines payment default as movement of the TDR to nonaccrual status, which is generally 90 days past due for TDRs, foreclosure or charge-off, whichever occurs first.  

32 

     Table of Contents  

33 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , the pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investments of loans modified as TDRs were not materially different. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE F - OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED (OREO) 
    
  The following table explains changes in other real estate owned during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

(1)    Transfers include OREO balances associated with expired or terminated loss share agreements. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , BancShares had   $14.8 million   and   $16.1 million  , respectively, of foreclosed residential real estate property in OREO. The recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property in the process of foreclosure was   $20.7 million   and   $15.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  NOTE G - FDIC LOSS SHARE RECEIVABLE AND PAYABLE 
    
  BancShares completed six FDIC-assisted transactions with loss share agreements during the period beginning in 2009 through 2011. Prior to its merger into BancShares, First Citizens Bancorporation, Inc. (Bancorporation) completed three FDIC-assisted transactions with loss share agreements: Georgian Bank (acquired in 2009); Williamsburg First National Bank (acquired in 2010); and Atlantic Bank   Trust (acquired in 2011).  
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate five of FCB's nine loss share agreements, including Temecula Valley Bank, Sun American Bank (SAB), Williamsburg First National Bank, Atlantic Bank   Trust, and Colorado Capital Bank (CCB). Under the terms of the agreement, FCB made a net payment of   $20.1 million   to the FDIC as consideration for early termination of the loss share agreements  .   Also, FCB wrote-off   $1.5 million   of the FDIC loss share receivable and released   $18.2 million   of the FDIC loss share payable associated with the terminated agreements. As a result, FCB recognized a   $3.4 million   loss on the termination of the loss share agreements. 
    
  The early termination agreement eliminated FCB's FDIC loss share payable for SAB and CCB. The remaining FDIC loss share payable balance at   September 30, 2016   was   $95.8 million  . In conjunction with the early termination, FCB adjusted the FDIC loss share payable under the two remaining loss share agreements with clawback provisions and released other related reserves. The clawback liabilities were adjusted in order to conform to the methodology used to determine the net termination payment. The adjustment to the clawback liabilities is accounted for by management as a change in estimate. The total one-time pre-tax benefit of these adjustments was   $20.0 million  . The resulting positive net impact to pre-tax earnings from the early termination of the FDIC loss share agreements was   $16.6 million   during the second quarter of 2016. See   Note L     for further information related to FCB's payable to the FDIC for loss share agreements. 
    
  The remaining receivable from the FDIC for the United Western Bank (UWB), First Regional Bank (FRB), Venture Bank (VB) and Georgian Bank (GB) loss share agreements is measured separately from the related covered assets and is recorded at fair value at the acquisition date using projected cash flows based on the expected reimbursements for losses and the applicable loss share percentages. Amortization reflects changes in the FDIC loss share receivable due to credit improvement. Cash payments to FDIC represent the net impact of loss share loan recoveries, charge-offs and related expenses as calculated and reported in FDIC loss share certificates. Post-acquisition adjustments represent the net change in loss claim estimates related to acquired loans and OREO  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

still subject to loss share reporting requirements. At the beginning of the second quarter of 2016, the loss share protection expired for non-single family residential loans acquired from UWB. As of   September 30, 2016  , loss share protection has expired or has been terminated for all non-single family residential loans. Loss share protection remains only for single family residential loans acquired from UWB, VB and GB in the amount of   $91.5 million  . 
    
  The following table provides changes in the receivable from the FDIC for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

NOTE H - MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS 
    
  Our portfolio of residential mortgage loans serviced for third parties was   $2.39 billion   and   $2.15 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  These loans were originated by BancShares and sold to third parties on a non-recourse basis with servicing rights retained.  These retained servicing rights are recorded as a servicing asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are initially recorded at fair value. 
    
  The activity of the servicing asset for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30  ,   2016   and   2015   is presented in the following table: 

The following table presents the activity in the servicing asset valuation allowance for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30  ,   2016   and   2015  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of BancShares' mortgage servicing rights was   $17.7 million  . Contractually specified mortgage servicing fees, late fees, and ancillary fees earned for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $1.5 million   and   $904 thousand  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30  ,   2016   and   2015  , contractually specified mortgage servicing fees, late fees, and ancillary fees earned were   $4.3 million   and   $3.6 million  , respectively, and are included in mortgage income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  The amortization expense related to mortgage servicing rights, included as a reduction of mortgage income in the Consolidated Statements of Income, was   $1.4 million   and   $695 thousand   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , amortization expense related to mortgage servicing rights was   $4.0 million   and   $2.7 million  , respectively. Mortgage income included an impairment reversal of   $360 thousand   and   $3 thousand   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30  ,   2016   and   2015  , mortgage income included an impairment of   $1.9 million   and an impairment reversal of   $850 thousand  , respectively. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Valuation of mortgage servicing rights is performed using a pooling methodology. Similar loans are pooled together and evaluated on a discounted earnings basis to determine the present value of future earnings. Key economic assumptions used to value mortgage servicing rights as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

NOTE I   - REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 
  BancShares utilizes securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs of customers and secure short-term funding needs. Repurchase agreements are transactions whereby BancShares offers to sell to a counterparty an undivided interest in an eligible security at an agreed upon purchase price, and which obligates BancShares to repurchase the security on an agreed upon date at an agreed upon repurchase price plus interest at an agreed upon rate. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are recorded at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction and are generally reflected as short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  BancShares monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and maintains records of each transaction specifically describing the applicable security and the counterparty s fractional interest in that security, and segregates the security from general assets in accordance with regulations governing custodial holdings of securities. The primary risk with repurchase agreements is market risk associated with the investments securing the transactions, as additional collateral may be required based on fair value changes of the underlying investments. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with safekeeping agents. The carrying value of available for sale investment securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was   $826.0 million   and   $722.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  The remaining contractual maturity of the securities sold under agreements to repurchase by class of collateral pledged included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is presented in the following tables.  

NOTE J - ESTIMATED FAIR VALUES 
    
  Fair value estimates are intended to represent the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. Where there is no active market for a financial instrument, BancShares has made estimates using discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques. Inputs to these valuation methods are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and require significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Accordingly, the derived fair value estimates presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts BancShares could realize in a current market exchange. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , indicates that assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value according to a fair value hierarchy comprised of three levels. The levels are based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. The level within the fair value hierarchy for an asset or liability is based on the highest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement (with level 1 considered highest and level 3 considered lowest). A brief description of each level follows: 
             
    Level 1 values are based on quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
                
    Level 2 values are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 
                
    Level 3 values are generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include the use of discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 
       
  Valuation adjustments, such as those pertaining to counterparty and BancShares' own credit quality and liquidity, may be necessary to ensure that assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value. Credit valuation adjustments are made when market pricing does not accurately reflect the counterparty's credit quality. As determined by BancShares management, liquidity valuation adjustments may be made to the fair value of certain assets to reflect the uncertainty in the pricing and trading of the instruments when recent market transactions for identical or similar instruments are not observed. 
    
  BancShares management reviews any changes to its valuation methodologies to ensure they are appropriate and justified, and refines valuation methodologies as more market-based data becomes available. Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the end of the reporting period. 
    
  The methodologies used to estimate the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are discussed below: 
  Investment securities available for sale  . U.S. Treasury, government agency, mortgage-backed securities, municipal securities, corporate bonds and trust preferred securities are generally measured at fair value using a third party pricing service or recent comparable market transactions in similar or identical securities and are classified as level 2 instruments. Equity securities are measured at fair value using observable closing prices and the valuation also considers the amount of market activity by examining the trade volume of each security. Equity securities are classified as Level 1 if they are traded on a heavily active market and as Level 2 if the observable closing price is from a less than active market. 
    
  Loans held for sale.   Certain residential real estate loans are originated to be sold to investors, which are carried at fair value as BancShares elected the fair value option on loans held for sale. The fair value is based on quoted market prices for similar types of loans. Accordingly, the inputs used to calculate fair value of residential real estate loans held for sale are classified as level 2 inputs.  
    
  Net loans and leases (PCI and Non-PCI).   Fair value is estimated based on discounted future cash flows using the current interest rates at which loans with similar terms would be made to borrowers of similar credit quality. An additional valuation adjustment is made for liquidity. The inputs used in the fair value measurements for loans and leases are considered level 3 inputs. 
    
  FHLB stock  . The carrying amount of FHLB stock is a reasonable estimate of fair value as these securities are not readily marketable and are evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value. BancShares considers positive and negative evidence, including the profitability and asset quality of the issuer, dividend payment history and recent redemption experience, when determining the ultimate recoverability of the par value. BancShares believes its investment in FHLB stock is ultimately recoverable at par. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for the FHLB stock are considered level 2 inputs. 
    
  Mortgage servicing rights.   Mortgage servicing rights are carried at the lower of amortized cost or market and are, therefore, carried at fair value only when fair value is less than the asset cost. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is performed using a pooling methodology. Similar loans are pooled together and a model that relies on discount rates, estimates of prepayment rates and the weighted average cost to service the loans is used to determine the fair value. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for mortgage servicing rights are considered level 3 inputs. 
    
  Deposits.   For non-time deposits, carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value. The fair value of time deposits is estimated by discounting future cash flows using the interest rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for deposits are considered level 2 inputs.     

38 

     Table of Contents  

Long-term obligations.   For fixed rate trust preferred securities, the fair values are determined based on recent trades of the actual security if available. For other long-term obligations, fair values are estimated by discounting future cash flows using current interest rates for similar financial instruments. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for long-term obligations are considered level 2 inputs. 
    
  Payable to the FDIC for loss share agreements.   The fair value of the payable to the FDIC for loss share agreements is determined by the projected cash flows based on expected payments to the FDIC in accordance with the loss share agreements. Cash flows are discounted using current discount rates to reflect the timing of the estimated amounts due to the FDIC. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for the payable to the FDIC are considered level 3 inputs.  
    
  Interest rate swap  . Under the terms of the previous cash flow hedge, BancShares paid a fixed payment to the counterparty in exchange for receipt of a variable payment that was determined based on the three-month LIBOR rate. The fair value of the cash flow hedge was, therefore, based on projected LIBOR rates for the duration of the hedge, values that, while observable in the market, were subject to adjustment due to pricing considerations for the specific instrument. The interest rate swap agreement expired in June 2016. The inputs used in the fair value measurement of the interest rate swap were considered level 2 inputs.  
    
  Off-balance-sheet commitments and contingencies.   Carrying amounts are reasonable estimates of the fair values for such financial instruments. Carrying amounts include unamortized fee income and, in some cases, reserves for any credit losses from those financial instruments. These amounts are not material to BancShares' financial position. 
    
  For all other financial assets and financial liabilities, the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of the fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The carrying value and fair value for these assets and liabilities are equivalent because they are relatively short term in nature and there is no interest rate or credit risk that would cause the fair value to differ from the carrying value. Cash and due from banks is classified on the fair value hierarchy as level 1.  Overnight investments, income earned not collected, short-term borrowings and accrued interest payable are considered level 2. Lastly, the receivable from the FDIC for loss share agreements is designated as level 3. 

(1)    The interest rate swap agreement expired in June 2016. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Among BancShares' assets and liabilities, investment securities available for sale, loans held for sale and interest rates swaps accounted for as cash flow hedges are reported at their fair values on a recurring basis. For assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis, the following table provides fair value information as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

  There were   no   transfers between levels during the   three   or   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Fair Value Option 
  BancShares has elected the fair value option for residential real estate loans held for sale. This election reduces certain timing differences in the Consolidated Statement of Income and better aligns with the management of the portfolio from a business perspective.  
  The following table summarizes the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance for residential real estate loans held for sale measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

No loans held for sale were 90 or more days past due or on nonaccrual status as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in fair value for residential real estate loans held for sale for which we elected the fair value option are included in the table below for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The changes in fair value in the table above are recorded as a component of mortgage income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Certain other assets are adjusted to their fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including impaired loans, OREO, goodwill, which are periodically tested for impairment, and mortgage servicing rights, which are carried at the lower of amortized cost or market. Non-impaired loans held for investment, deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term obligations are not reported at fair value. 
  Impaired loans are deemed to be at fair value if an associated allowance or current period charge-off has been recorded. The value of impaired loans is determined by either collateral valuations or discounted present value of the expected cash flow calculations. Collateral values are determined using appraisals or other third-party value estimates of the subject property with discounts generally between 10 and 14 percent applied for estimated holding and selling costs and other external factors that may impact the marketability of the property. Expected cash flows are determined using expected payment information at the individual loan level, discounted using the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate generally ranges between 2 and 16 percent. 
  OREO is measured and reported at fair value using asset valuations. Asset values are determined using appraisals or other third-party value estimates of the subject property with discounts generally between 10 and 14 percent applied for estimated holding and selling costs and other external factors that may impact the marketability of the property. Changes to the value of the assets between scheduled valuation dates are monitored through continued communication with brokers and monthly reviews by the asset manager assigned to each asset. If there are any significant changes in the market or the subject property, valuations are adjusted or new appraisals ordered to ensure the reported values reflect the most current information. OREO that has been acquired or written down in the current year is deemed to be at fair value and included in the table below. 
  Mortgage servicing rights are carried at the lower of cost or market and are, therefore, carried at fair value only when fair value is less than the amortized asset cost. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is performed using a pooling methodology. Similar loans are pooled together and a discounted cash flow model, which takes into consideration discount rates, prepayment rates, and the weighted average cost to service the loans, is used to determine the fair value. 
  For financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, the following table provides fair value information as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

No   financial liabilities were carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

41 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE K - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
  BancShares sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans for its qualifying employees (BancShares Plan) and legacy Bancorporation employees (Bancorporation Plan). Net periodic benefit cost is a component of employee benefits expense.  
  BancShares Plan 
  For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the components of net periodic benefit cost are as follows: 

Bancorporation Plan 
  For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the components of net periodic benefit cost are as follows: 

No contributions were made during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the BancShares or Bancorporation pension plans. BancShares does not expect to make any contributions to either of the defined benefit pension plans during   2016  .  
   
  NOTE L   - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  To meet the financing needs of its customers, BancShares and its subsidiaries have financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and recourse obligations on mortgage loans sold. These instruments involve elements of credit, interest rate or liquidity risk. 
    
  Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to customers. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of fees. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future liquidity requirements. Established credit standards control the credit risk exposure associated with these commitments. In some cases, BancShares requires that collateral be pledged to secure the commitment, including cash deposits, securities and other assets. At   September 30, 2016  , BancShares had unused commitments that were   $8.70 billion  , compared to   $7.95 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Total unfunded commitments relating to investments in affordable housing projects was   $52.8 million   and   $41.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are included in other liabilities on BancShares' Consolidated Balance Sheets. Affordable housing project investments were   $104.8 million   and   $85.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Standby letters of credit are commitments guaranteeing performance of a customer to a third party. Those commitments are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. To mitigate its risk, BancShares  follows its credit policies in the issuance of standby letters of credit. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , BancShares had standby letters of credit amounting to   $78.1 million   and   $77.9 million  , respectively. The credit risk related to the issuance of these letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to clients and, therefore, these letters of credit are collateralized when necessary. 
    
  Pursuant to standard representations and warranties relating to residential mortgage loan sales, contingent obligations exist for various events that may occur following the loan sale. If underwriting or documentation deficiencies are discovered at any point in the life of the loan or if the loan fails to perform per the terms of the loan purchase agreement, typically within   180 days   from the date of sale, the investor may require BancShares to repurchase the loan or to repay a portion of the sale proceeds. Other liabilities included reserves of   $3.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   for estimated losses arising from these standard representation and warranty provisions. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

BancShares recorded a receivable from the FDIC totaling   $3.1 million   and   $4.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, for the expected reimbursement of losses on assets covered under various loss share agreements. These loss share agreements impose certain obligations on us that, in the event of noncompliance, could result in the delay or disallowance of some or all of our rights under those agreements. Requests for reimbursement are subject to FDIC review and may be delayed or disallowed for noncompliance. The loss share agreements are subject to interpretation by both the FDIC and BancShares, and disagreements may arise regarding coverage of losses, expenses and contingencies. See Note G for additional information on the receivable from the FDIC regarding the early termination of five loss share agreements during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  The loss share agreements for two FDIC-assisted transactions include provisions related to payments that may be owed to the FDIC at the termination of the agreements (clawback liability)  .   The clawback liability represents a payment by BancShares to the FDIC if actual cumulative losses on acquired covered assets are lower than the cumulative losses originally estimated by the FDIC at the time of acquisition. The clawback liability is estimated by discounting estimated future payments and is recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a payable to the FDIC under the relevant loss share agreements. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the estimated clawback liability was   $95.8 million   and   $126.5 million  , respectively. See Note G for additional information on the clawback liability regarding the early termination of the five loss share agreements during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  BancShares entered into forward-starting advances with the FHLB of Atlanta in June 2016 to receive   $200.0 million   of fixed rate long-term funding. There are two advances of   $100.0 million   each scheduled to fund in June 2018 with maturity dates of June 2026 and 2028. 
    
  BancShares and various subsidiaries have been named as defendants in legal actions arising from their normal business activities in which damages in various amounts are claimed. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to such matters cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, any such liability will not have a material effect on BancShares  consolidated financial statements. 
   
  NOTE M - DERIVATIVES 
  BancShares had an interest rate swap entered into during 2011 that qualified as a cash flow hedge under GAAP.  BancShares' interest rate swap agreement expired in June 2016. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of the outstanding derivative was included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the net change in fair value is included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows under the caption net change in other liabilities. 
  The following table provides the notional amount of the interest rate swap and the fair value of the liability as of   December 31, 2015  . 

The interest rate swap was used for interest rate risk management purposes and converted variable-rate exposure on outstanding debt to a fixed rate.  
  BancShares  interest rate swap was fully effective since inception. Therefore, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap had no impact on net income. For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , BancShares recognized interest expense of   $829 thousand  , and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , BancShares recognized interest expense of   $1.5 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, resulting from incremental interest paid to the interest rate swap counterparty, none of which related to ineffectiveness. 

43 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE N - ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included the following as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

44 

     Table of Contents  

The following table highlights changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component for the   three   and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

1    All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the line item affected in the statement where net income is presented for the   three   and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 
                           (Dollars in thousands) 
      
    Three months ended September 30, 2016 
      Details about accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
      
    Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   1  
      
    Affected line item in the statement where net income is presented 
      Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities 
      
    $ 
    352 

Securities gains 

(191 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes  

$ 
    161 

Net income 
      Amortization of defined benefit pension items 

Prior service costs 
      
    $ 
    (54 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 
           Actuarial losses 
      
    (1,714 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

(1,768 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

642 

Income taxes 

$ 
    (1,126 
    ) 
      
    Net income 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    (965 
    ) 

Three months ended September 30, 2015 
      Details about accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  
      
    Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   1  
      
    Affected line item in the statement where net income is presented 
      Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities 
      
    $ 
    5,564 

Securities gains 

(2,094 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes  

$ 
    3,470 

Net income 
      Amortization of defined benefit pension items 

Prior service costs 
      
    $ 
    (53 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 
           Actuarial losses 
      
    (2,863 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

(2,916 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

1,078 

Income taxes 

$ 
    (1,838 
    ) 
      
    Net income 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    1,632 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 
      Details about accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
      
    Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   1  
      
    Affected line item in the statement where net income is presented 
      Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities 
      
    $ 
    17,509 

Securities gains 

(6,583 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 

$ 
    10,926 

Net income 
      Amortization of defined benefit pension items 

Prior service costs 
      
    $ 
    (158 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 
           Actuarial losses 
      
    (5,144 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

(5,302 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

1,993 

Income taxes 

$ 
    (3,309 
    ) 
      
    Net income 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    7,617 

Nine months ended September 30, 2015 
      Details about accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
      
    Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   1  
      
    Affected line item in the statement where net income is presented 
      Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities 
      
    $ 
    10,837 

Securities gains 

(4,145 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 

$ 
    6,692 

Net income 
      Amortization of defined benefit pension items 

Prior service costs 
      
    $ 
    (158 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 
           Actuarial losses 
      
    (8,531 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

(8,689 
    ) 
      
    Employee benefits 

3,324 

Income taxes 

$ 
    (5,365 
    ) 
      
    Net income 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    1,327 

1    Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to profit/loss. 
  
   46 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  Management s discussion and analysis (MD A) of earnings and related financial data are presented to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries (BancShares). This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes presented within this report along with our financial statements and related MD A of financial condition and results of operations included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Although certain amounts for prior years have been reclassified to conform to statement presentations for   2016  , the reclassifications had no material effect on shareholders  equity or net income as previously reported. Unless otherwise noted, the terms "we," "us" and "BancShares" refer to the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations for BancShares. 
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
  BancShares  earnings and cash flows are primarily derived from commercial and retail banking activities. We gather deposits from retail and commercial customers and also secure funding through various non-deposit sources. We invest the liquidity generated from these funding sources in interest-earning assets, including loans and leases, investment securities and overnight investments. We also invest in bank premises, hardware, software, furniture and equipment used to conduct our commercial and retail banking business. We provide treasury services products, cardholder and merchant services, wealth management services and various other products and services typically offered by commercial banks. 
  BancShares conducts its banking operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary First-Citizens Bank   Trust Company (FCB), a state-chartered bank organized under the laws of the state of North Carolina. 
  Management has embarked on several strategic initiatives to better position the company to counter challenges to generate earnings and shareholder value presented by the interest rate environment. The initiatives focus on core revenue growth through broader products and services, control of noninterest expenses, optimization of our branch network, and further enhancements to our technology. Additionally, we continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and mergers to expand our customer base and increase efficiency and productivity. Refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for further discussion of our strategy.  
  Significant Events in 2016 
  On September 1, 2016, First Citizens Bank completed the merger of Midlothian, Virginia-based Cordia Bancorp, Inc. (Cordia) and its subsidiary, Bank of Virginia (BVA) into FCB. Under the terms of the merger agreement, cash consideration of $5.15 was paid to Cordia s shareholders for each of their shares of Cordia s common stock, with total consideration paid of   $37.1 million  . The Cordia acquisition contributed   $241.4 million   in loans and leases,   $292.2 million   in deposit balances and   $10.8 million   of goodwill at the acquisition date. 
  On June 14, 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate five of FCB's nine loss share agreements with the FDIC, including Temecula Valley Bank (TVB), Sun American Bank (SAB), Williamsburg First National Bank (WFNB), Atlantic Bank   Trust (ABT), and Colorado Capital Bank (CCB). Under the terms of the agreement, FCB made a net payment of   $20.1 million   to the FDIC as consideration for early termination of the loss share agreements. The early termination resulted in a one-time expense of   $3.4 million   during the second quarter of 2016. In conjunction with the early termination, FCB adjusted its clawback liabilities under the two remaining loss share agreements with clawback provisions and released other related reserves. The clawback liabilities were adjusted in order to conform to the methodology used to determine the net termination payment. The total one-time pre-tax benefit of these adjustments was   $20.0 million  . The resulting positive net impact to pre-tax earnings from the early termination of the FDIC loss share agreements was   $16.6 million   during the second quarter of 2016. 
  On May 6, 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of First CornerStone Bank (FCSB) of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. As a result of the transaction, FCB recorded loans with a fair value of   $43.8 million   and investment securities with a fair value of   $4.6 million  . The fair value of deposits assumed was   $96.9 million  . In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, all assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date. As a result, FCB recorded a gain on the acquisition of   $2.1 million   which was recorded in the second quarter of 2016. In the third quarter of 2016, refinements were made to the initial fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $837 thousand   to the gain on acquisition recognized in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $3.0 million   recognized in noninterest income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  In March 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of North Milwaukee State Bank of Milwaukee, Wisconsin (NMSB). As a result of the NMSB transaction, FCB recorded loans with a fair value of   $36.9 million   and investment securities with a fair value of   $9.4 million  . The fair value of deposits assumed was   $59.2  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

million  . In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, all assets and liabilities were recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date. As a result, an acquisition gain of   $1.7 million   was recorded in the first quarter of   2016  . In the second quarter of 2016, refinements were made to the initial fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $1.2 million   to the gain on acquisition recognized in the three months ended June 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $2.9 million   recognized in noninterest income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  RECENT ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENTS 
  Various external factors influence the focus of our business efforts, and the results of our operations can change significantly based on those external factors.   Third quarter     2016   results indicate relatively solid labor conditions and global economic conditions have stabilized following the June 2016 United Kingdom referendum to leave the European Union. The national unemployment rate increased slightly to 5.0 percent as more people returned to the job market amid a record number of positions available. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the U.S. economy added approximately 575,000 new nonfarm payroll jobs during the   third quarter   of   2016  . The U.S. housing market remains solid as a result of strong housing demand fueled by low mortgage interest rates, economic growth and job creation. 
  The Federal Reserve s Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) indicated in the   third quarter   that the U.S. labor market continued to improve and growth of economic activity has increased from the modest pace during the first half of 2016. The FOMC decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate and will continue to assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2.0 percent inflation in determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range. The FOMC continues to closely monitor inflation indicators and global economic and financial developments. 
  The trends in the banking industry are similar to those of the broader economy as shown in the latest national banking results from the   second   quarter of   2016  . FDIC-insured institutions reported a 1.4 percent increase in net income compared to the   second   quarter of 2015 as a result of loan growth generating higher net interest income. Banking industry average net interest margin was 3.08 percent in the   second   quarter of   2016  , up slightly from 3.07 percent in the   second   quarter of 2015. The   second   quarter of   2016   was the third consecutive quarter that net charge-offs posted a year-over-year increase, following 21 quarters in a row when net charge-offs decreased.  
   
  EARNINGS PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 
  BancShares' consolidated net income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $51.4 million  , or   $4.28   per share, compared to   $69.3 million  , or   $5.77   per share, for the   second   quarter of   2016  , and   $56.0 million  , or   $4.66   per share, for the corresponding period of   2015  . BancShares  current quarter results generated an annualized return on average assets of   0.63 percent   and an annualized return on average equity of   6.69 percent  , compared to respective returns of   0.87 percent   and   9.33 percent   for the   second   quarter of   2016  , and   0.71 percent   and   7.86 percent   for the   third quarter   of   2015  . Net interest margin for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   3.10   percent, compared to   3.13   percent for the   second   quarter of   2016   and   3.29   percent for the   third   quarter of the prior year. 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net income was   $172.8 million  , or   $14.39   per share, compared to   $167.6 million  , or   $13.96   per share, reported for the same period of   2015  . Annualized returns on average assets and average equity were   0.72 percent   and   7.73 percent  , respectively, through   September 30, 2016  , compared to   0.73 percent   and   8.07 percent  , respectively, for the same period a year earlier. Year-to-date   2016   earnings included a pre-tax benefit of   $16.6 million   resulting from the early termination of FDIC loss share agreements during the second quarter of 2016 and pre-tax gains of   $5.8 million   recognized in connection with the NMSB and FCSB acquisitions. Year-to-date   2015   earnings included a pre-tax   $42.9 million   gain on the February 13, 2015 acquisition of Capitol City Bank   Trust (CCBT) of Atlanta, Georgia. Net interest margin for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   3.14   percent, compared to   3.26   percent for the same period of   2015  .  
  Key highlights in the   third   quarter of   2016   include: 
             
    FCB completed the merger of Cordia which contributed   $241.4 million   in loans and leases and   $292.2 million   in deposit balances at the acquisition date. 
                
    Loans grew by   $554.4 million   to   $21.30 billion   during the   third quarter   of   2016  , reflecting solid originated portfolio growth and the Cordia acquisition.  
                
    Deposits increased   $667.5 million  , or by   9.7 percent   on an annualized basis, from   June 30, 2016  , primarily due to organic growth in low-cost demand deposit accounts and the deposit balances acquired from Cordia. 
                
    Net interest income increased   $3.7 million  , or by   1.6 percent  , from the   second   quarter of   2016  . The increase was primarily due to higher loan interest income related to originated loan volume. 
                
    BancShares remained well-capitalized at   September 30, 2016   under Basel III capital requirements with a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of   12.50 percent  , common equity Tier 1 ratio of   12.50   percent, total risk-based capital ratio of   13.96 percent   and leverage capital ratio of   9.07 percent  . 
     
   48 

Table of Contents  

Table 1 
  Selected Quarterly Data 

(1)    Loans and leases include PCI loans, non-PCI loans, nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale.    

49 

     Table of Contents  

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
  Cordia Bancorp Inc. 
  In September 2016, FCB completed the merger of Cordia and its subsidiary, BVA into FCB. Under the terms of the agreement, cash consideration of   $5.15   was paid to Cordia s shareholders for each of their shares of Cordia s common stock. Total consideration paid was   $37.1 million  . The merger allowed FCB to strengthen its presence in the greater Richmond, Virginia area as Cordia operated six BVA branches in Richmond, Midlothian, Chesterfield, Colonial Heights and Chester, Virginia. 
    
  The Cordia transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 
    
  The following table provides the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 
    
  Table 2 
  Cordia Bancorp 

Merger-related expenses of   $3.6 million   and   $3.8 million   from the Cordia transaction were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loan-related interest income generated from Cordia was approximately   $1.0 million   since the acquisition date. 
    
  Due to the immaterial amount of loans resulting from the Cordia transaction that had evidence of credit quality deterioration, all loans are accounted for as non-purchased credit-impaired (non-PCI) loans under ASC 310-20. 
  First CornerStone Bank 
  In May 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of FCSB. The acquisition provided FCB the opportunity to grow capital and enhance earnings. This is an FDIC-assisted transaction; however, it has no loss share agreement. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, adjustments were made to the acquisition fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $837 thousand   to the gain on acquisition reflected in the three months ended September 30, 2016. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $3.0 million   which is included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  The FCSB transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement  
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 
    
  The following table provides the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 
    
  Table 3 
  First CornerStone Bank 

Merger-related expenses of   $130 thousand   and   $923 thousand   were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Loan-related interest income generated from FCSB was approximately   $573 thousand   for the   third quarter   of 2016 and   $897 thousand   since the acquisition date. 
  All loans resulting from the FCSB transaction were recognized upon acquisition date with a discount attributable, at least in part, to credit quality, and are therefore accounted for as PCI loans. 
    
  North Milwaukee State Bank 
  In March 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to purchase certain assets and assume certain liabilities of NMSB. The acquisition provided FCB the opportunity to grow capital and enhance earnings. This was an FDIC-assisted transaction; however, it has no loss share agreement. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, refinements were made to initial fair values primarily based upon updated collateral valuations resulting in an increase of   $1.2 million   to the gain on acquisition. These adjustments brought the total gain on the transaction to   $2.9 million   which is included in noninterest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
    
  The NMSB transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information regarding closing date fair values becomes available. 

51 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 
    
  Table 4 
  North Milwaukee State Bank 

Merger-related expenses of   $35 thousand   and   $511 thousand   were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loan-related interest income generated from NMSB was approximately   $699 thousand   for the   third quarter   of 2016 and   $1.5 million   since the acquisition date. 
  All loans resulting from the NMSB transaction were recognized upon acquisition date with a discount attributable, at least in part, to credit quality, and are therefore accounted for as PCI loans. 
  FDIC-Assisted Transactions 
  BancShares completed seven FDIC-assisted transactions during the period beginning in 2009 through 2015, and it acquired NMSB and FCSB in its eighth and ninth such transaction during 2016. These transactions provided significant contributions to our results of operations. Prior to its merger into BancShares, First Citizens Bancorporation, Inc. (Bancorporation) completed three FDIC-assisted transactions: Georgian Bank of Atlanta, Georgia (acquired in 2009); Williamsburg First National Bank of Williamsburg, South Carolina (acquired in 2010); and Atlantic Bank   Trust of Charleston, South Carolina (acquired in 2011). Nine of the twelve FDIC-assisted transactions (including the three completed by Bancorporation) included loss share agreements that, for their terms, protected us from a portion of the credit and asset quality risk we would otherwise incur. The CCBT, NMSB and FCSB transactions did not include loss share agreements. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, FCB entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate five of FCB's loss share agreements with the FDIC, including TVB, SAB, WFNB, ABT and CCB. All rights and obligations of FCB and the FDIC under the loss share agreements, including the clawback provisions and the settlement of outstanding loss share claims, have been resolved and terminated under the termination agreement. The termination of the FDIC loss share agreements had no impact on the yields of the loans that were previously covered under these agreements. FCB will recognize all future recoveries, losses and expenses related to the previously covered assets since the FDIC will no longer share in those amounts.  
  Under the terms of the agreement, FCB made a net payment of   $20.1 million   to the FDIC as consideration for early termination of the loss share agreements  .   Also, FCB wrote-off   $1.5 million   of the FDIC loss share receivable and $18.2 million of the FDIC loss share payable associated with the terminated agreements. As a result, FCB recognized a   $3.4 million   loss on the termination of the loss share agreements. In conjunction with the early termination, FCB adjusted its clawback liabilities under the two remaining loss share agreements with clawback provisions and released other related reserves. The clawback liabilities were adjusted in order to conform to the methodology used to determine the net termination payment. The adjustment to the clawback liabilities is accounted for by management as a change in estimate. The total one-time pre-tax benefit of these adjustments was   $20.0 million  . The resulting positive net impact to pre-tax earnings from the early termination of the FDIC loss share agreements was   $16.6 million   during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, loss share protection expired for non-single family residential loans acquired from United Western Bank (UWB). The loan balance for the expired agreements from UWB was   $104.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  . At  
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

June 30, 2016, loss share protection expired or was terminated for all non-single family residential loans and loss share protection remains only for single family residential loans within the United Western Bank, Venture Bank and Georgian Bank loss share transactions which were not terminated.  We will process all necessary filings in accordance with the agreements before expiration to collect the earned loss share receivables. Going forward, we will continue to manage these loans and loan relationships for which loss share has expired in accordance with our standard credit administration policies and procedures. For those acquired loans with loss share agreements remaining, generally, losses on single family residential loans are covered for ten years. All other loans are generally covered for five years. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $91.5 million   of total loans and leases remain covered under loss share agreements.  

53 

     Table of Contents  

Table 5    
  Consolidated Quarter-to-Date Average Taxable-Equivalent Balance Sheets 

Loans and leases include PCI loans, non-PCI loans, nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Yields related to loans, leases and securities exempt from both federal and state income taxes, federal income taxes only, or state income taxes only are stated on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming statutory federal income tax rates of 35.0 percent for each period and state income tax rates of 5.5 percent, 5.5 percent and 6.0 percent for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   June 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was   $1,297  ,   $1,307   and   $1,559   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   June 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

Table 6    
  Consolidated Year-to-Date Average Taxable-Equivalent Balance Sheets      

  Loans and leases include PCI loans, non-PCI loans, nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Yields related to loans, leases and securities exempt from both federal and state income taxes, federal income taxes only, or state income taxes only are stated on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming statutory federal income tax rates of 35.0 percent for each period and state income tax rates of 5.5 percent and 6.0 percent for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was   $4,071   and   $4,650   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

55 

     Table of Contents  

Table 7 
  Changes in Consolidated Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Income 

The rate/volume variance is allocated equally between the changes in volume and rate. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Net Interest Income and Margin 
  Third Quarter 2016    
  Net interest income increased   $3.7 million  , or by   1.6 percent  , to   $235.8 million   from the   second   quarter of   2016  . On a taxable-equivalent basis, net interest income increased   $3.7 million  , or by   1.6 percent  , from   $233.5 million   during the   second   quarter of   2016  . The increase was primarily due to higher non-PCI loan interest income of   $7.0 million   related to originated loan volume, a   $560 thousand   increase in interest income earned on overnight investments and a decrease in interest expense of   $535 thousand  . These favorable impacts were offset by a   $3.1 million   decrease in PCI loan interest income due to runoff in the portfolio and lower investment securities interest income of   $1.3 million   as proceeds from sales, maturities and paydowns during the year have not been redeployed into the securities portfolio pending market opportunities.  
  Net interest income was   $235.8 million  , a decrease of   $3.5 million  , or   1.5 percent  , from the   third quarter   of   2015  . On a taxable-equivalent basis, net interest income was   $237.1 million  , a decrease of   $3.8 million  , or   1.6 percent  , from the   third quarter   of   2015  . The decrease was primarily due to lower PCI loan income of   $15.2 million   as a result of PCI loan portfolio runoff, a   $625 thousand   decrease in investment securities interest income and a   $191 thousand   increase in interest expense. These declines in net interest income were offset by a   $9.9 million   increase in non-PCI loan interest income due to originated loan volume and a   $2.6 million   increase in interest income earned on excess cash held in overnight investments. The December 2015 federal funds rate increase of 25 basis points contributed to higher interest income earned on overnight investments in the current quarter. 
  The taxable-equivalent net interest margin was   3.10   percent for the   third quarter   of   2016  , a decrease of   3   basis points from the   second   quarter of   2016   and a decrease of   19   basis points from the same quarter in the prior year. The margin compression for both periods was primarily due to continued PCI loan portfolio runoff, offset by originated loan growth and lower rates on interest-bearing deposits.  
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

Average quarter-to-date interest earning assets increased by   $470.0 million   since the   second   quarter of   2016  , reflecting a   $369.4 million   increase in average outstanding loans, due to originated loan growth and loans acquired in the Cordia acquisitions and a   $434.5 million   increase in average overnight investments, partially offset by a   $333.9 million   reduction in average investment securities. Average quarter-to-date interest earning assets increased by   $1.35 billion   compared to the same quarter in the prior year. Growth in average interest-earning assets was primarily funded by growth in deposits. Within interest-earning assets, loans experienced the most significant increase, primarily due to originated loan growth of   $1.38 billion   and the NMSB, FCSB and Cordia acquisitions.  
  Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by   $22.5 million   compared to the   second   quarter of   2016  , due to a   $38.3 million   increase in average short-term borrowings and a   $25.0 million   increase in average long-term obligations, partially offset by a   $40.8 million   decrease in average interest-bearing deposits due to a shift to low-cost demand deposit accounts. The increase in short-term borrowings was due to higher average repurchase obligations and the increase in long-term obligations was due to the addition of $75.0 million Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances during the second quarter of   2016  . When compared to the same quarter in the prior year, average interest-bearing liabilities increased   $203.3 million   primarily due to the addition of $150.0 million FHLB advances in 2016 and $230.0 million FHLB advances in the third quarter of 2015. The rate on interest-bearing liabilities was unchanged at   0.22   percent as lower deposit funding costs in the   third quarter   of   2016   offset higher borrowing costs resulting from the additional FHLB advances.  
  Year-to-date   2016    
  Net interest income for the first   nine   months of   2016   was   $700.8 million  , an increase of   $6.6 million  , or   0.9 percent  , compared to the same period of   2015  . On a taxable-equivalent basis, net interest income was   $704.8 million  , an increase of   $6.0 million  , or   0.9 percent  , from the same period of   2015  . Loan interest income decreased   $7.0 million   from the same period of   2015   as a result of a   $32.1 million   decline in PCI loan interest income due to PCI loan runoff, offset by an increase in non-PCI loan interest income of   $25.1 million   due to originated loan growth. Net interest income benefited from a   $6.0 million   improvement in investment securities interest income, higher income earned on overnight investments and lower interest expense due to reduced interest-bearing deposit costs. Investment securities interest income improved as maturities were reinvested into higher yielding investments and sales proceeds were redeployed at levels above prior yields. Overnight investments benefited as a result of the December 2015 federal funds rate increase.  
  The taxable-equivalent net interest margin decreased   12   basis points to   3.14   percent in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to the same period of   2015  . The margin compression was due to PCI loan portfolio runoff, offset by continued originated loan growth and improvement in investment yields. The December 2015 federal funds rate increase of 25 basis points contributed to higher interest income earned on overnight investments.  
  Average year-to-date interest earning assets increased by   $1.33 billion   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period of   2015  , primarily due to a   $1.33 billion   increase in average outstanding loans due to originated loan growth and the impact of the NMSB, FCSB and Cordia acquisitions. Average year-to-date interest earning assets also increased due to higher average overnight investments of   $523.0 million  , partially offset by a   $523.7 million   decline in average investment securities as sales, maturities and paydowns exceeded purchases during the period.  
  Average year-to-date interest-bearing liabilities increased by   $86.8 million   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  , due to a   $309.3 million   increase in average long-term obligations, partially offset by a   $142.6 million   decline in average short-term borrowings and a   $79.9 million   decrease in average interest-bearing deposits. The increase in long-term obligations was primarily due to the addition of   $150.0 million   FHLB advances during   2016   to mitigate interest rate risk from long-term fixed rate loans, while the decline in short-term borrowings was due to maturities of subordinated debt of   $199.9 million   during the second quarter of 2015.  
   
  Noninterest Income 
  Noninterest income is an essential component of our total revenue and is critical to our ability to sustain adequate profitability levels. The primary sources of noninterest income have traditionally consisted of cardholder services income, merchant services income, service charges on deposit accounts and revenues derived from wealth management services. Recoveries on PCI loans that have been previously charged-off are additional sources of noninterest income. BancShares records the portion of recoveries not covered under loss share agreements as noninterest income rather than as an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses. Charge-offs on PCI loans are recorded against the discount recognized on the date of acquisition versus through the allowance for loan losses unless an allowance was established subsequent to acquisition date due to declining expected cash flow. 

57 

     Table of Contents  

Table 8    
  Noninterest Income 

In the   third quarter   of   2016  , noninterest income was   $117.8 million  , a decline of   $22.4 million   from the   second   quarter of   2016  . The change was attributable to the following drivers:  
             
    The   $16.6 million   impact of the early termination of the FDIC loss share agreements in the   second   quarter of   2016  .  
                
    Lower gains on sales of investment securities of   $12.2 million  . 
                
    The   $2.5 million   decrease on acquisition gains related to FCSB and NMSB. The   third quarter   of   2016   included an additional $837 thousand gain on the FCSB acquisition due to a refinement of initial fair values. 
                
    Gain of   $3.8 million   on sale of certain residential mortgage loans totaling   $64.3 million   in the current quarter.  
                
    Mortgage income increased   $2.2 million   due to increased production and lower impairment charges on mortgage servicing assets. 
                
    Merchant and cardholder services increased   $1.4 million   as a result of higher sales volume. 
     Noninterest income excluding acquisition gains was   $117.0 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to   $109.8 million   for the same period of   2015  . The increase was primarily driven by higher merchant and cardholder income of   $5.1 million   due to increased sales volume, the   $3.8 million   gain on the sale of certain residential mortgage loans during the current quarter, a   $2.3 million   increase in recoveries of PCI loans previously charged off, higher mortgage income of   $1.8 million  , and an increase in other service charges and fees of   $1.4 million  . These favorable impacts were offset by a   $5.2 million   reduction in securities gains and a   $2.3 million   decline in wealth management income as increased annuity sales were more than offset by a decline in trust income.  
  Noninterest income excluding acquisition gains was   $357.5 million   for first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $325.0 million   for the same period of   2015  . The increase was primarily driven by the   $16.6 million   impact from the early termination of the FDIC loss share agreements, higher merchant and cardholder income of   $13.2 million   due to increased sales volume, a   $6.7 million   increase in securities gains and an increase in other service charges and fees of   $4.3 million  . These increases were offset by a   $4.1 million   decline in recoveries of PCI loans previously charged off and a   $3.8 million   reduction in wealth management income primarily as a result of lower fees collected on trust accounts due to asset mix.  
  
   58 

Table of Contents  

Noninterest Expense    
  The primary components of noninterest expense are salaries and related employee benefits, occupancy costs, facilities and equipment expense and merchant processing expenses.  
  Table 9 
  Noninterest Expense 

Noninterest expense was   $267.2 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016  , an increase of   $8.9 million   from the   second   quarter of   2016  . The following items impacted various noninterest expense categories: 
             
    Personnel expenses increased   $4.8 million   as a result of higher health insurance expense and lower salary deferrals due primarily to the refinement of certain loan origination costs. 
                
    Foreclosure-related expenses increased   $3.1 million   primarily due to lower reimbursements on Small Business Administration (SBA) guaranteed loans. 
                
    Merger-related expenses increased   $2.4 million   primarily related to the Cordia acquisition.  
                
    Other expense decreased primarily as a result of certain litigation related costs of   $2.3 million   recognized in the   second   quarter of   2016  . 
     Noninterest expense for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $267.2 million   compared to   $260.2 million   for the same period of   2015  . The increase was primarily driven by increases in merchant and card processing expenses of   $2.7 million   related to higher sales volume, an increase in occupancy expense of   $2.6 million   due to a one-time depreciation adjustment related to a system conversion during the third quarter of   2015  , an increase in equipment expense of   $1.3 million  , higher consultant expense of   $1.0 million  , and a   $929 thousand   increase in foreclosure-related expenses. These increases were partially offset by a decline in personnel expenses of   $1.6 million   related to lower pension costs and increased deferrals of salary costs related to higher loan origination activity.  
  Noninterest expense for the first   nine   months of   2016   was   $777.2 million   compared to   $783.0 million   for the same period of   2015  . The decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in personnel expense of   $15.2 million   related to lower pension costs and higher deferrals of salary costs related to increased loan origination activity and a decline in merger expense of   $6.1 million  . These decreases were partially offset by an increase in merchant and card processing expenses of   $7.3 million   due to higher sales volume and an increase in other expense primarily as a result of higher fraud losses on credit and debit cards of $4.0 million and certain litigation costs of   $2.3 million   recognized in 2016. 

59 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes 
  Income tax expense was   $27.5 million  ,   $40.3 million   and   $32.9 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  ,   second   quarter of   2016   and   third quarter   of   2015  , representing effective tax rates of   34.9 percent  ,   36.7 percent   and   37.0 percent   during the respective periods. The decline in the effective tax rate in the   third quarter   of   2016   was primarily attributable to increased nontaxable income relative to taxable income. Income tax expense was   $97.2 million   and   $97.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, representing effective tax rates of   36.0 percent   and   36.9 percent   for the respective   nine   month periods. During the third quarter of 2016, BancShares adjusted its net deferred tax asset as a result of a reduction in the North Carolina corporate income tax rate that will become effective January 1, 2017. The lower state corporate income tax rate did not have a material impact on tax expense for the quarter. 
  We monitor and evaluate the potential impact of current events on the estimates used to establish income tax expenses and income tax liabilities. On a periodic basis, we evaluate our income tax positions based on current tax law, positions taken by various tax auditors within the jurisdictions where BancShares is required to file income tax returns, as well as potential or pending audits or assessments by tax auditors. 

INTEREST-EARNING ASSETS 
  Interest-earning assets include loans and leases, investment securities, and overnight investments, all of which reflect varying interest rates based on the risk level and repricing characteristics of the underlying asset. Riskier investments typically carry a higher interest rate but expose us to higher levels of market risk. 
    
  We have historically focused on maintaining high-asset quality, which results in a loan and lease portfolio subjected to strenuous underwriting and monitoring procedures. We avoid high-risk industry concentrations, but we do maintain a concentration of owner-occupied real estate loans to borrowers in medical and medical-related fields. Our focus on asset quality also influences the composition of our investment securities portfolio.  
    
  Interest-earning assets averaged   $30.45 billion   and   $28.89 billion   for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The   $1.56 billion   increase from   December 31, 2015   was due to a   $1.50 billion   increase in loans and leases primarily as a result of originated loan growth and the NMSB, FCSB and Cordia acquisitions, and a   $614.3 million   increase in overnight investments, offset by a   $559.2 million   decline in investment securities. 

Investment Securities    
    
  Investment securities were   $6.38 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $6.86 billion   and   $6.69 billion   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The   $476.5 million   and   $305.8 million   decrease in the portfolio from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, was attributable to reinvesting a portion of the proceeds from sales, maturities and paydowns into overnight investments pending reinvestment. The yield on overnight investments benefited from the December 2015 increase in the federal funds rate of 25 basis points.  
    
  Available for sale securities are reported at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are included as a component of other comprehensive income, net of deferred taxes. As of   September 30, 2016  , investment securities available for sale had a net pre-tax unrealized gain of   $48.6 million  , compared to a net pre-tax unrealized loss of   $24.5 million   as of   December 31, 2015   and a net pre-tax unrealized gain of   $26.9 million   as of   September 30, 2015  . After evaluating the securities with unrealized losses, management concluded that no other than temporary impairment existed as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Sales of investment securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in a net realized gain of $352 thousand compared to a net gain of $5.6 million for same period of 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we recognized $17.5 million in net realized gains on sales of investment securities compared to $10.8 million in net realized gains for the corresponding period of 2015. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , mortgage-backed securities represented   70.9 percent   of investment securities available for sale, compared to U.S. Treasury, government agency securities, equity securities, corporate bonds and other, which represented   24.3 percent  ,   2.7 percent  , 1.4 percent, 0.6 percent and 0.1 percent of the portfolio, respectively. Overnight investments are with the Federal Reserve Bank and other financial institutions. 
    
  Since   December 31, 2015  , cash flows from sales, maturities and paydowns of U.S. Treasury, government agency securities, and mortgage-backed securities have largely been reinvested into similar securities. Remaining proceeds from accumulated sales, maturities and paydowns that are included in overnight investments are expected to be deployed back into the securities portfolio  
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

in the near term, as market opportunities present themselves. The carrying value of equity securities and corporate bonds increased by   $84.1 million   and   $33.4 million  , respectively, while U.S. Treasury, government agency and mortgage-backed securities declined   $125.4 million  ,   $328.8 million   and   $139.8 million  , respectively, since   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The primary objective of the investment portfolio is to generate incremental income by deploying excess funds into securities that have minimal liquidity and credit risk and low to moderate interest rate risk.  Other objectives include acting as a stable source of liquidity, serving as a tool for asset and liability management and maintaining an interest rate risk profile compatible with BancShares' objectives. Additionally, purchases of equities have been made largely under a long term earnings optimization strategy. Changes in the total balance of our investment securities portfolio result from trends among loans and leases, deposits and short-term borrowings. Generally, when inflows arising from deposit and treasury services products exceed loan and lease demand, we invest excess funds into the securities portfolio or into overnight investments. Conversely, when loan demand exceeds growth in deposits and short-term borrowings, we allow any overnight investments to decline and use proceeds from maturing securities and prepayments to fund loan demand. 
    
  Table 10    
  Investment Securities    

Loans and Leases 
  Loans at   September 30, 2016  , were   $21.30 billion  , a net increase of   $1.06 billion   compared to   December 31, 2015  , representing growth of   7.0 percent   on an annualized basis. Growth was primarily driven by   $901.9 million   of organic growth in the non-PCI portfolio and the Cordia acquisition impact of   $237.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The PCI portfolio declined over this period by   $82.3 million  , reflecting continued loan run-off of   $152.8 million   offset by net loans acquired from NMSB and FCSB, which were   $31.8 million   and   $38.7 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Non-PCI loans increased by   $1.62 billion  , compared to   September 30, 2015  , reflecting originated loan growth and the Cordia acquisition impact. PCI loans decreased by   $175.9 million   from   September 30, 2015  , due to continued pay downs in the PCI loan portfolio, offset by the contributions from the NMSB and FCSB acquisitions with loan balances of   $31.8 million   and   $38.7 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  BancShares reports PCI and non-PCI loan portfolios separately and each portfolio is further divided into commercial and non-commercial. Additionally, loans are assigned to loan classes, which further disaggregate loans based upon common risk characteristics, such as commercial real estate, commercial and industrial or residential mortgage.   Table 11   provides the composition of PCI and non-PCI loans and leases.  
    
  PCI Loans 
  The PCI portfolio includes loans acquired in a transfer, including business combinations, where there is evidence of credit 
  deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required 
  principal and interest payments. All nonrevolving loans are evaluated at acquisition and where a discount is required at least in part due to credit quality, the loans are accounted for under the guidance in ASC Topic 310-30. PCI loans and leases are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition. 

61 

     Table of Contents  

PCI loans at   September 30, 2016   were   $868.2 million  , representing   4.1 percent   of total loans and leases, compared to   $950.5 million   and   $1.04 billion   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  PCI commercial loans were   $543.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $49.9 million   since   December 31, 2015   and a decrease of   $103.3 million   since   September 30, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , PCI noncommercial loans were   $324.5 million  , a decrease of   $32.4 million   and   $72.6 million   since   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The runoff in the PCI loan portfolio was offset by the contributions from the NMSB and FCSB acquisitions. 
    
  Non-PCI Loans and Leases 
  The non-PCI portfolio includes loans that management has the intent and ability to hold and are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of deferred loan fees, including unearned income and unamortized costs, fees, premiums and discounts. Non-PCI loans include originated commercial loans and leases, originated noncommercial loans, purchased non-impaired loans, purchased leases and certain purchased revolving credit. For purchased non-impaired loans to be included as non-PCI, it must be determined that the loans do not have a discount at least in part due to credit quality at the time of acquisition. Purchased non-impaired loans are initially recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. 
    
  Non-PCI loans at   September 30, 2016   were   $20.43 billion  , representing   95.9 percent   of total loans and leases, compared to   $19.29 billion   and   $18.81 billion   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  The non-PCI commercial loan portfolio is composed of Commercial Mortgage, Commercial and Industrial, Construction and Land Development, Lease Financing, Other Commercial Real Estate and Other Commercial loans. Non-PCI commercial loans were   $13.40 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $773.9 million   and   $1.18 billion  , compared to   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, resulting from originated loan growth and the impact of the Cordia acquisition. 
    
  The non-PCI noncommercial loan portfolio is composed of Residential Mortgage, Revolving Mortgage, Consumer and Construction and Land Development loans. Non-PCI noncommercial loans were   $7.02 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $365.4 million   and   $432.0 million   compared to   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  

62 

     Table of Contents  

Table 11 
  Loans and Leases    

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) 
    
  The ALLL was   $212.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  , representing increases of   $5.7 million   and   $6.5 million   since   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The ALLL as a percentage of total loans and leases was   1.00 percent   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.01 percent   and   1.03 percent   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The decline in the ALLL ratio from both periods was primarily due to lower reserves on PCI loans due to runoff in the portfolio. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the ALLL allocated to non-PCI loans and leases was   $200.3 million  , or   0.98 percent   of non-PCI loans and leases, compared to   $189.9 million  , or   0.99 percent  , at   December 31, 2015   and   $187.9 million  , or   1.00 percent  , at   September 30, 2015  . BancShares continues to experience improvement in credit quality indicators which have reduced the ALLL ratio since   September 30, 2015  .  In the commercial non-PCI loan portfolio, credit quality improvements included low net charge-off ratios and migration of loans with higher credit risk ratings to lower ratings. The noncommercial non-PCI loan portfolio also experienced lower delinquency trends. The ALLL for non-PCI loans and leases increased from both   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015   primarily due to loan growth. An additional ALLL of   $11.6 million   relates to PCI loans at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $16.3 million   and   $17.6 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The ALLL on the PCI loan portfolio declined from both periods due to the runoff of this portfolio. 
    
  The ALLL allocated to originated non-PCI loans and leases was   1.10 percent   of originated non-PCI loans and leases at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.14 percent   and   1.18 percent   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Originated non-PCI loans were   $18.10 billion  ,   $16.60 billion   and   $15.89 billion   at   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, and do not include purchased revolving, purchased non-PCI loans or PCI loans. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  

BancShares recognized   $7.5 million   net provision expense for loan and lease losses during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $4.6 million   in the   second   quarter of   2016  . The increase of   $2.9 million   was due to higher originated loan growth and lower impairment reversals on PCI loans, offset by changes in reserves on impaired non-PCI loans and leases. Compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , provision expense increased   $7.4 million     primarily due to a $4.1 million reversal of previously recorded specific reserves on impaired non-PCI loans in the prior year as a result of refined loss estimates and lower credit quality improvements in the current quarter. On an annualized basis, total net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans and leases for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   0.07 percent  , compared to   0.06 percent   in the   second   quarter of   2016   and   0.06 percent   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  
    
  Net provision expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $16.9 million  , compared to   $13.6 million   for the same period of   2015  . The increase in provision expense was primarily due to slowing of credit quality improvements in the non-PCI portfolio and changes in reserves on impaired non-PCI loans and leases, offset by higher impairment reversals on PCI loans in 2016. 
    
  Provision expense for non-PCI loan and leases was   $7.4 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $6.7 million   in the   second   quarter of   2016   and a net provision credit of   $2.7 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase in provision expense from both periods was due to originated loan growth. The net provision credit in the prior year primarily resulted from a $4.1 million reversal of previously recorded specific reserves on impaired non-PCI loans in the prior year due to refined loss estimates. Net charge-offs for non-PCI loans and leases were   $3.6 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $3.3 million   and   $2.3 million   during the   second   quarter of   2016   and   third   quarter of   2015  , respectively. On an annualized basis, non-PCI net charge-offs as a percentage of non-PCI average loans and leases during the   third   quarter of   2016   were   0.07 percent  , unchanged from the   second   quarter of   2016   and compared to   0.05 percent   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  PCI loan provision expense was   $77 thousand   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to a net provision credit of   $2.1 million   and provision expense of   $2.8 million   for the   second   quarter of   2016   and   third   quarter of   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Management considers the ALLL adequate to absorb estimated inherent losses that relate to loans and leases outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , although future adjustments may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions and other factors. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the ALLL. Such agencies may require adjustments to the ALLL based on information available to them at the time of their examination. 

64 

     Table of Contents  

Table 12    
  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   Components by Loan Class 

The net provision credit for commercial mortgage non-PCI loans and leases was   $2.2 million   and   $1.1 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to net provision credits of   $5.7 million   and   $11.2 million   for the same periods of   2015  . The net provision credit in 2016 was due to a provision release for one relationship upgraded to a lower risk rating. The net provision credit in 2015 was primarily the result of a provision release for individually evaluated loans due to improved credit trends. 
  The provision expense for commercial and industrial non-PCI loans and leases was   $3.0 million   and   $5.2 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a net provision credit of   $799 thousand   and provision expense of   $11.3 million   for the same periods of   2015  . The increase in provision expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to higher loan growth in the current quarter and a provision release in the prior quarter related to individually  
  
   65 

     Table of Contents  

evaluated loans. Year-to-date provision expense was the result of loan growth, with lower loan growth in the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the first   nine   months of 2015. 
  Other non-PCI loans and leases had provision expense of   $183 thousand   and a net provision credit of   $109 thousand   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to net provision credits of   $58 thousand   and   $2.1 million   for the same periods of   2015  . The higher net provision credit for year-to-date 2015 was due to a provision release related to an individually evaluated loan due to improved credit quality. 
  Revolving mortgage non-PCI loans and leases had provision expense of   $679 thousand   and   $3.3 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to provision expense of   $871 thousand   and   $440 thousand   for the same periods of   2015  . The increase in provision expense for year-to-date 2016 was due to higher originated loan growth and an increase in reserves on individually evaluated loans. 
  The provision expense for consumer non-PCI loans and leases was   $3.9 million   and   $8.2 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $450 thousand   and   $10.0 million   for the same periods of   2015  . The increase in provision expense in the current quarter was due to 2016 loan growth coupled with a 2015 provision release due to an adjustment in the loss rate of certain consumer loans in the prior quarter. 
  Table 13    
  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   Metrics and Ratios 

The ALLL as a percentage of total loans and leases at   September 30, 2016   was   1.00 percent  , compared to   1.01 percent   at   December 31, 2015   and   1.03 percent   at   September 30, 2015  .  
  The non-GAAP reconciliation in   Table 14   provides a calculation of the adjusted ALLL and the related adjusted ALLL as a percentage of total loans and leases for the periods presented. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor performance and believes this measure provides meaningful information as the remaining unamortized discounts provide coverage for losses similar to the ALLL. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of BancShares' results or financial condition as reported under GAAP. 
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  

Table 14    
  Adjusted   Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (Non-GAAP) 

The adjusted ALLL (non-GAAP), which includes the ALLL as well as remaining net acquisition fair value adjustments for acquired loans, declined to   1.76 percent   of total loans and leases at   September 30, 2016  , from   1.90 percent   and   2.04 percent   of total loans and leases at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The reduction in the adjusted ALLL resulted primarily from credit quality improvements and continued accretion of acquisition accounting fair value adjustments. 
   
  Nonperforming Assets 
  Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases and OREO resulting from both PCI and non-PCI loans. At   September 30, 2016  , BancShares  nonperforming assets were   $160.1 million  , a decline of   $8.8 million   from   December 31, 2015   primarily due to reductions in commercial nonaccrual loans and leases. Nonperforming assets increased   $2.3 million   from   September 30, 2015  , related to an increase in OREO balances primarily from the Cordia transaction, offset by a decline in nonaccrual loans and leases. 
  OREO balances increased   $3.4 million   since   December 31, 2015   and declined   $895 thousand   since   September 30, 2015  .     Nonaccrual PCI loans at   September 30, 2016   are down   $3.4 million   and   $1.2 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, due to resolutions of impaired loans. Nonaccrual non-PCI loans and leases at   September 30, 2016   declined   $8.8 million   and   $0.2 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, as a result of problem asset resolutions primarily in the commercial loan portfolio. 
  Of the   $160.1 million   in nonperforming assets at   September 30, 2016  ,   $686 thousand   related to loans and OREO covered by loss share agreements. Covered nonperforming assets continue to decline due to the expiration of FDIC loss share agreements, loan resolutions and the termination of five of FCB's nine loss share agreements with the FDIC during the second quarter of 2016. 
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

Table 15    
  Nonperforming Assets 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  Troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) are selectively made to provide relief to customers experiencing liquidity challenges or other circumstances that could affect their ability to meet their debt obligations. Typical modifications include short-term deferral of interest or modification of payment terms. Nonperforming TDRs are not accruing interest and are included as nonperforming assets within nonaccrual loans and leases. TDRs which are accruing at the time of restructure and continue to perform based on the restructured terms are considered performing. 
  Total PCI and non-PCI loans and leases classified as TDRs at   September 30, 2016   were   $149.4 million  , compared to   $144.8 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   $145.7 million   at   September 30, 2015  . Accruing TDRs were   $122.4 million  , increases of   $9.1 million   and   $3.1 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, due primarily to an increase in commercial and residential mortgage loan modifications. At   September 30, 2016  , nonaccruing TDRs were   $27.1 million  , a decrease of   $4.5 million   and an increase of   $600 thousand   from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The decrease in nonaccruing TDRs from   December 31, 2015   was primarily related to payoffs in the commercial loan portfolio.  
  
   68 

     Table of Contents  

Table 16    
  Troubled Debt Restructurings    

INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES 
  Interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term obligations. Interest-bearing liabilities were   $19.25 billion   and   $18.96 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The   $294.9 million   increase from   December 31, 2015   was primarily due to $150.0 million of new Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) borrowings in 2016, a $125.2 million increase in customer repurchase agreements, and an increase in interest-bearing deposits of   $23.3 million  . Interest-bearing liabilities increased   $237.0 million   from   September 30, 2015   primarily due to $150.0 million in additional FHLB borrowings and a   $131.7 million   increase in interest-bearing deposits, offset by a $29.8 million reduction in customer repurchase agreements. 
  Deposits 
  At   September 30, 2016  , total deposits were   $27.93 billion  , an increase of   $994.5 million  , or   3.7 percent  , when compared to   December 31, 2015   and an increase of   $1.21 billion  , or by   4.5 percent  , when compared to   September 30, 2015  . The increase from both periods was the result of organic growth in demand deposit, checking with interest and savings accounts and the contributions from the NMSB, FCSB and Cordia acquisitions, offset by runoff in time deposits and money market accounts.  
  Due to our focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position, core deposit retention remains a key business objective. We believe that traditional bank deposit products remain an attractive option for many customers, but as economic conditions improve, we recognize that our liquidity position could be adversely affected as bank deposits are withdrawn and invested elsewhere. Our ability to fund future loan growth is dependent on our success at retaining existing deposits and generating new deposits at a reasonable cost. 
  Short-Term Borrowings 
  At   September 30, 2016  , short-term borrowings were   $730.2 million   compared to   $594.7 million   and   $759.8 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The   $135.5 million   increase from   December 31, 2015   was due to higher activity in customer repurchase agreements and FHLB borrowings of $10.0 million with maturities less than one year being reclassified from long-term obligations. The   $29.5 million   decrease from   September 30, 2015   was due to a lower activity in customer repurchase agreements. 
  Long-Term Obligations 
  Long-term obligations were   $840.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , up   $136.1 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   $134.8 million   from   September 30, 2015  . The increase from both periods was primarily the result of incremental FHLB borrowings of $150.0 million during 2016 used to mitigate interest rate risk from long-term fixed rate loans. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , long-term obligations included   $132.5 million   in junior subordinated debentures representing obligations to FCB/NC Capital Trust III, FCB/SC Capital Trust II, and SCB Capital Trust I, special purpose entities and grantor trusts for   $128.5 million   of trust preferred securities. FCB/NC Capital Trust III, FCB/SC Capital Trust II, and SCB Capital Trust I's (the Trusts) trust preferred securities mature in 2036, 2034, and 2034, respectively, and may be redeemed at par in whole or in part at any time. BancShares has guaranteed all obligations of the Trusts.  

69 

     Table of Contents  

Shareholders' Equity and Capital Adequacy 
    
  BancShares and FCB are required to meet minimum capital requirements imposed by regulatory authorities. Failure to meet certain capital requirements may result in actions by regulatory agencies that could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), unrealized gains and losses on certain assets and liabilities, net of deferred taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)within shareholders' equity. These amounts are excluded from shareholders' equity in the calculation of our capital ratios. In the aggregate, these items represented a net reduction in shareholders' equity of   $14.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to a net reduction of   $64.4 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   $34.9 million   at   September 30, 2015  . The   $49.7 million   and   $20.1 million   changes in AOCI from   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, were primarily driven by an increase in unrealized gains on investment securities available for sale as a result of lower market interest rates.  
    
  Table 17 
  Analysis of Capital Adequacy 

Bank regulatory agencies approved regulatory capital guidelines (Basel III) aimed at strengthening existing capital requirements for banking organizations. The final rules set new minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of capital held by BancShares and included a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio. A new capital conservation buffer was also established and was phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625 percent above minimum risk-based capital requirements and will increase each subsequent year by an additional 0.625 percent until reaching its final level of 2.50 percent on January 1, 2019. BancShares and FCB had capital conservation buffers above minimum risk-based capital requirements of   5.96 percent   and   5.30 percent  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . The buffers exceed the 0.625 percent requirement and, therefore, result in no limit on distributions. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , BancShares continues to exceed minimum capital standards and FCB remains well-capitalized under the new rules. BancShares remained well-capitalized with a leverage capital ratio of   9.07 percent  , Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of   12.50 percent  , common equity Tier 1 ratio of   12.50   and total risk-based capital ratio of   13.96 percent   under Basel III guidelines at   September 30, 2016  . 
  BancShares had no trust preferred capital securities included in Tier 1 capital at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $32.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The decrease during 2016 was due to the implementation of Basel III. Effective January 1, 2015, 75 percent of our trust preferred capital securities were excluded from Tier 1 capital and the remaining 25 percent were phased out on January 1, 2016 under Basel III requirements. Trust preferred capital securities continue to be a component of total risk-based capital. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
  Risk is inherent in any business and, as is the case with other management functions, senior management has primary responsibility for day-to-day management of the risks we face.  The Board of Directors strive to ensure that risk management is part of the business culture and that policies and procedures for assessing, monitoring, and limiting risk are part of the daily decision-making process. The Board of Director s role in risk oversight is an integral part of our overall enterprise risk management framework.  The Board of Directors administers its risk oversight function primarily through the Board Risk Committee. 
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

The Board Risk Committee structure is designed to allow for information flow and escalation of risk related issues. Among the duties and responsibilities as may be assigned from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Board Risk Committee is directed to monitor and advise the board regarding risk exposures, including credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, legal, strategic and reputational risks; review, approve and monitor adherence to risk appetite and supporting risk tolerance levels; evaluate, monitor and oversee the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework; and review reports of examination by and communications from regulatory agencies, and the results of internal and third party testing, analyses and reviews, related to risks, risk management, and any other matters within the scope of the Board Risk Committee s oversight responsibilities, and monitor and review management s response to any noted issues. In addition, the Board Risk Committee may coordinate with the Audit Committee for the review of financial statements and related risks and other areas of joint responsibility.  
  The Dodd-Frank Act mandated that stress tests be developed and performed to ensure that financial institutions have sufficient capital to absorb losses and support operations during multiple economic and bank scenarios. Bank holding companies with total consolidated assets between $10 billion and $50 billion, including BancShares, will undergo annual company-run stress tests. As directed by the Federal Reserve, summaries of BancShares  results in the severely adverse stress tests are available to the public. In combination with other risk management and monitoring practices, the results of stress testing activities will be considered as part of our risk management program. 
    
  Credit risk management.   Credit risk is the risk of not collecting payments pursuant to the contractual terms of loans, leases and investment securities. Loans and leases, other than acquired loans, were underwritten in accordance with our credit policies and procedures and are subject to periodic ongoing reviews. Acquired loans were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date and are subject to periodic reviews to identify any further credit deterioration. Our independent credit review function conducts risk reviews and analyses of both acquired and originated loans to ensure compliance with credit policies and to monitor asset quality trends. The risk reviews include portfolio analysis by geographic location, industry, collateral type and product. We strive to identify potential problem loans as early as possible, to record charge-offs or write-downs as appropriate and to maintain an adequate ALLL that accounts for losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. 
    
  Interest rate risk management  . Interest rate risk (IRR) results principally from assets and liabilities maturing or repricing at different points in time, from assets and liabilities repricing at the same point in time but in different amounts and from short-term and long-term interest rates changing in different magnitudes.  
    
  We assess our short term IRR by forecasting net interest income over 24 months under various interest rate scenarios and comparing those results to forecast net interest income assuming stable rates. Rate shock scenarios represent an instantaneous and parallel shift in rates, up or down, from a base yield curve. Due to the current low level of interest rates and competitive pressures that constrain our ability to further reduce deposit interest rates, it is unlikely that the rates on most interest-bearing liabilities can decline materially from current levels. Our shock projections incorporate assumptions of likely customer migration of low rate deposit instruments to intermediate term fixed rate instruments, such as certificates of deposit, as rates rise. Various other IRR scenarios are modeled to supplement shock scenarios. This may include interest rate ramps, changes in the shape of the yield curve and changes in the relationships of FCB rates to market rates.  
    
  Table 18 
  Net Interest Income Sensitivity Simulation Analysis 
    
  This table provides the impact on net interest income over 24 months resulting from various instantaneous interest rate shock scenarios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The change in net interest income sensitivity metrics at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   was due to a shift in the earning asset mix with an increase in floating rate overnight investments and a reduction in fixed rate securities, and a decrease in intermediate and long-term treasury and swap rates which resulted in a change to the expected deposit mix. 
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

Table 19    
  Economic Value of Equity Modeling Analysis    
    
  Long-term interest rate risk exposure is measured using the economic value of equity (EVE) sensitivity analysis to study the impact of long-term cash flows on earnings and capital. EVE represents the difference between the sum of the present value of all asset cash flows and the sum of the present value of the liability cash flows. EVE sensitivity analysis involves discounting cash flows of balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios. Cash flows will vary by interest rate scenario, resulting in variations in EVE. The base-case measurement and its sensitivity to shifts in the yield curve allow management to measure longer-term repricing and option risk in the balance sheet. This table presents the EVE profile as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The improvement in the economic value of equity metrics at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   was primarily due to balance sheet changes including a decrease in fixed rate securities and an increase in demand deposits, and a decrease in intermediate and long-term treasury and swap rates which had a favorable impact on EVE risk related to deposits. 
    
  We do not typically utilize interest rate swaps, floors, collars or other derivative financial instruments to attempt to hedge our overall balance sheet rate sensitivity and interest rate risk.  
    
  Liquidity risk management.      Liquidity risk is the risk that an institution will be unable to generate or obtain sufficient cash or its equivalents on a cost-effective basis to meet commitments as they fall due. The most common sources of liquidity risk arise from mismatches in the timing and value of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet cash inflows and outflows. In general, on-balance sheet mismatches generate liquidity risk when the effective maturity of assets exceeds the effective maturity of liabilities. A commonly cited example of a balance sheet liquidity mismatch is when long-term loans (assets) are funded with short-term deposits (liabilities). Other forms of liquidity risk include market constraints on the ability to convert assets into cash at expected levels, an inability to access funding sources at sufficient levels at a reasonable cost, and changes in economic conditions or exposure to credit, market, operation, legal and reputation risks that can affect an institution s liquidity risk profile. 
    
  We utilize various limit-based measures to monitor, measure and control liquidity risk across three different types of liquidity: 
             
    Tactical liquidity measures the risk of a negative cash flow position whereby cash outflows exceed cash inflows over a short-term horizon out to nine weeks; 
                
    Structural liquidity measures the amount by which illiquid assets are supported by long-term funding; and 
                
    Contingent liquidity utilizes cash flow stress testing across three crisis scenarios to determine the adequacy of our liquidity. 
       
  We aim to maintain a diverse mix of liquidity sources to support the liquidity management function, while aiming to avoid funding concentrations by diversifying our external funding with respect to maturities, counterparties and nature. Our primary sources of liquidity are our retail deposit book due to the generally stable balances and low cost it offers, cash in excess of our reserve requirement at the Federal Reserve Bank and various other corresponding bank accounts and unencumbered securities, all of which were   $4.42 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.96 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Another source of available funds is advances from the FHLB of Atlanta. Outstanding FHLB advances were   $670.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and we had sufficient collateral pledged to secure   $5.29 billion   of additional borrowings. We also maintain Federal Funds lines and other borrowing facilities which had   $715.0 million   of available capacity at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  We entered into forward-starting advances with the FHLB of Atlanta in June 2016 to receive $200.0 million of fixed rate long-term funding. There are two advances of $100.0 million each scheduled to fund in June 2018 with maturity dates of June 2026 and 2028. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  There have been no significant changes in our Critical Accounting Policies as described in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  
   72 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Statements in this Report and exhibits relating to plans, strategies, economic performance and trends, projections of results of specific activities or investments, expectations or beliefs about future events or results and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
  Forward-looking information is inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors which include, but are not limited to, factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents filed by us from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  Forward-looking statements may be identified by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   expects,   plans,   intends,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   forecasts,   projects,   potential  or  continue,  or similar terms or the negative of these terms, or other statements concerning opinions or judgments of BancShares  management about future events. 
    
  Factors that could influence the accuracy of those forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the financial success or changing strategies of our customers, customer acceptance of our services, products and fee structure, the competitive nature of the financial services industry, our ability to compete effectively against other financial institutions in our banking markets, actions of government regulators, the level of market interest rates and our ability to manage our interest rate risk, changes in general economic conditions that affect our loan and lease portfolio, the abilities of our borrowers to repay their loans and leases, the values of real estate and other collateral, the impact of the FDIC-assisted transactions and other developments or changes in our business that we do not expect. 
  Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, BancShares undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     Market risk is the potential economic loss resulting from changes in market prices and interest rates. This risk can either result in diminished current fair values of financial instruments or reduced net interest income in future periods. As of   September 30, 2016  , BancShares  market risk profile has not changed significantly from   December 31, 2015  , as discussed in the Form 10-K. Changes in fair value that result from movement in market rates cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Therefore, the impact that future changes in market rates will have on the fair values of financial instruments is uncertain. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     BancShares' management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of BancShares' disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, in accordance with Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that BancShares' disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that it is able to record, process, summarize and report in a timely manner the information required to be disclosed in the reports it files under the Exchange Act. 
  No change in BancShares' internal control over financial reporting occurred during the   third quarter   of   2016   that had materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, BancShares' internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   73 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
    
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  BancShares and various subsidiaries have been named as defendants in various legal actions arising from our normal business activities in which damages in various amounts are claimed. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to those other matters cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, any such liability will not have a material effect on BancShares  consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Additional information relating to legal proceedings is set forth in   Note L   of BancShares' Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  BancShares is currently monitoring the October 2016 impact of Hurricane Matthew in our market areas. We are in the preliminary stage of assessing how this situation may impact our customers and the areas in which they operate. The impact of this hurricane could affect the company and our earnings but until more is known about the magnitude of the situation, it is premature to reasonably assess that impact. 
    
  The risks described below, as well as the risks described in our annual Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   should be carefully considered. The risks described may not be the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that are currently considered to not be material also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.   
  We may be adversely affected by risks associated with completed, pending or any potential future acquisitions. 
  We plan to continue to grow our business organically. However, we have pursued and expect to pursue additional acquisition opportunities that we believe support our business strategies and may enhance our profitability. We must generally satisfy a number of material conditions prior to consummating any acquisition, including, in many cases, federal and state regulatory approval. We may fail to complete strategic and competitively significant business opportunities as a result of our inability to obtain any required regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all.  
  Acquisitions of financial institutions involve operational risks and uncertainties, and acquired companies may have unknown or contingent liabilities, exposure to unexpected asset quality problems that require write downs or write-offs, difficulty retaining key employees and customers and other issues that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
  We may not be able to realize projected cost savings, synergies or other benefits associated with any such acquisition. Failure to efficiently integrate any acquired entities into our existing operations could increase our operating costs significantly and have material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or consummating any potential acquisitions. 
  The performance of equity securities and corporate bonds in the investment portfolio could be adversely impacted by the soundness and fluctuations in the market values of other financial institutions. 
  Our investment securities portfolio contains certain equity securities and corporate bonds of other financial institutions. As a result, a portion of our investment securities portfolio is subject to fluctuation due to changes in the financial stability and market value of other financial institutions. Such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     On October 27, 2015, the Board of Directors approved a stock trading plan that provides for the purchase of up to 200,000 shares of Registrant's Class A common stock. The shares may be purchased from time to time from November 1, 2015 through October 31, 2016. The board's action approving share purchases does not obligate BancShares to acquire any particular amount of shares and purchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Any shares of stock that are purchased will be canceled. On October 25, 2016, the Board adopted a resolution approving a new plan to purchase 200,000 of Registrant's Class A shares; the new plan will be effective November 1, 2016 and will expire on October 31, 2017. 

74 

     Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
                    31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 

31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

32.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 

32.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

75 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                       Date: 
    October 31, 2016 

FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
      
    /s/ CRAIG L. NIX 

Craig L. Nix 

Chief Financial Officer 

76 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fcnca_exhibit311x09302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Frank B. Holding, Jr., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Citizens BancShares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/ Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
      Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fcnca_exhibit312x09302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Craig L. Nix, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Citizens BancShares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/ Craig L. Nix 
      Craig L. Nix 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fcnca_exhibit321x09302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-Q filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the  Issuer ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
  October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/ Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
      Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fcnca_exhibit322x09302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-Q filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the  Issuer ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
  October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/ Craig L. Nix 
      Craig L. Nix 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fcnca-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fcnca-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fcnca-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fcnca-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fcnca-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fcnca-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

