<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1668523_0001668523-16-000006_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1879034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>49132</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>94710</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>648882</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>669811</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>352846</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001668523-16-000006.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115154154
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001668523-16-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161115
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wike Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668523
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMERCIAL PRINTING [2750]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-209903
		FILM NUMBER:		161999519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8, VIA ARNO
		CITY:			BOLOGNA
		STATE:			L6
		ZIP:			40139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3907341980011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8, VIA ARNO
		CITY:			BOLOGNA
		STATE:			L6
		ZIP:			40139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001668523-16-000006.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 wikecorp-10q_september.htm
 FORM 10-Q

wikecorp-10q_september.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q   

[X] Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

[   ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

  For the transition period from __________ to __________  

Commission file number 333-209903  

WIKE CORP.     

(Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)    

Nevada    

2750    

37-1769300     

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization   

Primary Standard Industrial  

     Classification Number   

IRS Employer  

     Identification Number    

Via Arno, 8, 40139 Bologna, Italy   

   Tel. 003-907-341980011   

   Email: wikecorp@gmail.com   

  (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes (X)       No ( )   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer ( )  

Large accelerated filer ( )  

Non-accelerated filer ( )   

Smaller reporting company (X)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

  Yes (X)       No ( )  

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date:   6  ,060,000 common shares   issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  

WIKE     CORP.   

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART I   

FINANCIAL INFORMATION:   

Item 1.   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

3   

Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016     (unaudited) and December   31, 2015 (audited)  

Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   

4  

5   

Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   

6   

Notes to the Unaudited Financial Statements   

7   

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

11   

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

17   

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures   

17   

PART II    

OTHER INFORMATION:    

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings   

17   

Item 1A   

Risk Factors   

18   

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

18   

Item 3.   

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

18   

Item 4.   

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders   

18   

Item 5.   

Other Information   

18   

Item 6.   

Exhibits   

18   

Signatures   

2    

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Financial Statements   

The accompanying interim financial statements of WIKE Corp. ( the Company ,  we ,  us  or  our ), have been prepared without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.   

The interim financial statements are condensed and should be read in conjunction with the company s latest annual financial statements.  

In the opinion of management, the financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal adjustments considered necessary to present fairly the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented.   

3       

WIKE CORP.   

   BALANCE SHEETS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015    

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

4    

WIKE CORP.   

    STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   

   NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

5    

WIKE CORP.   

    STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    

   NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

6    

WIKE CORP.   

    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS  

WIKE Corp. ( the Company ,  we ,  us  or  our ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 11, 2014. We are a development-stage company in a business   of   printing on ornamental ribbons  .    Our office is located at Via Lodovico Berti, 40131, Bologna, Italy   .    

NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN  

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.  However, the Company had limited revenues as of September 30, 2016.  The Company currently has a negative working capital, but has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty.  

NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation   Unaudited Financial Statements   

  The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q.  They do not include all information and footnotes required by United States generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  However, except as disclosed herein, there has been no material changes in the information disclosed in the notes to the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with those financial statements included in the Form S-1. In the opinion of Management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, have been made. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.  

Use of Estimates   

  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Cash     and Cash     E    q    ui    v    a    lents   

  T  h  e     C  o  m  p  a  ny     c  o  nsi  d  ers     all     h  i  gh  ly     li  qu  i  d     inves  t  m  e  n  ts     wit  h     t  h  e     ori  g  i  n  a  l     m  atu  ritie  s     o  f     thre  e     m  on  t  hs     or     les  s     to   be ca  s  h   e  q  u  i  v  a  le  n  t  s. The Company had $12,733 of cash as of September 30, 2016 and $146 of cash as of December 31, 2015.  

Inventories   

  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is principally determined using the first-in, first out (  FIFO  ) method. The Company had $2,599 in inventory as of   September 30, 2016 and   $1,120 as of   December 31, 2015.  

Depreciation, Amortization, and Capitalization    

  The Company records depreciation and amortization when appropriate using both straight-line and declining balance methods over the estimated useful life of the assets. We estimate that the useful life of   Industrial printing machine JMD/ADL 330B is five years.   Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Additions, major renewals and replacements that increase the property's useful life are capitalized. Property sold or retired, together with the related accumulated depreciation is removed from the   appropriated accounts and the resultant gain or loss is included in net income.   

7       

WIKE CORP.   

   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Intangible assets   

  Intangible Assets outlines the accounting requirements for intangible assets, which are non-monetary assets which are without physical substance and identifiable (either being separable or arising from contractual or other legal rights). Intangible assets meeting the relevant recognition criteria are initially measured at cost, subsequently measured at cost or using the revaluation model, and amortized on a systematic basis over their useful lives (one year for our website), based on pattern of benefits (straight-line is the default).  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

  AS topic 820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs in measuring fair value. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.  

These tiers include:  

Level 1:   

defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;    

Level 2:   

defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and    

Level 3:   

defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

The carrying value of cash and the Company s loan from shareholder approximates its fair value due to their short-term maturity.  

Income Taxes   

  Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws.  A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.  

Revenue Recognition   

  The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with ASC topic 605  Revenue Recognition .   The Company recognizes revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured.  

Stock-Based Compensation   

  Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718.  To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.  

Basic Income (Loss) Per Share   

  The Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance with FASB ASC 260  Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period.  Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of September 30, 2016 there were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding.    

Comprehensive Income   

  Comprehensive income is defined as all changes in stockholders' equity (deficit), exclusive of transactions with owners, such as capital investments. Comprehensive income includes net income or loss, changes in certain assets and liabilities that are reported directly in equity such as translation adjustments on investments in foreign subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. As of September 30, 2016 there were no differences between our comprehensive income and net income.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

  We have reviewed all the recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company other than those relating to Development Stage Entities as discussed above.  

8       

WIKE CORP.   

   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016      

NOTE 4   LOAN FROM DIRECTOR  

As of September 30, 2016 our sole director has loaned to the Company $2,359. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand.  

The balance due to the director was $2,359 as of September 30, 2016.  

NOTE 5   FIXED ASSETS  

NOTE 6   INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

NOTE 7   COMMON STOCK  

The Company has 75,000,000, $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized.  

On August 10, 2015, the Company issued 4,500,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of $4,500 at $0.001 per share.  

  On September 26, 2016, the Company issued 1,560,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $15,600 at $0.01 per share.  

There were 6,060,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  

9    

WIKE CORP.   

    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

NOTE 8   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Company has reentered the one year rental agreement with Mauricio Polito, starting on September 17, 2016 and ending September 17, 2017. Monthly payment is in amount of $200. The validity of this agreement can be expanded for longer period upon an oral agreement. This is 30 square meters located at Via Lodovico Berti, 40131, Bologna, Italy   ,    which       tenant shall use and occupy only as a manufacturer subject.   

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES  

The Company adopted the provisions of uncertain tax positions as addressed in ASC 740-10-65-1. As a result of the implementation of ASC 740-10-65-1, the Company recognized no increase in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits.  

The Company has no tax position as of September 30, 2016 for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. The Company does not recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. No such interest or penalties were recognized during the period presented. The Company had no accruals for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2016. The Company s utilization of any net operating loss carry forward may be unlikely as a result of its intended activities.  

The valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,232 (at year ended December 31, 2015 was approximately $373). The net change in valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016 was $859 (and $373 during the year ended December 31, 2015). In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016.  All tax years since inception remains open for examination by taxing authorities.  

The Company has a net operating loss for tax purposes totaling approximately $3,623 as of September 30, 2016 (and $1,098 at year ended December 31, 2015), expiring through 2035. There is a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than a 50% change in ownership). Temporary differences, which give rise to a net deferred tax asset, are as follows:  

10    

WIKE CORP.   

    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)  

The actual tax benefit at the expected rate of 34% differs from the expected tax benefit as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as follows:  

ITEM 2.    

MANAGEMENT  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      

Forward looking statement notice    

Statements made in this Form 10-Q that are not historical or current facts are "forward-looking statements" made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "approximate" or "continue," or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.  

Financial information contained in this quarterly report and in our unaudited interim financial statements is stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.   

General   

Wike Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 11, 2014 and established a fiscal year end of December 31. We have generated limited revenues, have minimal assets and have incurred losses since inception. We are a development-stage company formed to commence operations in ornamental ribbons production, such as printing on ribbons. We have recently started our operation.  

We do not have any plans, proposals or arrangements, written or otherwise, to seek a business combination with another entity in the event we are not successful with our planned operations. Our principal executive offices are located at Via Arno, 8, 40139 Bologna, Italy. Our phone number is 003-907-341980011.  

Product   

Our product can be represented by range of goods using printing machine that we have purchased. Products include, but not limited to: ribbons, notebooks, plastic items and other printed goods of that kind, but we specialize only on ribbons printing until our business will be well established and successful.  Maximum printing heights is 350 mm, which widens the range of products we can print images on images, gifts packing, personalized greeting cards and ribbons.  

11    

We plan to enter the market with ornamental ribbons assortment. We plan to produce ornamental ribbons with different size and color for gift making industry and gift-wrapping, weddings, anniversaries also for other related products and events requested by the customer. In this prospectus you can find the additional information attached about our future products, which will be offered to the potential customer. Wike Corp. specializes in printing on personalized ribbons, oriented on the potential customers. With ornamental ribbons you can complete decoration with the ability of printing a personalized message or corporate logos on to the ribbons, making it the perfect finishing touch. Personalized ribbon is a wonderful addition to any gift, or an ideal way to wrap oversized and difficult to wrap items, great for Christmas, birthdays, Valentine s Day, Mother s Day and much more. Whatever the occasion, whatever the gift, beautiful presentation can be present from the simplest offering into a special treasure with our printed ribbons.    

Industrial printing machine   

We have purchased fully automated industrial printing machine for printing on most surfaces, especially on ribbons. The printing machine does not require high technical skills for product manufacture. The set of printing machine includes the machine itself and all raw materials necessary for setting up and testing. The cost of one machine is $4,000, which includes prime cost, delivery cost, customs clearance and insurance.  

Industrial printing machine is not large, user-friendly, and simple in maintenance and does not require special service. We have already purchased one printing machine JMD/ADL 330B, with technical characteristics:  

Model Number:              JMD/ADL 330B  

  Power:                             700W (voltage: AC110V-240V)  

  Weight:                             75 kg  

  Dimensions:                    114*65*55 cm  

  Production capacity:       80 meters per hour  

Raw Materials    

In our production we will use quality raw materials and we will be able to provide the premium quality of the offered product. We will supply our raw materials from the same vendor as printing machine. Our supplier is offering range of raw materials such as wax/resin ribbon for thermal printing and the same supplier will provide us with ribbons from 7mm to 100mm wide, in a huge variety of colors with different quality. The price will be depended on the quality of ribbons and on complexity of printing.   

Target market   

Our product is unique enough to get any market segments interested. We can determine two different directions our product can cover - corporate and private. By corporate we mean large and small companies, which always care much about image and update company information, highlight upcoming promotional events using printed products, such as any kind of event companies which could use our products for their direct activities, competitions etc. By private we mean any private events, where memorable gifts can be suitable. Weddings, birthdays, and anniversaries   any cases of any scale can become even more memorable with printed ribbons on a present for example. Wike Corp. is able to offer any type of client the printed ribbons that can meet their special requirements. We will look for the potential customer through Internet by calling and writing emails with offering our products. We will primarily offer them in the market for service, since this segment of market is the most appropriate for us.  

12    

Industry analysis   

In any city we plan to expand our operations to there are multiple event agencies and other enterprises and flowers and decoration kiosks that may be interested in cooperation with our company. We offer quality and inexpensive product, which can satisfy any client requirements. Besides such kind of distribution network we plan to sign agreements with creative agencies that can develop unique designs for their clients and offer our services as their subcontractor for quality printing on ribbons. We also plan to have a special section on our website for potential partners with examples of our products and offers for wholesale clients and partners.  

Markets   

Essentially, consumer market of Wike Corp. includes any person or any company willing to emphasize their personality or highlight an upcoming event. Our products such as printed ribbons can be a part of any event, to specialize the celebration or any occasion. We have multifunction printing machine with it we can print any symbols and logos on the ribbons which increase quantity of our customers in the foreseeable future. Our raw materials for printing also include range of sizes and colors so even the choosiest customer could find the suitable product. As for geography related markets, we start our operations from Bologna, Italy. Afterwards, we might expand our business to other cities in Italy, such as Modena and San Marino.  

Marketing   

Our marketing campaign consists of several directions. First of all we will start out from straight marketing, such as offering our product at the fairs and exhibitions, handing out booklets with description of our product, which will be a great demonstration of high-quality and affordability of our product. Launch of our e-commerce ready website, banners on popular websites and advertisements in social networks will be the second step of our campaign. Besides aforesaid we will send our commercial quotations to event, creative, PR and advertising agencies, which can raise customer awareness and attract new partners. The interest offered will be up to 30% discount. We are ready to offer a reasonable discount for large orders.  

We believe that our marketing campaign shall attract many clients and develop a strong reputation of quality, diligent and inexpensive producer. Hopefully, our clients will readily recommend us to others.  

Storage and delivery   

The product produced by Wike Corp. does not require any storage facilities, as it will be produced directly for each order. The number of demonstration samples to be kept is insignificant and does not require any special premises for storage. We are going to sign a contract with delivering companies such as FedEx Italy, DHL Italy, Pelican Express Courier Italy on regular basis in the event of finding regular customers. Our machines will be located at our leased premise Via Lodovico Berti, 40131, Bologna, Italy and produced ribbons will be shipped to other Italian cities from there, in case if our business grow.   

Sales and Marketing    

We plan to contact event companies who can order our products of ornamental ribbons. As well as we will cooperate with the flower-shops and companies for the production of decorations to supply to them our products. As of today, we have two sales contracts with Dragonfly Ltd. and Serena Dolce - Weddings   Events. Our competitive advantage is that we offer a high quality product, while maintaining reasonable prices.  

Initially, our sole officer and director, Corina Safaler will market our products. If we sell at least 75% shares in this offering, we intend to hire one salesperson for a half working with good knowledge and connections in the production of ornamental ribbons and printing distribution area to introduce our product also in the event of all shares are sold from this offering we are going to hire assistant, with terms of work half a day, for our sole officer and director Corina Safaler for operating of two printing machine in addition to sales person. The salesperson s job would be to find new potential purchasers, and to set up agreements with them to buy our products. We intend to focus on direct marketing efforts whereby our representative will directly contact:  

* Distributors who are responsible for marketing and selling our production of ornamental ribbons;  

  * Flowers companies;  

  * Event companies;   

  * Related to the printing industry enterprises.  

13       

Competition   

The level of competition in business of printed ribbons production is high. Many of our established competitors have developed a brand following which would make our potential customers prefer their products to ours. Aggressive lower pricing tactics implemented by our competitors would make it difficult for us to enter the market. Economies of scale would make it easier for our larger established competitors to negotiate price discounts with their suppliers of products for production of ornamental ribbons, which would leave us at a disadvantage. The principal competitive factors in our industry are pricing and quality of goods. We will be in a market where we compete with many domestic and international companies offering similar products. We will be in direct competition with them. Many large companies will be able to provide more favorable services to the potential customers. Many of these companies may have a greater, more established customer base than us. We will likely lose business to such companies. Also, many of these companies will be able to afford to offer better price for similar product than us that may also cause us to lose business. We foresee to continue to face challenges from new market entrants. We may be unable to continue to compete effectively with these existing or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  

Insurance   

We     do     not     maintain     any     insurance     and     do     not     intend     to     maintain     insurance     in     the     future.     Because     we     do     not     have     any     insurance,     if     we     are     made     a     party     of     a     products     liability     action,     we     may     not     have     sufficient     funds     to     defend     the     litigation.     If     that     occurs     a     judgment     could     be     rendered     against     us     that     could     cause     us     to     cease operations.  

Employees   

We     are     a     development     stage     company     and     currently     have     no     employees,     other     than     our     sole     officer and director,     Corina Safaler. Our business office is located at Via Arno, 8, 40139 Bologna, Italy.   

Offices   

The phone number is 003907341980011. We have entered into a lease with Mauricio Polito. The office space is 30 square meters and located at Via Lodovico Berti, 40131, Bologna, Italy.   

Government         Regulation   

We     will     be     required     to     comply     with     all     regulations,     rules     and     directives     of     governmental     authorities     and     agencies     applicable     to     export     and     import     of     products for production of ornamental ribbons and     operation     of     any     facility     in     any     jurisdiction     which     we     would conduct     activities.     We     do     not     believe     that     regulation     will     have     a     material     impact     on     the     way     we     conduct     our     business.     We     do     not     need     to     receive     any     government     approvals     necessary     to     conduct     our     business;     however     we     will     have to comply with all applicable export     and import regulations.  

Results of operations   

The following comparative analysis on results of operations was based primarily on the comparative financial statements, footnotes and related information for the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report.  

Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015     

Revenues    

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 we have generated $2,100 of revenues and no revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we have generated $13,900 of revenues and no revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Operating Expenses    

14       

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we have incurred $2,906 and $203 of operating expenses accordingly.  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we have incurred $14,390     of operating expenses and $271 of operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Liquidity and capital resources            

We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation.  

We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities  

As at   September 30, 2016  , our total assets were $18,836. Total assets were comprised of $16,532 in current assets, $2,304 in fixed assets.  

As at   September 30, 2016  , our current liabilities were $2,359 and Stockholders  equity was $16,477.   

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  

We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   net cash flows used in operating activities was $4,972.  

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIE   S    

For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   we did not have any cash flows used in investing activities.  

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   

For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   net cash flows used in financing activities was $17,559.   

Management s discussion and analysis   

You     should     read     the     following     discussion     and     analysis     of     our     financial     condition     and     results     of     operations     together     with     our     consolidated     financial     statements     and     the     related     notes     and     other     financial     information     included elsewhere     in     this     prospectus.     Some     of     the     information     contained     in     this     discussion     and     analysis     or     set     forth elsewhere     in     this     prospectus,     including     information     with     respect     to     our     plans     and     strategy     for     our     business     and related     financing,     includes     forward-looking     statements     that     involve     risks     and     uncertainties.     You     should     review     the      Risk     Factors      section     of     this     prospectus     for     a     discussion     of     important     factors     that     could     cause     actual     results to     differ     materially     from     the     results     described     in     or     implied     by     the     forward-looking     statements     contained     in     the     following     discussion and analysis.  

We     qualify     as     an      emerging     growth     company      under     the     JOBS     Act.     As     a     result,     we     are     permitted     to,     and     intend     to,     rely     on     exemptions     from     certain     disclosure     requirements.     For     so     long     as     we     are     an     emerging     growth     company,     we     will not be required to:  

Have     an auditor report on our internal controls over financial     reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the     Sarbanes-Oxley Act;  

                               Provide     an auditor attestation with respect to   management s   report on     the   effectiveness   of our internal controls     over     financial reporting;  

                               Comply     with any requirement that may be adopted by the     Public Company Accounting Oversight Board     regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement     to the   auditor s   report providing     additional     information about the audit and the     financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);  

15       

Submit     certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory     votes, such as  say-on-pay  and    say-on-frequency;    and  

                                                     Disclose     certain executive compensation related items     such as the correlation between     executive compensation     and performance and comparisons of the   CEO s     compensation to median employee     compensation.  

  In     addition,     Section     107     of     the     JOBS     Act     also     provides     that     an     emerging     growth     company     can     take     advantage     of     the     extended     transition     period     provided     in     Section     7(a)(2)(B)     of     the     Securities     Act     for     complying     with     new     or revised     accounting     standards.     In     other     words,     an     emerging     growth     company     can     delay     the     adoption     of     certain     accounting     standards     until     those     standards     would     otherwise     apply     to     private     companies.     We     have     elected     to     take     advantage     of     the     benefits     of     this     extended     transition     period.     Our     financial     statements     may     therefore     not     be comparable     to those of companies that comply with such new or     revised accounting standards.  

We     will     remain     an      emerging     growth     company      for     up     to     five     years,     or     until     the     earliest     of     (i)     the     last     day     of     the     first     fiscal     year     in     which     our     total     annual     gross     revenues     exceed     $1     billion,     (ii)     the     date     that     we     become     a      large     accelerated     filer      as     defined     in     Rule     12b-2     under     the     Securities     Exchange     Act     of     1934,     which     would     occur     if     the market     value     of     our     ordinary     shares     that     is     held     by     non-affiliates     exceeds     $700     million     as     of     the     last     business     day     of     our     most     recently     completed     second     fiscal     quarter     or     (iii)     the     date     on     which     we     have     issued     more     than     $1 billion     in     non-convertible     debt     during     the     preceding     three     year     period.     Even     if     we     no     longer     qualify     for     the exemptions     for     an     emerging     growth     company,     we     may     still     be,     in     certain     circumstances,     subject     to     scaled     disclosure     requirements     as     a     smaller     reporting     company.     For     example,     smaller     reporting     companies,     like     emerging     growth     companies,     are     not     required     to     provide     a     compensation     discussion     and     analysis     under     Item     402(b)     of Regulation S-K or auditor attestation of internal     controls over financial reporting.  

Our independent registered public accountant has issued a going concern opinion on January 25, 2016 for December 31, 2015 financial Statements. This means that there is a doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have generated only limited revenues to date.   

To meet our needs for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering and from selling our printed ribbons. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this offering or through selling our products to continue our proposed operations but we cannot guarantee that once we continue operations we will stay in business after doing so. If we are unable to successfully find customers we may quickly use up the proceeds from this offering and will need to find alternative sources. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this offering. We have signed sales contract, and we believe that we might get a production order for this customer in the nearest time.  

If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Even if we raise $50,000 from this offering, it will last one year, but we may need more funds for business operations in the next year, and we will have to revert to obtaining additional money.  

Plan of operation    

We intend to commence operations in the business of ornamental ribbons production. Our business is printing items on different kind of ribbons, such as printing logos, wishes, names and others. We have generated limited revenues and our principal business activities to date consists created a business plan, developed models of our business card and booklet and set up our web site, and we have purchased our printing machine and raw materials.  

Our     current cash balance will not be   sufficient   to fund our operations for the next     twelve months, if we are unable to     successfully     raise     money     in     this     offering.     However,     if     we     sell     half     of     the     securities     offered     for     sale     by     the     Company     and     raise     the     gross     proceeds     of     $25,000     will     satisfy     cash     requirements     for     twelve     months     and     we     will     not be     required     to     raise     additional     funds     to     meet     operating     expenses,     but     our     growth     plan of operations     will     be     limited.     If     we sell     more     than     half     of     the     shares     in     this     offering,     we     provide     funds     for     in accordance to our plan of estimated expanses  .     If     we     need     more     money     we     will     have     to     revert     to     obtaining     additional     financing     by     way     of     a     private     debt     or     equity     financing.     We     may     also     utilize     funds     from     Ms.     Safaler,     our     Sole     Officer     and     Director,     who     has     informally     agreed     to     advance     funds     to     allow     us     to     pay     for     offering     costs,     filing     fees,     professional     fees,     including     fees     payable     in     connection     with     the     filing     of     this     registration     statement and     operation     expenses.     There     is     no     a     maximum     amount     of     funds     that     our     President     has     agreed     to     advance.     Ms. Safaler,     however,     has     no     formal     commitment,     arrangement     or     legal     obligation     to     advance     or     loan     funds     to     the     Company.  

16       

We have generated limited revenues in the amount of $13,900 to date.   

We will not be conducting any product research or development. Further we do not expect significant changes in the number of employees. Upon completion of our public offering, our specific goal is selling ornamental ribbons.  

Off-balance sheet arrangements   

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

Limited operating history; need for additional capital   

There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have generated limited revenues to the date. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products.  

We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholder.  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

None  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.   

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   

There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.    

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS      

We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.  There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.  

17       

ITEM 1A.    

RISK FACTORS      

None  

ITEM 2.    

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS      

None  

ITEM 3.    

DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITES      

None  

ITEM 4.    

SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOITE OF SECURITIES HOLDERS      

None  

ITEM 5.    

OTHER INFORMATION      

None  

ITEM 6.    

EXHIBITS      

The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference:  

18       

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the Bologna, Italy on November 15, 2016.  

Illumitry Corp.     

By:   

/s/   

Corina Safaler   

Name:   

Corina Safaler   

Title:   

President, Treasurer and Secretary    

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)     

19       

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 none-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 none-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 none-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 none-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 none-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 none-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL DEPRECIATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

