<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_919864_0001144204-16-129150_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15048564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114869</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>408929</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5510263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7425468</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1367883</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129150.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024153148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919864
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				351927981
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26128
		FILM NUMBER:		161948089

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9204 COLUMBIA AVE
		CITY:			MUNSTER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46321
		BUSINESS PHONE:		219 836-9690

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9204 COLUMBIA AVE
		CITY:			MUNSTER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129150.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 v450664_10q.htm
 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
or 

For the transition period from   ___ to ______ 

Commission File Number: 0-26128 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Indiana  
       
      35-1927981   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification
    Number)   
 
      or organization)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (219)
836-4400  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).        Yes
  x        
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check
one): 

  Large
accelerated filer      
Accelerated filer      
Non-accelerated filer      
Smaller Reporting Company   x  

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes
       
No   x  

 There were 2,860,157 shares of the registrant s Common
Stock, without par value, outstanding at October 21, 2016. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp  

   Index   

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
Equity 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 - Basis of Presentation  

 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of NorthWest Indiana Bancorp (the  Bancorp ), its wholly-owned subsidiaries NWIN Risk Management, Inc.
(a captive insurance subsidiary) and Peoples Bank SB (the  Bank ), and the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Peoples Service Corporation, NWIN, LLC, NWIN Funding, Incorporated, and Columbia Development Company, LLC. The Bancorp s
business activities include being a holding company for the Bank as well as a holding company for NWIN Risk Management, Inc. The
Bancorp s earnings are primarily dependent upon the earnings of the Bank. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all disclosures required
by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete presentation of consolidated financial statements. In the opinion
of management, the consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated balance
sheets of the Bancorp as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, and changes in stockholders  equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and consolidated
statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The income reported for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 

Note 2 - Use of Estimates  

 Preparing financial statements in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period, as well as the disclosures provided. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Estimates associated with the allowance for loan losses, fair values of foreclosed real estate,
loan servicing rights, investment securities, deferred tax assets, goodwill, accrued withdrawal liability for the defined benefit
plan, and the status of contingencies are particularly susceptible to material change in the near term. 

Note 3 - Securities  

 The estimated fair value of available-for-sale
securities and the related gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows: 

The estimated fair value of available-for-sale
debt securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, were as follows. Securities not due at a single maturity date,
primarily collateralized mortgage obligations and residential mortgage-backed securities, are shown separately. 

Sales of available-for-sale securities
were as follows for the nine months ended: 

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
balances, net of tax, related to available-for-sale securities, were as follows: 

Securities with carrying values of approximately
$30.3 million and $31.1 million were pledged as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, as collateral for repurchase
agreements, public funds, and for other purposes as permitted or required by law. 

Securities with gross unrealized losses
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 not recognized in income are as follows: 

Unrealized losses on securities have not been recognized into
income because the securities are of high credit quality or have undisrupted cash flows. Management has the intent and ability
to hold those securities for the foreseeable future, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates
and volatility in securities markets. The fair values are expected to recover as the securities approach maturity. 

Note 4 - Loans Receivable  

 Loans receivable are summarized below: 

The Bancorp's credit quality indicators are summarized below
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Bancorp has established a standard
loan grading system to assist management, lenders and review personnel in their analysis and supervision of the loan
portfolio. The use and application of these grades by the Bancorp is uniform and conforms to regulatory definitions. The
loan grading system is as follows: 

2   Moderate risk  

 Borrower consistently internally generates sufficient cash flow
to fund debt service, working assets, and some capital expenditures. Risk of default considered low. 

3   Above average acceptable risk  

 Borrower generates sufficient cash flow to fund debt service
and some working assets and/or capital expansion needs. Profitability and key balance sheet ratios are at or slightly above peers.
Current trends are positive or stable. Earnings may be level or trending down slightly or be erratic; however, positive strengths
are offsetting. Risk of default is reasonable but may warrant collateral protection. 

4   Acceptable risk  

 Borrower generates sufficient cash flow to fund debt service,
but most working asset and all capital expansion needs are provided from external sources. Profitability ratios and key balance
sheet ratios are usually close to peers but one or more ratios (e.g. leverage) may be higher than peer. Earnings may be trending
down over the last three years. Borrower may be able to obtain similar financing from other banks with comparable or less favorable
terms. Risk of default is acceptable but requires collateral protection. 

5   Marginally acceptable risk  

 Borrower may exhibit excessive growth, declining earnings, strained
cash flow, increasing leverage and/or weakening market position that indicate above average risk. Limited additional debt capacity,
modest coverage, and average or below average asset quality, margins and market share. Interim losses and/or adverse trends may
occur, but not to the level that would affect the Bank s position. The potential for default is higher than normal but considered
marginally acceptable based on prospects for improving financial performance and the strength of the collateral. 

6   Pass/monitor  

 The borrower has significant weaknesses resulting from performance
trends or management concerns. The financial condition of the company has taken a negative turn and may be temporarily strained.
Cash flow may be weak but cash reserves remain adequate to meet debt service. Management weaknesses are evident. Borrowers in
this category will warrant more than the normal level of supervision and more frequent reporting. 

7   Special mention (watch)  

 Special mention credits are considered bankable assets with
no apparent loss of principal or interest envisioned but requiring a high level of management attention. Assets in this category
are currently protected but are potentially weak. These borrowers are subject to economic, industry, or management factors having
an adverse impact upon their prospects for orderly service of debt. The perceived risk in continued lending is considered to have
increased beyond the level where such loans would normally be granted. These assets constitute an undue and unwarranted credit
risk, but not to the point of justifying a classification of Substandard. 

8   Substandard  

 This classification consists of loans which are inadequately
protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged. Financial statements normally
reveal some or all of the following: poor trends, lack of earnings and cash flow, excessive debt, lack of liquidity, and the absence
of creditor protection. Loans are still considered collectible, but due to increased risks and defined weaknesses of the credit,
some loss could be incurred in collection if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Performing loans are loans that are paying
as agreed and are approximately less than ninety days past due on payments of interest and principal. 

One residential real estate loan in the
amount of $2 million was modified as a troubled debt restructuring during the second quarter of 2016. No troubled debt restructurings
have subsequently defaulted during the periods presented. All of the loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are also
considered impaired. The valuation basis for the Bancorp s troubled debt restructurings is based on the present value of
cash flows, unless consistent cash flows are not present, then the fair value of the collateral securing the loan is the basis
for valuation. 

The Bancorp's individually evaluated impaired loans are summarized
below: 

As part of the previously disclosed acquisitions
of First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hammond ( First Federal ), which closed during the second quarter
of 2014, and Liberty Savings Bank ( Liberty ), which closed during the third quarter of 2015, the Bancorp acquired
loans for which there was evidence of credit quality deterioration since origination and it was determined that it was probable
that the Bancorp would be unable to collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. At September 30, 2016,
total purchased credit impaired loans with unpaid principal balances totaled $3.0 million with a recorded investment of $1.0 million.
First Federal purchased credit impaired loans with unpaid principal balances totaled $1.2 million with a recorded investment of
$527 thousand. Liberty purchased credit impaired loans with unpaid principal balances totaled $1.8 million with a recorded investment
of $488 thousand. 

The Bancorp's age analysis of past due loans is summarized below: 

The Bancorp's loans on nonaccrual status are summarized below: 

Note 5 - Foreclosed Real Estate  

 Foreclosed real estate at period-end is
summarized below: 

Note 6 -  Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets, and
Acquisition Related Accounting  

 The Bancorp established a goodwill balance
totaling $2.8 million with the acquisition of First Federal and Liberty Savings. Goodwill of $2.0 million was established with
the acquisition of First Federal and goodwill of $803 thousand was established with the acquisition of Liberty Savings. Goodwill
is tested annually for impairment. Goodwill arising from business combinations represents the value attributable to unidentifiable
intangible assets in the business acquired. The Bancorp s goodwill relates to the value inherent in the banking industry
and that value is dependent upon the ability of the Bancorp to provide quality, cost effective banking services in a competitive
marketplace. If the implied fair value of goodwill is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment is indicated and goodwill
is written down to its implied fair value. There has not been any impairment of goodwill identified or recorded. During the first
quarter of 2015, estimates of fair values related to a pool of loans with a single borrower were determined to be lower than originally
estimated. This change, net of related estimated adjustments, led to the addition of $377 thousand to goodwill and $423 thousand
to purchased credit impaired loan balances during the period ended March 31, 2015. During the second quarter of 2016, original
estimates related to Liberty goodwill components were adjusted. Estimates of fair values related to a pool of purchased loans
were determined to be lower than originally estimated, which led to the addition of $178 thousand to goodwill. Fixed asset valuations
were also determined to be higher than originally estimated, which led to a reduction of $109 thousand to goodwill. Also, the
valuation of the accrued withdrawal liability for the defined benefit plan was determined to be higher than originally estimated
leading to the addition of $161 thousand to goodwill. Goodwill totaled $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $2.6 million
at December 31, 2015. 

In addition to goodwill, a core deposit
intangible of $93 thousand for the acquisition of First Federal was established and is being amortized over 7.9 years on a straight
line basis. Approximately $9 thousand of amortization was taken during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. It is
estimated that $3 thousand of additional amortization will occur during 2016 and the remaining amount of $60 thousand will be
equally amortized through to the first quarter of 2022. A core deposit intangible of $471 thousand for the acquisition of Liberty
Savings was established and is being amortized over 8.2 years on a straight line basis. Approximately $43 thousand of amortization
was taken during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with $14 thousand of amortization occurring during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. It is estimated that $14 thousand of additional amortization will occur during 2016 and the remaining
amount of $385 thousand will be equally amortized through to the third quarter of 2023. 

For the First Federal acquisition, as part
of the fair value of loans receivable, a net fair value discount was established for residential real estate, including home equity
lines of credit, of $1.1 million that is being accreted over 55 months on a straight line basis. Approximately $146 thousand of
accretion was taken into income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $168 thousand for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. It is estimated that $45 thousand of additional accretion will occur in 2016, with estimated accretion of
$182 thousand occurring in 2017, and $152 thousand occurring in 2018. Similarly, for the Liberty Savings acquisition, as part
of the fair value of loans receivable, a net fair value discount was established for residential real estate, including home equity
lines of credit, of $1.2 million that is being accreted over 44 months on a straight line basis. Approximately $274 thousand of
accretion was taken into income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $79 thousand for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. It is estimated an additional $76 thousand of accretion will occur during 2016, $302 thousand of accretion
will occur annually through to 2018, and accretion of $50 thousand will occur during 2019. 

For the First Federal acquisition, as part
of the fair value of certificates of deposit, a fair value premium was established of $276 thousand that is being amortized over
17 months on a straight line basis. No amortization was taken as expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to $127 thousand of amortization expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as the amortization period ended during
2015. For the Liberty Savings acquisition, as part of the fair value of certificates of deposit, a fair value premium was established
of $124 thousand that is being amortized over 17 months on a straight line basis. Approximately $66 thousand of amortization was
taken as expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $22 thousand during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. It is estimated that an additional $15 thousand of amortization will occur during 2016. 

Note 7 - Concentrations of Credit Risk   

 The primary lending area of the Bancorp
encompasses all of Lake County in northwest Indiana, where a majority of loan activity is concentrated. The Bancorp is also an
active lender in Porter County, and to a lesser extent, LaPorte, Newton and Jasper counties in Indiana, and Lake, Cook and Will
counties in Illinois. Substantially all loans are secured by specific items of collateral including residences, commercial real
estate, land development, business assets and consumer assets. 

Note 8 - Earnings per Share   

 Earnings per common share is computed by
dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators
of the basic and diluted earnings per common share computations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are as follows: 

Note 9 - Stock Based Compensation  

 The Bancorp s 2015 Stock Option and
Incentive Plan (the Plan), which was adopted by the Bancorp s Board of Directors on February 27, 2015 and approved by the
Bancorp s shareholders on April 24, 2015, permits the grant of equity awards for up to 250,000 shares of common stock. Awards
granted under the Plan may be in the form of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, unrestricted
stock, performance shares, or performance units. 

As required by the Stock Compensation Topic,
companies are required to record compensation cost for stock options and awards provided to employees in return for employment
service. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, stock based compensation expense of $104 thousand was recorded, compared
to $71 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. It is anticipated that current outstanding unvested options and
awards will result in additional compensation expense of approximately $38 thousand in 2016 and $152 thousand in 2017. 

There were no incentive stock options granted
during the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. When options are granted, the cost is measured at the fair value of the options
when granted, and this cost is expensed over the employment service period, which is normally the vesting period of the options
or awards. 

A summary of incentive option activity
under the Bancorp s stock option and incentive plans described above for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 follows: 

There were 8,740 shares of restricted stock
granted during the first nine months of 2016 compared to 7,250 shares granted during the first nine months of 2015. Restricted
stock awards are issued with an award price equal to the market price of the Bancorp s common stock on the award date and
vests five years after the grant date. Forfeiture provisions exist for personnel that separate employment before the vesting period
expires. A summary of restricted stock activity under the Bancorp s incentive stock option and incentive plans described
above for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 follows: 

Note 10 - Adoption of New Accounting Standards  

  Update Number 2014-09   Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  This accounting standard update adopts a standardized approach for revenue recognition
and was a joint effort with the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The new revenue recognition standard is based
on a core principle of recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This update does
not apply to financial instruments. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) also issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) , to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 .  The ASU is now effective for public business
entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (therefore, for the year ending December 31, 2018 for
the Bancorp). Early adoption is permitted for public business entities with certain caveats. Management does not believe the adoption
of this update will have a material effect on the Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 

Update Number 2016-01   Financial
Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments
in this accounting standard update require all equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value
recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation
of the investee). The amendments in this accounting standard update also require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive
income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit
risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial
instruments. In addition, the amendments in this accounting standard update eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair value
of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities and the requirement to
disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public business entities. This accounting standard update is effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years (therefore,
for the year ending December 31, 2018 for the Bancorp). Management is in the process of evaluating the impact of this update on
the Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 

Update Number 2016-02   Leases
(Topic 842)  As a result of a joint effort by the FASB and the IASB to improve financial reporting, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which finalizes (1) Discussion Paper No. 1680-100,  Leases Preliminary
Views , (2) Proposed ASU No. 1850-100,  Leases (Topic 840 ), and (3) Proposed ASU No. 2013-270,  Leases (Topic 842)  a
revision of the 2010 proposed FASB Accounting Standards Update,  Leases (Topic 840) . Moreover, ASU No. 2016-02 seeks to
increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet
and by disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. 

To satisfy the foregoing objective, the
FASB has created Topic 842,  Leases , which supersedes Topic 840. In fact, current GAAP requires lessees and lessors to classify
their leases as either capital leases or operating leases and to account for those leases differently, but those accounting models
have been criticized for failing to meet the needs of users of financial statements because they do not always provide a faithful
representation of leasing transactions. Thus, under the new guidance, Topic 842, a lessee will be required to recognize assets
and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement,
and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee will depend primarily on its classification as a
finance or an operating lease (i.e., the classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases
are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases under
the previous guidance). 

However, unlike current GAAP, which requires
only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, ASU No. 2016-02 will require both operating and finance leases to be
recognized on the balance sheet. Additionally, the ASU will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement
users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases, including qualitative and quantitative
requirements. 

Notably, lessor accounting will remain
largely unchanged from current GAAP. However, the ASU contains some targeted improvements that are intended to align, where necessary,
lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and with the updated revenue recognition guidance issued in 2014.This ASU is
effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those
fiscal years (therefore, for the year ending December 31, 2019 for the Bancorp). Management does not believe the adoption of this
update will have a material effect on the Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 

Update Number 2016-09   Compensation-
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU provides for the simplification
of several aspects of the accounting for share based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of the awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of these simplifications
only apply to nonpublic entities. Public business entities must apply the amendments in this Update for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods (therefore, for the year ending December 31, 2017 for
the Bancorp). Management does not believe the adoption of this update will have a material effect on the Bancorp s consolidated
financial statements. 

Update Number 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . This ASU finalizes Proposed ASU No. 2012-260,  Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Subtopic 825-15) ,   and adds Topic 326,  Financial Instruments Credit Losses ,
to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments
and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date by replacing the incurred loss impairment
methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range
of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. 

Prior GAAP included multiple credit impairment
objectives that generally delayed recognition of the full amount of credit losses until it was probable that the loss would occur.
The new guidance eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold and, instead, reflects an entity s current estimate
of all expected credit losses. The new guidance broadens the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected
credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually to include forecasted information, as well as past
events and current conditions. There is no specified method for measuring expected credit losses, and an entity is allowed to
apply methods that reasonably reflect its expectations of the credit loss estimate. Although an entity may still use its current
systems and methods for recording the allowance for credit losses, under the new rules, the inputs used to record the allowance
for credit losses generally will need to change to appropriately reflect an estimate of all expected credit losses and the use
of reasonable and supportable forecasts. The accounting for purchased credit impaired financial assets under the amendments will
make the allowance for credit losses more comparable between originated assets and purchased financial assets, as well as reduce
complexity with the accounting for interest income. 

Additionally, credit losses on available-for-sale
debt securities will now have to be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. This approach is an improvement to
current GAAP, because unlike current GAAP, which prohibits reflecting reversals of credit losses, an entity will be able to record
reversals of credit losses in current-period net income in situations in which the estimate of credit losses declines, thereby
aligning the income statement recognition of credit losses with the reporting period in which the changes occur. 

This ASU is effective for public entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years (therefore, for the year
ending December 31, 2020 for the Bancorp). Management is in the process of evaluating the impact adoption of this update will
have on the Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 11 - Fair Value  

 The Fair Value Measurements Topic establishes
a hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. The Topic describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical
assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 

Level 2: Significant other observable inputs other
than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs that reflect
a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

The fair values of securities available-for-sale
are determined on a recurring basis by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges or pricing models
utilizing significant observable inputs such as matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry
to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the
securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities. Different judgments and assumptions used in pricing could
result in different estimates of value. In certain cases where market data is not readily available because of a lack of market
activity or little public disclosure, values may be based on unobservable inputs and classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

At the end of each reporting period, securities
held in the investment portfolio are evaluated on an individual security level for other-than-temporary impairment in accordance
with the  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities  Topic. Impairment is other-than-temporary if the decline in the
fair value is below its amortized cost and it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of a debt security
will not be received. Significant judgments are required in determining impairment, which include making assumptions regarding
the estimated prepayments, loss assumptions and the change in interest rates. The Bancorp considers the following factors when
determining an other-than-temporary impairment for a security: the length of time and the extent to which the market value has
been less than amortized cost; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; the underlying fundamentals of the
relevant market and the outlook for such market for the near future; an assessment of whether the Bancorp (1) has the intent to
sell the debt securities or (2) more likely than not will be required to sell the debt securities before their anticipated market
recovery. If either of these conditions is met, management will recognize other-than-temporary impairment. If, in management s
judgment, an other-than-temporary impairment exists, the cost basis of the security will be written down for the credit loss,
and the unrealized loss will be transferred from accumulated other comprehensive loss as an immediate reduction of current earnings. 

The Bancorp s management utilizes
a specialist to perform an other-than-temporary impairment analysis for each of its four pooled trust preferred securities. The
analysis is performed semiannually on June 30 and December 31 and utilizes analytical models used to project future cash flows
for the pooled trust preferred securities based on current assumptions for prepayments, default and deferral rates, and recoveries.
The projected cash flows are then tested for impairment consistent with the  Investments   Other  Topic and the  Investments
  Debt and Equity Securities  Topic. The other-than-temporary impairment testing compares the present value of the cash
flows from quarter to quarter to determine if there is a  favorable  or  adverse  change. Other-than-temporary
impairment is recorded if the projected present value of cash flows is lower than the book value of the security. To perform the
semi-annual other-than-temporary impairment analysis, management utilizes current reports issued by the trustee, which contain
principal and interest tests, waterfall distributions, note valuations, collection detail and credit ratings for each pooled trust
preferred security. In addition, a detailed review of the performing collateral was performed. The review of the collateral began
with a review of financial information provided by SNL Financial, a comprehensive database, widely used in the industry, which
gathers financial data on banks and thrifts from U.S. GAAP financial statements for public companies (annual and quarterly reports
on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, respectively), as well as regulatory reports for private companies, including consolidated financial statements
for bank holding companies (FR Y-9C reports) and parent company-only financial statements for bank holding companies (FR Y-9LP
reports) filed with the Federal Reserve, and bank call reports filed with the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of Currency.
Using the information sources described above, for each bank and thrift examined the following items were examined: nature of
the issuer s business, years of operating history, corporate structure, loan composition and loan concentrations, deposit
mix, asset growth rates, geographic footprint and local economic environment. The issuers  historical financial performance
was reviewed and their financial ratios were compared to appropriate peer groups of regional banks or thrifts with similar asset
sizes. The analysis focused on six broad categories: profitability (revenue streams and earnings quality, return on assets and
shareholder s equity, net interest margin and interest rate sensitivity), credit quality (charge-offs and recoveries, non-current
loans and total non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans, loan loss reserve coverage and the adequacy of the loan
loss provision), operating efficiency (non-interest expense compared to total revenue), capital adequacy (Tier-1, total capital
and leverage ratios and equity capital growth), leverage (tangible equity as a percentage of tangible assets, short-term and long-term
borrowings and double leverage at the holding company) and liquidity (the nature and availability of funding sources, net non-core
funding dependence and quality of deposits). In addition, for publicly traded companies  stock price movements were reviewed
and the market price of publicly traded debt instruments was examined. Based on current market conditions and a review of the
trustee reports, management performed an analysis of the four pooled trust preferred securities and no additional impairment was
taken at September 30, 2016. A specialist will be used to review all four pooled trust preferred securities again at December
31, 2016. 

The table below shows the credit loss
roll forward on a year-to-date basis for the Bancorp s pooled trust preferred securities that have been classified with
other-than-temporary impairment: 

The following table contains information
regarding the Bancorp s pooled trust preferred securities impairment evaluation as of June 30, 2016: 

In the preceding table, the Bancorp s
subordination for each trust preferred security is calculated by taking the total performing collateral and subtracting the sum
of the total collateral within the Bancorp s class and the total collateral within all senior classes, and then stating
this result as a percentage of the total performing collateral. This measure is an indicator of the level of collateral that can
default before potential cash flow disruptions may occur. In addition, management calculates subordination assuming future collateral
defaults by utilizing the default/deferral assumptions in the Bancorp s other-than-temporary-impairment analysis. Subordination
assuming future default/deferral assumptions is calculated by deducting future defaults from the current performing collateral.
At June 30, 2016, management reviewed the subordination levels for each security in context of the level of current collateral
defaults and deferrals within each security; the potential for additional defaults and deferrals within each security; the length
of time that the security has been in  payment in kind  status; and the Bancorp s class position within each
security. 

Management calculated the other-than-temporary
impairment model assumptions based on the specific collateral underlying each individual security. The following assumption methodology
was applied consistently to each of the four pooled trust preferred securities: For collateral that has already defaulted, no
recovery was assumed; no cash flows were assumed from collateral currently in deferral, with the exception of the recovery assumptions.
The default and recovery assumptions were calculated based on a detailed collateral review. The discount rate assumption used
in the calculation of the present value of cash flows is based on the discount margin (i.e., credit spread) at the time each security
was purchased using the original purchase price. The discount margin is then added to the appropriate 3-month LIBOR forward rate
obtained from the forward LIBOR curve. 

At September 30, 2016, three of the trust
preferred securities with a cost basis of $3.8 million continue to be in  payment in kind  status. The Bancorp s
securities that are classified as  payment in kind  are a result of not receiving the scheduled quarterly interest
payments. For the securities in  payment in kind  status, management anticipates to receive the unpaid contractual
interest payments from the issuer, because of the self-correcting cash flow waterfall provisions within the structure of the securities.
When a tranche senior to the Bancorp s position fails the coverage test, the Bancorp s interest cash flows are paid
to the senior tranche and recorded as a reduction of principal. The coverage test represents an over collateralization target
by stating the balance of the performing collateral as a percentage of the balance of the Bancorp s tranche, plus the balance
of all senior tranches. The principal reduction in the senior tranche continues until the appropriate coverage test is passed.
As a result of the principal reduction in the senior tranche, more cash is available for future payments to the Bancorp s
tranche. Consistent with the  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities Topic , management considered the failure of
the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest payments in determining whether a credit loss existed. Management will not
capitalize the  payment in kind  interest payments to the book value of the securities and will keep these securities
in non-accrual status until the quarterly interest payments resume. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis  

There were no transfers to or from Levels
1 and 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

A roll forward of available-for-sale securities,
which require significant adjustment based on unobservable data, are presented in the following table: 

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis are summarized below: 

(Dollars in thousands)     

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016 Using     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
     Estimated  Fair  Value       
     Quoted Prices in   Active Markets   for Identical   Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant Other   Observable   Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant   Unobservable   Inputs  (Level 3)     
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  3,748       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  3,748     
 
     Foreclosed real estate    
        1,123       
        -       
        -       
        1,123     

(Dollars in thousands)     

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2015 Using     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
     Estimated  Fair  Value       
     Quoted Prices in   Active Markets   for Identical   Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant Other   Observable   Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant   Unobservable   Inputs  (Level 3)     
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  7,048       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  7,048     
 
     Foreclosed real estate    
        1,590       
        -       
        -       
        1,590     

The
fair value of impaired loans with specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses or loans for which charge-offs have been
taken is generally based on a present value of cash flows or, for collateral dependent loans, based on recent real estate appraisals.
Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach.
The recorded investment in impaired loans was approximately $4.2 million and the related specific reserves totaled approximately
$477 thousand, resulting in a fair value of impaired loans totaling approximately $3.7 million, at September 30 ,  2016.
The recorded investment of impaired loans was approximately $7.4 million and the related specific reserves totaled approximately
$356 thousand, resulting in a fair value of impaired loans totaling approximately $7.0 million, at December 31, 2015. Fair value
is determined, where possible, using market prices derived from an appraisal or evaluation, which are considered to be Level 2
inputs. However, certain assumptions and unobservable inputs are often used by the appraiser, therefore, qualifying the assets
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of foreclosed real estate is similarly determined by using the results
of recent real estate appraisals. The numerical range of unobservable inputs for these valuation assumptions is not meaningful
to this presentation.  

The following
table shows carrying values and related estimated fair values of financial instruments as of the dates indicated. Estimated fair
values are further categorized by the inputs used to measure fair value. Items that are not financial instruments are not included.  

The following methods were used to estimate
the fair value of financial instruments presented in the preceding table for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

Cash and cash equivalents carrying amounts
approximate fair value. The fair values of securities available-for-sale are obtained from broker pricing (Level 2), with the
exception of collateralized debt obligations, which are valued by a third-party specialist (Level 3). Loans held-for-sale comprise
residential mortgages and are priced based on values established by the secondary mortgage markets (Level 1). The estimated fair
value for net loans receivable is based on estimates of the rate the Bancorp would charge for similar such loans, applied for
the time period until estimated repayment, in addition to appraisals which may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination
of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach (Level 3). Federal Home Loan Bank stock is estimated at book
value due to restrictions that limit the sale or transfer of the security. Fair value of accrued interest receivable and payable
approximates book value, as the carrying values are determined using the observable interest rate, balance, and last payment date. 

Non-interest and interest bearing deposits,
which include checking, savings, and money market deposits, are estimated to have fair values based on the amount payable as of
the reporting date (Level 1). The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit (included in interest bearing deposits)
are based on estimates of the rate the Bancorp would pay on similar deposits, applied for the time period until maturity (Level
2). Estimated fair values for short-term repurchase agreements, which represent sweeps from demand deposits to accounts secured
by pledged securities, are estimated based on the amount payable as of the reporting date (Level 1). Longer-term repurchase agreements,
with contractual maturity dates of three months or more, are based on estimates of the rate the Bancorp would pay on similar deposits,
applied for the time period until maturity (Level 2). Short-term borrowings are generally only held overnight, therefore, their
carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value (Level 1). The fair value of FHLB Advances (included in borrowed funds)
are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using quoted rates from the FHLB for similar advances with similar maturities
(Level 2). The estimated fair value of other financial instruments, and off-balance sheet loan commitments, approximate cost and
are not considered significant to this presentation. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Summary  

NorthWest Indiana Bancorp (the  Bancorp )
is a financial holding company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Peoples Bank SB ( the
Bank ), an Indiana savings bank, and NWIN Risk Management, Inc., a captive insurance company, are wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Bancorp. The Bancorp has no other business activity other than being a holding company for the Bank and NWIN Risk Management,
Inc. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had total
assets of $900.9 million, total loans of $594.6 million and total deposits of $748.4 million. Stockholders' equity totaled $87.2
million or 9.68% of total assets, with a book value per share of $30.48. Net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
was $2.3 million, or $0.81 earnings per common share for both basic and diluted calculations. For the quarter ended September
30, 2016, the return on average assets (ROA) was 1.03%, while the return on average stockholders  equity (ROE) was 10.67%.
Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $6.8 million, or $2.38 earnings per common share for both basic and
diluted calculations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, ROA was 1.03%, while the ROE was 10.63%. 

Recent Developments  

Regulatory Environment.  The Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) contains comprehensive provisions governing the
practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act regulates,
among other institutions, community banks, thrifts, and small bank and thrift holding companies, such as the Bancorp, through
a variety of measures, including increased capital requirements and enhanced supervisory authority. The federal banking regulators
have implemented and continue to propose new regulations and supervisory guidance under the Dodd-Frank Act and otherwise. The
impact of the evolving regulatory environment on the Bancorp s business and operations depends upon a number of factors,
including supervisory priorities and actions, the actions of our competitors and other financial institutions, and the behavior
of consumers. Regulatory developments could negatively impact our business strategies, require us to limit or change our business
practices, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, or limit our ability
to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. Regulatory developments also could
impact our strategies, the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, the additional expense,
time, and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may impact our business and results of operations. 

Regulatory Capital Rules.  In 2013, the
Federal Reserve approved final rules that substantially amended the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to the Bancorp
and the Bank. The FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) subsequently approved these rules.
The final rules implement the  Basel III  regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. 

The rules include new risk-based capital and
leverage ratios, which were instituted in 2015 and will continue to be phased in through 2019, and refine the definition of what
constitutes  capital  for purposes of calculating those ratios. The minimum capital level requirements applicable
to the Bancorp and the Bank under the final rules are: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital
ratio of 6%; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8%; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% for all institutions. The final rules also
establish a  capital conservation buffer  above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist
entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital. The capital conservation buffer was instituted on January 1, 2016 and will be phased-in
over four years, as follows: the maximum buffer will be 0.625% of risk-weighted assets for 2016, 1.25% for 2017, 1.875% for 2018,
and 2.5% for 2019 and thereafter. This will result in the following minimum ratios beginning in 2019: (i) a common equity Tier
1 capital ratio of 7.0%, (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. Under the final rules,
institutions are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if
its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income
that could be utilized for such actions. 

The final rules also implement revisions and
clarifications consistent with Basel III regarding the various components of Tier 1 capital, including common equity, unrealized
gains and losses, as well as certain instruments that will no longer qualify as Tier 1 capital, some of which will be phased out
over time. However, the final rules provide that small depository institution holding companies with less than $15 billion in
total assets as of December 31, 2009 (which includes the Bancorp) will be able to permanently include non-qualifying instruments
that were issued and included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to May 19, 2010 in additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital until they
redeem such instruments or until the instruments mature. 

The final rules also contain revisions to the
prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions on insured depository institutions, including the
Bank, if their capital levels begin to show signs of weakness. Under the prompt corrective action requirements, which are designed
to complement the capital conservation buffer, insured depository institutions are required to meet the following increased capital
level requirements in order to qualify as  well capitalized:  (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5%; (ii)
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8%; (iii) a total capital ratio of 10%; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5%. 

Additionally, the final rules set forth certain
changes for the calculation of risk-weighted assets. The standardized approach final rule utilizes an increased number of credit
risk exposure categories and risk weights, and also addresses: (i) an alternative standard of creditworthiness consistent with
Section 939A of the Dodd-Frank Act; (ii) revisions to recognition of credit risk mitigation; (iii) rules for risk weighting of
equity exposures and past due loans; (iv) revised capital treatment for derivatives and repo-style transactions; and (v) disclosure
requirements for top-tier banking organizations with $50 billion or more in total assets that are not subject to the  advance
approach rules  that apply to banks with greater than $250 billion in consolidated assets. Based on our current capital
composition and levels, we believe we are in compliance with the requirements as set forth in the final rules. 

Financial Condition 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, total assets increased by $36.0 million (4.2%), with interest-earning assets increasing by $35.7 million (4.4%). At September
30, 2016, interest-earning assets totaled $848.0 million compared to $812.3 million at December 31, 2015. Earning assets represented
94.1% of total assets at September 30, 2016 and 93.9% of total assets at December 31, 2015. Growth in total assets and interest
earning assets for the nine months was the result of internally generated growth. 

Net loans receivable totaled $594.6 million
at September 30, 2016, compared to $571.9 million at December 31, 2015. The loan portfolio, which is the Bancorp s largest
asset, is the primary source of both interest and fee income. The Bancorp s lending strategy emphasizes quality loan growth,
product diversification, and competitive and profitable pricing. 

The Bancorp s end-of-period loan balances
were as follows: 

The Bancorp is primarily a portfolio lender.
Mortgage banking activities historically have been limited to the sale of fixed rate mortgage loans with contractual maturities
greater than 15 years. These loans are identified as held for sale when originated and sold, on a loan-by-loan basis, in the secondary
market. The Bancorp will also retain fixed rate mortgage loans with a contractual maturity greater than 15 years on a limited
basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bancorp originated $42.1 million in new fixed rate mortgage loans
for sale, compared to $36.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net gains realized from the mortgage loan
sales totaled $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had $3.6 million in loans that were classified as held for sale, compared to $2.4
million at December 31, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses (ALL) is a valuation
allowance for probable incurred credit losses, increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs net of
recoveries. A loan is charged-off against the allowance by management as a loss when deemed uncollectible, although collection
efforts continue and future recoveries may occur. The determination of the amounts of the ALL and provisions for loan losses is
based on management s current judgments about the credit quality of the loan portfolio with consideration given to all known
relevant internal and external factors that affect loan collectability as of the reporting date. The appropriateness of the current
period provision and the overall adequacy of the ALL are determined through a disciplined and consistently applied quarterly process
that reviews the Bancorp s current credit risk within the loan portfolio and identifies the required allowance for loan
losses given the current risk estimates. 

Non-performing loans include those loans that
are 90 days or more past due and those loans that have been placed on non-accrual status. Non-performing loans totaled $5.5 million
at September 30, 2016, compared to $5.6 million at December 31, 2015, a decrease of $92 thousand or 1.6%. The decrease in non-performing
loans for the first nine months of 2016 is primarily the result of the payoff of one non-accruing commercial real estate loan
in the amount of $522 thousand. The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans was 0.92% at September 30, 2016, compared to
0.98% at December 31, 2015. The ratio of non-performing loans to total assets was 0.61% at September 30, 2016, compared to 0.64%
at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, all non-performing loans are also accounted for on a non-accrual basis, except for
twelve loans totaling $620 thousand that remained accruing and more than 90 days past due. 

Loans internally classified as substandard
totaled $5.4 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $11.3 million at December 31, 2015 a decrease of $5.9 million or 52.0%.
The decrease in substandard loans is primarily due to the payoff of one accruing commercial real estate hotel loan in the amount
of $4.4 million, one non-accruing commercial real estate loan in the amount of $522 thousand, and one accruing commercial business
loan in the amount of $888 thousand being upgraded. Substandard loans include non-performing loans and potential problem loans,
where information about possible credit issues or other conditions causes management to question the ability of such borrowers
to comply with loan covenants or repayment terms. No loans were internally classified as doubtful or loss at September 30, 2016
or December 31, 2015. In addition to identifying and monitoring non-performing and other classified loans, management maintains
a list of watch loans. Watch loans represent loans management is closely monitoring due to one or more factors that may cause
the loan to become classified as substandard. Watch loans totaled $12.9 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $13.5 million
at December 31, 2015, a decrease of $648 thousand or 4.8%. The decrease in watch loans is primarily due to seventeen residential
real estate loans in the aggregate amount of $1.1 million that were upgraded. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that a borrower will be unable to pay all amounts due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. At September 30, 2016, impaired loans totaled $4.2 million, compared to $7.4 million at December
31, 2015 a decrease of $3.2 million or 43.2%. The decrease in impaired loans for the first nine months of 2016 is primarily the
result of the aforementioned payoff of one accruing commercial real estate hotel loan and one non-accruing commercial real estate
loan. The September 30, 2016, impaired loan balances consist of 12 commercial real estate and commercial business loans totaling
$1.1 million that are secured by business assets and real estate, and are personally guaranteed by the owners of the businesses.
In addition, sixty-three residential real estate and home equity line of credit loans totaling $3.1 million, which are troubled
debt restructurings or purchased credit impaired, have also been classified as impaired. At September 30, 2016 the ALL contained
$477 thousand in specific reserves for impaired loans, compared to $356 thousand at December 31, 2015. There were no other loans
considered to be impaired loans as of September 30, 2016. Typically, management does not individually classify smaller-balance
homogeneous loans, such as residential mortgages or consumer loans, as impaired, unless they are troubled debt restructurings. 

Purchased loans acquired in a business combination
are recorded at estimated fair value on their purchase date. Purchased loans with evidence of credit quality deterioration since
origination are considered purchased credit impaired loans. Expected future cash flows at the purchase date in excess of the fair
value of loans are recorded as interest income over the life of the loans if the timing and amount of the future cash flows is
reasonably estimable ( accretable yield ). The difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows
expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the non-accretable difference and represents probable losses in the
portfolio. In determining the acquisition date fair value of purchased credit impaired loans, and in subsequent accounting, the
Bancorp aggregates these purchased loans into pools of loans by common risk characteristics, such as credit risk rating and loan
type. Subsequent to the purchase date, increases in cash flows over those expected at the purchase date are recognized as interest
income prospectively. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses. During
the first quarter of 2015, initial estimates of fair values related to a pool of First Federal loans with a single borrower were
found to be lower than expected. This change led to the addition of $423 thousand to purchased credit impaired loan balances.
During the second quarter of 2016, initial estimates of fair values related to a pool of Liberty loans were found to be lower
than expected. This change led to the addition of $178 thousand to non-accretable discount. At September 30, 2016, purchased credit
impaired loans with unpaid principal balances totaled $3.0 million with a recorded investment of $1.0 million. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp classified
three loans totaling $2.0 million as troubled debt restructurings, which involves modifying the terms of a loan to forego a portion
of interest or principal or reducing the interest rate on the loan to a rate materially less than market rates, or materially
extending the maturity date of a loan. The Bancorp s troubled debt restructurings include one loan to a residential real
estate developer for $1.9 million for which an extension of term and reduction in rate and two commercial business loans totaling
$64 thousand for which a reduction in principal payments was granted. At September 30, 2016, all $2.0 million of the Bancorp s
loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are accruing loans. The valuation basis for the Bancorp s troubled debt
restructurings is based on the present value of expected future cash flows; unless consistent cash flows are not present, then
the fair value of the collateral securing the loan is the basis for valuation. 

At September 30, 2016, management is of the
opinion that there are no loans, except certain of those discussed above, where known information about possible credit problems
of borrowers causes management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment
terms and which will imminently result in such loans being classified as past due, non-accrual or a troubled debt restructure.
Management does not presently anticipate that any of the non-performing loans or classified loans would materially impact future
operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
$846 thousand in provisions to the ALL were required, compared to $585 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $261 thousand or 44.6%. The ALL provision increase for the current nine month period is primarily a result of overall
loan portfolio growth. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, charge-offs, net of recoveries, totaled $295 thousand, compared
to charge-offs, net of recoveries of $221 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net loan charge-offs for
2016 were comprised of $304 thousand in residential real estate loans, $19 thousand in consumer loans, and net loan recoveries
of $28 thousand in commercial business loans. The ALL provisions take into consideration management s current judgments
about the credit quality of the loan portfolio, loan portfolio balances, changes in the portfolio mix and local economic conditions.
In determining the provision for loan losses for the current period, management has given consideration to risks associated with
the local economy, changes in loan balances and mix, and asset quality. 

The ALL-to-total loans was 1.26% at September
30, 2016, compared to 1.22% at December 31, 2015. The ALL-to-non-performing loans (coverage ratio) was 136.8% at September 30,
2016, compared to 124.7% at December 31, 2015. The September 30, 2016 balance in the ALL account of $7.5 million is considered
adequate by management after evaluation of the loan portfolio, past experience and current economic and market conditions. While
management may periodically allocate portions of the allowance for specific problem loans, the whole allowance is available for
any loan charge offs that occur. The allocation of the ALL reflects performance and growth trends within the various loan categories,
as well as consideration of the facts and circumstances that affect the repayment of individual loans, and loans which have been
pooled as of the evaluation date, with particular attention given to non-performing loans and loans which have been classified
as substandard, doubtful or loss. Management has allocated reserves to both performing and non-performing loans based on current
information available. 

At September 30, 2016, foreclosed real estate
totaled $1.1 million, which was comprised of ten properties, compared to $1.6 million and seventeen properties at December 31,
2015. The decrease in foreclosed real estate is the result of the sale of properties. Net gains from the sale of foreclosed real
estate totaled $80 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and were the result of proceeds received from the sale
of foreclosed properties. At the end of September 2016 all of the Bancorp s foreclosed real estate is located within its
primary market area. 

The primary objective of the Bancorp s
investment portfolio is to provide for the liquidity needs of the Bancorp and to contribute to profitability by providing a stable
flow of dependable earnings. Funds are generally invested in federal funds, interest bearing balances in other financial institutions,
U.S. government securities, federal agency obligations, obligations of state and local municipalities and corporate securities.
The securities portfolio, all of which is designated as available-for-sale, totaled $240.1 million at September 30, 2016, compared
to $233.4 million at December 31, 2015, an increase of $6.7 million (2.9%). The increase in the securities portfolio is a result
of continued investment of excess liquidity in securities. At September 30, 2016, the securities portfolio represented 28.3% of
interest-earning assets and 26.6% of total assets compared to 28.7% of interest-earning assets and 27.0% of total assets at December
31, 2015. 

The Bancorp s end-of-period investment
portfolio and other short-term investments and stock balances were as follows: 

The net increase in interest bearing balances
in other financial institutions and the net increase in fed funds sold is primarily the result of the Bancorp s deposit
gathering efforts and the timing of investing those funds in earning assets. Federal Home Loan Bank stock corresponds to stock
ownership requirements based on borrowing needs. 

Deposits are a fundamental and cost-effective
source of funds for lending and other investment purposes. The Bancorp offers a variety of products designed to attract and retain
customers, with the primary focus on building and expanding relationships. 

The Bancorp s end-of-period deposit portfolio
balances were as follows: 

The Bancorp s core deposits include checking,
savings, and money market accounts. The overall increase in core deposits is a result of management s sales efforts along
with current customer preferences for short-term, liquid investment alternatives. 

The Bancorp s borrowed funds are primarily
used to fund asset growth not supported by deposit generation. The Bancorp s end-of-period borrowing balances were as follows: 

Repurchase agreements increased as part of
normal account fluctuations within that product line. Borrowed funds decreased as FHLB fixed advances matured and were not replaced. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the Bancorp, liquidity management refers
to the ability to generate sufficient cash to fund current loan demand, meet deposit withdrawals, and pay dividends and operating
expenses. Because profit and liquidity are often conflicting objectives, management attempts to maximize the Bank s net
interest margin by making adequate, but not excessive, liquidity provisions. Furthermore, funds are managed so that future profits
will not be significantly impacted as funding costs increase. 

Changes in the liquidity position result from
operating, investing and financing activities. Cash flows from operating activities are generally the cash effects of transactions
and other events that enter into the determination of net income. The primary investing activities include loan originations,
loan repayments, investments in interest bearing balances in other financial institutions, and the purchase, sale, and maturity
of investment securities. Financing activities focus almost entirely on the generation of customer deposits. In addition, the
Bancorp utilizes borrowings (i.e., repurchase agreements, FHLB advances and federal funds purchased) as a source of funds. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, cash and cash equivalents increased by $5.0 million compared to a $10.8 million decrease for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The primary sources of cash and cash equivalents were increased deposits, sales of loans originated for sale, and proceeds
from maturities, pay downs, calls, and sales of available-for-sale securities. The primary uses of cash and cash equivalents were
loan originations, the purchase of securities, and the repayment of FHLB advances. Cash provided by operating activities totaled
$5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash provided of $6.8 million for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in cash from operating activities was primarily a result of a decrease in clearing accounts
that facilitate customer transactions and an increase in originations of loans for sale. Cash outflows from investing activities
totaled $27.9 million for the current period, compared to cash outflows of $23.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increased cash outflows for the current nine months were primarily related to the origination of loans receivable and
a decrease in cash and cash equivalents from acquisition activity. Net cash inflows from financing activities totaled $27.4 million
during the current period compared to net cash inflows of $5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase
in net cash inflows from financing activities was primarily a result of increased deposits and less reliance on the Federal Home
Loan Bank advances. On a cash basis, the Bancorp paid dividends on common stock of $2.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and $2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, outstanding commitments
to fund loans totaled $128.9 million. Approximately 54.9% of the commitments were at variable rates. Standby letters of credit,
which are conditional commitments issued by the Bancorp to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party, totaled $7.9
million at September 30, 2016. Management believes that the Bancorp has sufficient cash flow and borrowing capacity to fund all
outstanding commitments and letters of credit, while maintaining proper levels of liquidity. 

Management strongly believes that maintaining
a high level of capital enhances safety and soundness. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, stockholders' equity increased
by $6.3 million (7.8%). During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, stockholders  equity was primarily increased by
net income of $6.8 million and an increase to net unrealized gains on security sales of $1.8 million. Decreasing stockholders 
equity was the declaration of $2.4 million in cash dividends. On April 24, 2014 the Bancorp s Board of Directors authorized
a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to 50,000 shares of the Bancorp s outstanding common stock, from time to time
and subject to market conditions, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase program does
not expire and is only limited by the number of shares that can be purchased. The stock repurchase program will be reviewed annually
by the Board of Directors. No shares were repurchased during the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. 

The Bancorp is subject to risk-based capital
guidelines adopted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB), and the Bank is subject to risk-based capital
guidelines adopted by the FDIC. As applied to the Bancorp and the Bank, the FRB and FDIC capital requirements are substantially
the same. These regulations divide capital into multiple tiers. The first tier (Common Equity Tier 1 Capital) includes common
shareholders  equity, after deductions for various items including goodwill and certain other intangible assets, and after
certain other adjustments. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital also includes accumulated other comprehensive income (for organizations
that do not make opt-out elections). The next tier (Tier 1 Capital) is comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital plus other qualifying
capital instruments such as perpetual noncumulative preferred stock and junior subordinated debt issued to trusts, and other adjustments.
The third tier (Tier 2 Capital) includes instruments such as subordinated debt that have a minimum original maturity of at least
five years and are subordinated to the claims of depositors and general creditors, total capital minority interest not included
in Tier 1 Capital, and limited amounts of the allowance for loan losses, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions.
The Bancorp and the Bank are required to maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio of 4.5%, a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%,
and a Total Capital ratio (comprised of Tier 1 Capital plus Tier 2 Capital) of 8%. In addition, the capital regulations provide
for a minimum leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to adjusted average assets) of 4%. 

The Dodd-Frank Act required the FRB to set
minimum capital levels for bank holding companies that are as stringent as those required for insured depository subsidiaries.
However, under the FRB s  Small Bank Holding Company  exemption from consolidated bank holding company capital
requirements, bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies with less than $1 billion in consolidated assets,
such as the Bancorp, are exempt from consolidated regulatory capital requirements, unless the FRB determines otherwise in particular
cases. 

The following table shows that, at September
30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp s and Bank s capital exceeded all applicable regulatory capital requirements.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bancorp s and Bank s regulatory capital ratios continued to be
negatively impacted by regulatory requirements regarding collateralized debt obligations. The regulatory requirements state that
for collateralized debt obligations that have been downgraded below investment grade by the rating agencies, increased risk based
asset weightings are required. The Bancorp currently holds four pooled trust preferred securities with a cost basis of $5.0 million.
Three of these investments currently have ratings that are below investment grade. As a result, approximately $18.4 million of
risk based assets are generated by the trust preferred securities in the Bancorp s and Bank s total risk based capital
calculation. The Bancorp s and the Bank s regulatory capital ratios were substantially the same at both September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The dollar amounts are in millions. 

The Bancorp s ability to pay dividends
to its shareholders is primarily dependent upon the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Bancorp. Under Indiana law, the
Bank may pay dividends from its undivided profits (generally, earnings less losses, bad debts, taxes and other operating expenses)
as is considered expedient by the Bank s Board of Directors. However, the Bank must obtain the approval of the Indiana Department
of Financial Institutions (DFI) if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank during the current year, including the proposed
dividend, would exceed the sum of retained net income for the year to date plus its retained net income for the previous two years.
For this purpose,  retained net income,  means net income as calculated for call report purposes, less all dividends
declared for the applicable period. An exemption from DFI approval would require that the Bank have been assigned a composite
uniform financial institutions rating of 1 or 2 as a result of the most recent federal or state examination; the proposed dividend
would not result in a Tier 1 leverage ratio below 7.5%; and that the Bank not be subject to any corrective action, supervisory
order, supervisory agreement, or board approved operating agreement. The aggregate amount of dividends that may be declared by
the Bank in 2016, without the need for qualifying for an exemption or prior DFI approval, is $9.2 million plus 2016 net profits.
Moreover, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board may prohibit the payment of dividends if it determines that the payment of dividends
would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the Bank. On August 26, 2016 the Board of
Directors of the Bancorp declared a third quarter dividend of $0.28 per share. The Bancorp s third quarter dividend was
paid to shareholders on October 4, 2016. 

Results of Operations - Comparison of the Quarter Ended September
30, 2016 to the Quarter Ended September 30, 2015  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
Bancorp reported net income of $2.3 million, compared to net income of $1.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $407 thousand (21.2%). For the current quarter the ROA was 1.03%, compared to 0.91% for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The ROE was 10.67% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to 9.73% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Net interest income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $7.6 million, an increase of $482 thousand (6.8%), compared to $7.1 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The weighted-average yield on interest-earning assets was 3.86% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to 3.87% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The weighted-average cost of funds for the quarter ended September 30,
2016, was 0.29%, compared to 0.28% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The impact of the 3.86% return on interest earning
assets and the 0.29% cost of funds resulted in an interest rate spread of 3.57% for the current quarter, compared to 3.59% for
the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, total interest income increased by
$544 thousand (7.1%) while total interest expense increased by $62 thousand (11.8%). The net interest margin was 3.58% for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.60% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. On a tax equivalent basis,
the Bancorp s net interest margin was 3.82% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.85% for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. Comparing the net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis more accurately compares the returns on
tax-exempt loans and securities to those on taxable interest-earning assets. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, interest income from loans increased by $580 thousand (9.5%), compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The
change was due to an increase in average balances. The weighted-average yield on loans outstanding was 4.45% for the current quarter,
compared to 4.49% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Loan balances averaged $599.5 million for the current quarter,
an increase of $57.4 million (10.6%) from $542.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, interest income on securities and other interest bearing balances decreased by $36 thousand (2.3%),
compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The change was due to a decrease in the weighted-average yield. The weighted-average
yield on securities and other interest bearing balances was 2.43%, for the current quarter, compared to 2.50% for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Securities balances averaged $242.6 million for the current quarter, up $7.6 million (3.2%) from $235.0
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Other interest bearing balances averaged $4.7 million for the current period,
down $6.6 million (58.4%) from $11.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in other interest bearing
balances is a result of increased loan origination and investments in securities. 

Interest expense on deposits increased by $37
thousand (9.1%) during the current quarter compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The change was due to an increase
in average balances outstanding and higher average cost. The weighted-average rate paid on deposits for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016 was 0.24% compared to 0.23% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total deposit balances averaged
$748.2 million for the current quarter, an increase of $42.3 million (6.0%) from $705.9 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense on borrowed funds increased by $25 thousand (21.4%) during the current quarter due to an increase in
average balances compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The weighted-average cost of borrowed funds was 1.02%
for the current quarter, compared to 0.91% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Borrowed funds averaged $55.6 million
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.2 million (8.2%) from $51.4 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. 

Noninterest income for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 was $2.2 million, an increase of $572 thousand (35.4%) from $1.6 million for the quarter ended September 30,
2015. During the current quarter, fees and service charges totaled $763 thousand, an increase of $34 thousand (4.7%) from $729
thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase in fees and service charges is the result of the Bancorp s
growing depository base. Fees from Wealth Management operations totaled $423 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
a decrease of $26 thousand (5.8%) from $449 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in Wealth Management
income is related to market value changes of assets under management and the timing of one-time fees between the two time periods.
Gains from loan sales totaled $579 thousand for the current quarter, an increase of $303 thousand (109.8%), compared to $276 thousand
for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gains from the sale of loans is a result of increased demand. Gains
from the sale of securities totaled $283 thousand for the current quarter, an increase of $251 thousand (784.4%) from $32 thousand
for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Current market conditions continued to provide opportunities to maintain securities
cash flows, while recognizing gains from the sales of securities. Income from an increase in the cash value of bank owned life
insurance totaled $118 thousand for the current quarter, an increase of $1 thousand (0.9%) from $117 thousand for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. Gains on foreclosed real estate totaled $6 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared
to no gains for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Other noninterest income totaled $15 thousand for the quarter, an increase
of $3 thousand (25.0%) compared to $12 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Noninterest expense for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 was $6.55 million, an increase of $322 thousand (5.2%) from $6.23 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. During the current quarter, compensation and benefits totaled $3.9 million, an increase of $529 thousand (15.7%) from
$3.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase in compensation and benefits is the result of a continued
focus on talent management and retention. Occupancy and equipment expense totaled $900 thousand for the current quarter, a decrease
of $38 thousand (4.1%), compared to $938 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in occupancy and equipment
expense is the result of lower building operating expenses. Data processing expense totaled $343 thousand for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $21 thousand (6.5%) from $322 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Data processing expense has increased as a result of increased system utilization. Federal deposit insurance premiums expense
totaled $135 thousand for the current quarter, an increase of $11 thousand (8.9%), compared to $124 thousand for the quarter ended
September 30, 2015. Marketing expense totaled $108 thousand for the current quarter, a decrease of $24 thousand (18.2%), compared
to $132 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The Bancorp proactively markets its products, but varies its timing
based on projected benefits and needs. Other expense totaled $1.2 million for the current quarter, a decrease of $176 thousand
(13.2%), compared to $1.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in other operating expenses is related
to not repeating many of the onetime costs associated with the acquisition of Liberty Savings Bank during 2015. The Bancorp s
efficiency ratio was 67.0% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to 71.4% for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The ratio is determined by dividing total noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income
for the period and the decrease can be attributed to higher net interest income and noninterest income relative to noninterest
expense. 

Income tax expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $631 thousand, compared to income tax expense of $469 thousand for the three months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $162 thousand (34.5%). The combined effective federal and state tax rates for the Bancorp was 21.3% for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 19.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Bancorp s
higher current quarter effective tax rate is a result of a larger increase to earnings relative to increased tax preferred income. 

Results of Operations - Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Bancorp reported net income of $6.8 million, compared to net income of $5.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $990 thousand (17.0%). For the current nine months the ROA was 1.03%, compared to 0.96% for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The ROE was 10.63% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 9.88% for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net interest income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $22.5 million, an increase of $2.4 million (11.8%), compared to $20.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The weighted-average yield on interest-earning assets was 3.90% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to 3.81% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of the weighted-average yield for interest
earning assets was positively affected by approximately $200 thousand dollars of outstanding interest income received from the
payoff of one non-accruing commercial real estate loan with a balance of $522 thousand. The weighted-average cost of funds for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was 0.30%, compared to 0.27% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The impact
of the 3.90% return on interest earning assets and the 0.30% cost of funds resulted in an interest rate spread of 3.60% for the
current nine months, compared to 3.54% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015, total interest income increased by $2.6 million (12.3%) while total interest expense increased by $294 thousand (20.1%).
The net interest margin was 3.62% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.55% for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. On a tax equivalent basis, the Bancorp s net interest margin was 3.86% for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to 3.80% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Comparing the net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis
more accurately compares the returns on tax-exempt loans and securities to those on taxable interest-earning assets. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, interest income from loans increased by $2.7 million (15.7%), compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The change was primarily due to an increase in weighted average yield and average balances. The weighted-average yield on loans
outstanding was 4.48% for the current nine months, compared to 4.44% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Loan balances
averaged $584.3 million for the current nine months, an increase of $74.0 million (14.5%) from $510.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest income on securities and other interest bearing
balances increased by $1 thousand (0.02%), compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase
in weighted-average yield. The weighted-average yield on securities and other interest bearing balances was 2.53%, for the current
nine months, compared to 2.50% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Securities balances averaged $240.4 million for the
current nine months, up $10.6 million (4.6%) from $229.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Other interest
bearing balances averaged $3.7 million for the current period, down $11.0 million (74.8%) from $14.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense on deposits increased
by $228 thousand (21.0%) during the current nine months compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The change was due
to an increase in average balances and the weighted-average rate paid on deposits. The weighted-average rate paid on deposits
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 0.24%, compared to 0.22%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Total
deposit balances averaged $728.5 million for the current nine months, up $60.6 million (9.1%) from $667.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on borrowed funds increased by $66 thousand (17.5%) during the current nine
months due to higher average balances, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The weighted-average cost of borrowed
funds was 1.00% for the current nine months, compared to 0.98% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Borrowed funds averaged
$58.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $7.6 million (14.8%) from $51.3 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Noninterest income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $5.7 million, an increase of $398 thousand (7.5%) from $5.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. During the current nine months, fees and service charges totaled $2.14 million, an increase of $71 thousand (3.4%) from
$2.07 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in fees and service charges is the result of the Bancorp s
growing depository base. Fees from Wealth Management operations totaled $1.28 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, an increase of $15 thousand (1.2%) from $1.27 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in Wealth
Management income is related to market value changes in assets under management and the timing of one time fees. Gains from loan
sales totaled $1.1 million for the current nine months, an increase of $110 thousand (10.9%), compared to $1.0 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gains from the sale of loans is a result of increased demand. Gains from
the sale of securities totaled $700 thousand for the current nine months, an increase of $138 thousand (24.6%) from $562 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Current market conditions provided opportunities to manage securities cash flows,
while recognizing gains from the sales of securities. Income from an increase in the cash value of bank owned life insurance totaled
$354 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $27 thousand (8.3%), compared to $327 thousand for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Gains on foreclosed real estate totaled $80 thousand for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, an increase of $56 thousand (233.3%) from $24 thousand in gains for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Other
noninterest income totaled $18 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of 19 thousand (51.40%) from
$37 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Noninterest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $18.6 million, an increase of $1.1 million (6.3%) from $17.5 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. During the current nine months, compensation and benefits totaled $10.5 million, an increase of $791 thousand (8.1%)
from $9.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in compensation and benefits is the result of a continued
focus on talent management and retention as well as acquisition activity that occurred in the third quarter of 2015. Occupancy
and equipment totaled $2.8 million for the current nine months, an increase of $44 thousand (1.6%), compared to $2.7 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in occupancy and equipment expense is the result of higher building operating
expenses and acquisition activity that occurred in the third quarter of 2015. Data processing expense totaled $1.0 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $55 thousand (5.8%) from $950 thousand for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Data processing expense has increased as a result of increased system utilization. Federal deposit insurance premium
expense totaled $403 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $36 thousand (9.8%) from $367 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was the result of a larger asset base partially a result of the acquisition
activity from the third quarter of 2015. Marketing expense related to banking products totaled $352 thousand for the current nine
months, a decrease of $38 thousand (9.7%) from $390 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Bancorp continues
to proactively market its products, but varies its timing based on projected benefits and needs. Other expenses related to banking
operations totaled $3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $179 thousand (5.3%) from $3.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in other operating expenses is related to the establishment of a captive
insurance subsidiary during 2016. The Bancorp s efficiency ratio was 66.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to 69.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The ratio is determined by dividing total noninterest expense
by the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income for the period and the decrease can be attributed to higher net
interest income relative to higher noninterest income and noninterest expense. 

Income tax expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1.9 million, compared to income tax expense of $1.5 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $450 thousand (30.6%). The combined effective federal and state tax rates for the Bancorp was 22.0% for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 20.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Bancorp s
higher current period effective tax rate is a result of a larger increase to earnings relative to increased tax preferred income. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Critical accounting policies are those
accounting policies that management believes are most important to the portrayal of the Bancorp s financial condition and
that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. The Bancorp s critical accounting policies
from December 31, 2015 remain unchanged. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

 Statements contained in this report that
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. The words or phrases  would be,   will allow,   intends to,   will likely result, 
 are expected to,   will continue,   is anticipated,   estimate,   project, 
or similar expressions are also intended to identify  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act. The Bancorp cautions readers that forward-looking statements, including without limitation those
relating to the Bancorp s future business prospects, interest income and expense, net income, liquidity, and capital needs
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements, due to, among other things, factors identified in this report, including those identified in the Bancorp s
2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk      

 Not Applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures .   

The Bancorp maintains disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Sections 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)) of regulations promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Bancorp in the reports that it files or submits under the  Exchange Act  is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Bancorp in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Bancorp's management, including its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Bancorp's
chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluate the effectiveness of the Bancorp's disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of each quarter. Based on that evaluation as of September 30, 2016, the Bancorp s chief executive officer
and chief financial officer have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date  in
ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Bancorp under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms  .  

(b)  Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting . 

There was no change in the Bancorp's internal
control over financial reporting  identified in connection with the Bancorp s
evaluation of controls  that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bancorp's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - Other Information   

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings  

 There are no matters reportable under this item. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors   

 Not Applicable. 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds   

 On April 24, 2014 the Bancorp s Board
of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to 50,000 shares of the Bancorp s outstanding common
stock, from time to time and subject to market conditions, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock
repurchase program does not expire and is only limited by the number of shares that can be purchased. The stock repurchase program
will be reviewed annually by the Board of Directors. No shares were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
under the stock repurchase program. 

(1)  The stock repurchase program was announced on April 24, 2014,
                                         whereby the Bancorp is authorized to repurchase up to 50,000 shares of the Bancorp s
                                         common stock outstanding. There is no express expiration date for this program.   

Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

 There are no matters reportable under this item. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures  

 Not Applicable. 

Item 5.     Other Information  

 There are no matters reportable under this item. 

Item 6.     Exhibits  

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Description   

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
    Executive Officer.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
    Financial Officer.   
 
      32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certifications.   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from the Bancorp s
    Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in an XBRL Interactive Data File: (i) Consolidated
    Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity;
    (iv) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements, with detailed tagging of notes and financial statement schedules.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHWEST
    INDIANA BANCORP    

Date: October 24, 2016  
      /s/ Benjamin
    J. Bochnowski   

Benjamin J. Bochnowski   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: October 24, 2016  
      /s/ Robert
    T. Lowry   

Robert T. Lowry   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial   

Officer and Treasurer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450664_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Benjamin J. Bochnowski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NorthWest Indiana Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d   15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
    October 24, 2016  
      /s/
    Benjamin J. Bochnowski   

Benjamin J. Bochnowski   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450664_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Robert T. Lowry, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of NorthWest Indiana Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d   15 (f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
    October 24, 2016  
      /s/
    Robert T. Lowry   

Robert T. Lowry   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial   

Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450664_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of NorthWest Indiana Bancorp (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), each of Benjamin J. Bochnowski, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Robert T. Lowry, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 24, 2016  
      /s/
    Benjamin J. Bochnowski   

Benjamin J. Bochnowski   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Robert
    T. Lowry   

Robert T. Lowry   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial   

Officer and Treasurer   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to NorthWest Indiana Bancorp and will
be retained by NorthWest Indiana Bancorp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nwin-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nwin-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nwin-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nwin-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nwin-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nwin-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

