<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_33185_0000033185-16-000058_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6803008</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112652</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>376167</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2509145</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2650072</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>990323</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000033185-16-000058.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027163430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000033185-16-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQUIFAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033185
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTING, COLLECTION AGENCIES [7320]
		IRS NUMBER:				580401110
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06605
		FILM NUMBER:		161955927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1550 PEACHTREE ST NW
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4048858000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1550 PEACHTREE ST NW
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RETAIL CREDIT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000033185-16-000058.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 efx10q20160930.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from                                      to                                      . 
    
  Commission File Number: 001-06605 

EQUIFAX INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 Georgia 
    58-0401110 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
    Identification No.) 

404-885-8000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes              No        
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes              No        
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                     Large accelerated filer     x    
    Accelerated filer       
    Non-accelerated filer       
    Smaller reporting company       

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes             No        
    
  On   October 13, 2016  , there were   119,761,309   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

EQUIFAX INC. 
    
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
    
  QUARTER ENDED   September 30, 2016    
    
  INDEX 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This report contains information that may constitute  forward-looking statements.  Generally, the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate,   project,   will,   may  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements relating to future operating results, are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company s historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  and elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of such risks and uncertainties, we urge you not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

3 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

EQUIFAX INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    
    
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

    EQUIFAX INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    
    
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

EQUIFAX INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

EQUIFAX INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

EQUIFAX INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
    
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

8 

EQUIFAX INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
    
  (Unaudited) 

* At   September 30, 2016  ,   $667.2 million   was available for future purchases of common stock under our share repurchase authorization. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss consists of the following components: 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

9 

EQUIFAX INC. 
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
    
  September 30, 2016    
    
  As used herein, the terms Equifax, the Company, we, our and us refer to Equifax Inc., a Georgia corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only Equifax Inc. 

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Nature of Operations.     We collect, organize and manage various types of financial, demographic, employment and marketing information. Our services enable businesses to make credit and service decisions, manage their portfolio risk, automate or outsource certain human resources, employment tax and payroll-related business processes, and develop marketing strategies concerning consumers and commercial enterprises. We serve customers across a wide range of industries, including the financial services, mortgage, retail, telecommunications, utilities, automotive, brokerage, healthcare and insurance industries, as well as government agencies. We also enable consumers to manage and protect their financial health through a portfolio of products offered directly to consumers. We also provide information, technology and services to support debt collections and recovery management. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated in the following countries: Argentina,  Australia, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, India, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Paraguay, Peru, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom, or U.K., Uruguay, and the United States of America, or U.S. We also offer Equifax branded credit services in India and Russia through joint ventures, we have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in Cambodia, Malaysia and Singapore, and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in Brazil. 
    
  We develop, maintain and enhance secured proprietary information databases through the compilation of consumer specific data, including credit, income, employment, asset, liquidity, net worth and spending activity, and business data, including credit and business demographics, that we obtain from a variety of sources, such as credit granting institutions, public record information, income and tax information primarily from large to mid-sized companies in the U.S., and survey-based marketing information.  We process this information utilizing our proprietary information management systems. 
    
  Basis of Presentation.     The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, the instructions to Form 10-Q and applicable sections of SEC Regulation S-X. To understand our complete financial position and results, as defined by GAAP, this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (   2015   Form 10-K ). 
    
  Our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the periods presented and are of a normal recurring nature.  
    
  Earnings Per Share.     Our basic earnings per share, or EPS, is calculated as net income attributable to Equifax divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated to reflect the potential dilution that would occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and resulted in additional common shares outstanding. The net income amounts used in both our basic and diluted EPS calculations are the same. A reconciliation of the weighted-average outstanding shares used in the two calculations is as follows:  

For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the stock options that were anti-dilutive were   no  t material.  
    
    Accelerated Share Repurchase Program.     On October 24, 2014, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase( ASR ) program to repurchase shares of our common stock under our approved share repurchase program. Under the ASR  
  
   10 

program, the number of shares to be repurchased is based generally on the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock during the term of the ASR program. On October 24, 2014, we paid   $115 million   in exchange for an initial delivery of   1.4 million   shares to the Company, subject to a   10%  , or   $11.5 million  , holdback. On February 4, 2015, we settled the ASR by receiving approximately   0.02 million   additional shares, for a total shares received of   1.42 million   from the ASR. 
    
    Financial Instruments.     Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and short- and long-term debt. The carrying amounts of these items, other than long-term debt, approximate their fair market values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of our fixed-rate debt is determined using Level 2 inputs such as quoted market prices for publicly traded instruments, and for non-publicly traded instruments through valuation techniques depending on the specific characteristics of the debt instrument. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, based on observable inputs was   $2.6 billion   and   $1.2 billion  , respectively compared to its carrying value of   $2.4 billion   and   $1.1 billion  , respectively.  
    
  Derivatives and Hedging Activities  .   Although derivative financial instruments are not utilized for speculative purposes or as the Company s primary risk management tool, derivatives have been used as a risk management tool to hedge the Company s exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We have used interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements to manage interest rate risk associated with our fixed and floating-rate borrowings. Forward contracts on various foreign currencies have been used to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk of certain firm commitments denominated in foreign currencies. We recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivative valuations reflect the value of the instrument including the value associated with any material counterparty risk.  
    
    Economic Hedges.     In December 2015, in anticipation of the acquisition of Veda Group Limited ("Veda"), we purchased foreign currency options to buy Australian dollars with a weighted average strike price of   $0.7225   and a notional value of   1.0 billion   Australian dollars. These foreign currency options ("options") were designed to act as economic hedges for the pending Veda acquisition and have been marked to market. The options had an expiry date of February 18, 2016. We recorded a mark-to-market gain on the options of   $4.7 million   for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was recorded in other income (expense), net. The fair value of these options at December 31, 2015 were   $14.4 million  , and were recorded in other current assets, net, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. In January 2016, we purchased additional options for a notional amount of   1.0 billion   Australian dollars, with a weighted average strike price of   $0.7091  , with expiry dates of February 11, 2016 and February 16, 2016. We settled all of the options on the respective settlement dates in February 2016. We recognized a net loss of   $15.4 million   related to the options in the first quarter of 2016, which was recorded in other income (expense), net. 
    
  Fair Value Measurements.     Fair value is determined based on the assumptions marketplace participants use in pricing the asset or liability. We use a three level fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in valuation techniques between observable inputs that reflect quoted prices in active markets, inputs other than quoted prices with observable market data and unobservable data (e.g., a company s own data). 
    
  The following table presents items measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 
      Description 
      
    Fair Value of Assets 
  (Liabilities) at 
  September 30, 2016 
      
    Quoted Prices in 
  Active Markets for 
  Identical Assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant 
  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 3) 

(In millions) 
      Deferred Compensation Plan Assets   (1)  
      
    $ 
    28.1 

$ 
    28.1 

$ 

$ 

Deferred Compensation Plan Liability   (1)  
      
    (28.1 
    ) 

(28.1 
    ) 

Total 
      
    $ 

$ 
    28.1 

$ 
    (28.1 
    ) 
      
    $ 

(1)        We maintain deferred compensation plans that allow for certain management employees to defer the receipt of compensation (such as salary, incentive compensation and commissions) until a later date based on the terms of the plan. The liability representing benefits accrued for plan participants is valued at the quoted market prices of the participants  investment elections. The asset consists of mutual funds reflective of the participants  investment selections and is valued at daily quoted market prices. 
       
    Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis.     As disclosed in Note 3, we completed various acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The values of net assets acquired and the resulting goodwill were recorded at fair value using Level 3 inputs. The majority of the related current assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their carrying values as of the date of acquisition, as their carrying values approximated their fair values due  
  
   11 

to their short-term nature. The fair values of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets acquired in this acquisition were internally estimated primarily based on the income approach. The income approach estimates fair value based on the present value of the cash flows that the assets are expected to generate in the future. We developed internal estimates for the expected cash flows and discount rates in the present value calculations. The fair value of the equity method investment assets acquired were internally estimated based on the market approach. Under the market approach, we estimated fair value based on market multiples of comparable companies.  
    
    Other Current Assets.     Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets primarily represent amounts in specifically designated accounts that hold the funds that are due to customers from our debt collection and recovery management services. As of   September 30, 2016  , these assets were approximately   $23.8 million  , with a corresponding balance in other current liabilities. These amounts are restricted as to their current use, and will be released according to the specific customer agreements. Other current assets also include certain current tax accounts. 
    
  Variable Interest Entities.    We hold interests in certain entities, including credit data, information solutions and debt collections and recovery management ventures, that are considered variable interest entities, or VIEs.  These variable interests relate to ownership interests that require financial support for these entities.  Our investments related to these VIEs totaled   $14.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , representing our maximum exposure to loss, with the exception of the guarantees referenced in Note 6.  We are not the primary beneficiary and are not required to consolidate any of these VIEs, with the exception of a debt collections and recovery management venture, for which we meet the consolidation criteria under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810,   Consolidation  . In regards to that consolidated VIE, we have a   75%   equity ownership interest and control of the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance. The assets and liabilities of the VIE for which we are the primary beneficiary were not significant to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, and no gain or loss was recognized because of its consolidation. 
    
  In evaluating whether we have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, we consider the purpose for which the VIE was created, the importance of each of the activities in which it is engaged and our decision-making role, if any, in those activities that significantly determine the entity's economic performance as compared to other economic interest holders. This evaluation requires consideration of all facts and circumstances relevant to decision-making that affects the entity's future performance and the exercise of professional judgment in deciding which decision-making rights are most important. 
    
  In determining whether we have the right to receive benefits or the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE, we evaluate all of our economic interests in the entity, regardless of form (debt, equity, management and servicing fees, and other contractual arrangements). This evaluation considers all relevant factors of the entity's design, including: the entity's capital structure, contractual rights to earnings (losses), subordination of our interests relative to those of other investors, contingent payments, as well as other contractual arrangements that have the potential to be economically significant. The evaluation of each of these factors in reaching a conclusion about the potential significance of our economic interests is a matter that requires the exercise of professional judgment. 
  Certain of our VIEs have redeemable noncontrolling interests that are subject to classification outside of permanent equity on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The redeemable noncontrolling interests are reflected using the redemption method as of the balance sheet date. Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustments to the redemption values are reflected in retained earnings. The adjustment of redemption value at the period end that reflects a redemption value in excess of fair value is included as an adjustment to net income attributable to Equifax stockholders for the purposes of the calculation of earnings per share.   No  ne of the current period adjustments reflect a redemption in excess of fair value. Additionally, due to the immaterial balance of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, we have elected to maintain the noncontrolling interest in permanent equity, rather than temporary equity, within our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
    
  Other Assets.    Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets primarily represents our investment in unconsolidated affiliates, our cost method investment in Brazil, assets related to life insurance policies covering certain officers of the Company, and employee benefit trust assets.  
    
  Cost Method Investment.     We monitor the status of our cost method investment in order to determine if conditions exist or events and circumstances indicate that it may be impaired in that its carrying amount may exceed the fair value of the investment. Significant factors that are considered that could be indicative of an impairment include: changes in business strategy, market conditions, underperformance relative to historical or expected future operating results; and negative industry or economic trends. If potential indicators of impairment exist, we estimate the fair value of the investment using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and an evaluation of EBITDA multiples for comparable companies. If the carrying value of the investment exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recorded based on the amount by which the investment s  
  
   12 

carrying amount exceeds its fair value. We recorded an impairment of our cost method investment in the second quarter of 2015.  See Note 2 for further discussion. 
    
  Other Current Liabilities.     Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of corresponding amounts of other current assets, related to amounts in specifically designated accounts that hold the funds that are due to customers from our debt collection and recovery management services. As of   September 30, 2016  , these funds were approximately   $23.8 million  . These amounts are restricted as to their current use, and will be released according to the specific customer agreements. Other current liabilities also include various accrued liabilities such as interest expense, accrued employee benefits, accrued taxes, accrued payroll, and accrued legal expenses. 
    
  Change in Accounting Principle.     In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03  Interest - Imputation of Interest.  The guidance modified the presentation of debt issuance costs, to require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15 "Interest - Imputation of Interest", which updated the ASU 2015-03 guidance to state that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs relating to a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement.  For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those annual periods.  
    
  The Company has adopted the new guidance and retrospectively presented the debt issuance costs related to its long-term debt as a deduction from the carrying amount of the associated debt on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  The Company continues to present the debt issuance costs related to its revolving credit facilities as an asset on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This change did not affect the Company's consolidated statements of income, cash flows, or shareholders' equity. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements.        Statement of Cash Flows.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15 "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (Topic 230)". This standard provides guidance for eight targeted changes with respect to how cash receipts and cash payments are classified in the statements of cash flows, with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. The guidance is effective in 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impacts the adoption of this accounting standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Share-based payments.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)". This standard requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid-in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition, the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. The guidance is effective in 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Equity method investments.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 "Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323)". This standard eliminates the requirement that an investor retrospectively apply equity method accounting when an investment that it had accounted for by another method initially qualifies for the equity method. The guidance requires that an equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The guidance is effective in 2017 with early adoption permitted. The guidance will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842) . This standard requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current lease accounting. The guidance also eliminates current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. All entities will classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue and expense. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this standard on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  Reporting of Provisional Amounts in a Business Combination.   In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . This standard eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business  
  
   13 

combination. The new standard requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The prior period impact of the adjustment should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes. The guidance became effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
    Cloud Computing Arrangements.   In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05  Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.  The update provides criteria for customers in a cloud computing arrangement to use to determine whether the arrangement includes a license of software. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We have elected to adopt the standard prospectively.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-9, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." ASU 2014-9 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-9 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-9 was originally effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within that period, beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption was not permitted. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-9. The Company is evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this standard on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  

2. INVESTMENT IN BOA VISTA SERVICOS 
    
  We hold a   15%   equity interest in Boa Vista Servicos ("BVS"), which is the second largest consumer and commercial credit information company in Brazil. This investment is recorded in other assets, net, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is accounted for using the cost method. BVS is undergoing a process to issue new shares through which we expect our ownership interest to be diluted by approximately   1%  .  We do not expect this dilution to result in an impairment of our investment. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, we recorded a loss of   46 million   Reais (  $14.8 million  ) which is included in other (expense) income, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2015 our investment in BVS was recorded at   44 million   Brazilian Reais, which approximated the fair value. The fair value was determined by management using income and market approaches. The carrying value has decreased by   $36.8 million   related to the foreign exchange impact since 2011, which is included in the foreign currency translation adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income. As of   September 30, 2016  , our investment in BVS, recorded at   44 million   Reais (  $13.7 million  ), approximated the fair value.  

3. ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS 
    
  2016 Acquisitions and Investments.    On February 24, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of   100%   of the ordinary voting shares of Veda for cash consideration of approximately   $1.7 billion   (  2.4 billion   Australian dollars) and debt assumed of approximately   $189.5 million   (  261.9 million   Australian dollars). The acquisition provides a strong platform for Equifax to offer data and analytic services and further broaden the Company's geographic footprint. Veda stockholders received   2.825   Australian dollars in cash for each share of Veda common stock they owned. The Company financed the transaction with   $1.7 billion   of debt, consisting of commercial paper, an   $800 million     364  -Day revolving credit facility (the "364-Day Revolver"), and an   $800 million     three  -year delayed draw term loan facility (the "Term Loan"). Refer to Note 5 for further discussion on debt. Additionally, on August 23, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of   100%   of the assets and certain liabilities of unemployment tax and claims management specialists Barnett   Associates ("Barnett"), as well as the verifications business, Computersoft, LLC ("Computersoft").  
    
  The primary areas of the Veda purchase price that are not yet finalized are related to income taxes, provisions, unearned revenue, intangible assets, property and equipment, working capital, amortization and depreciation lives, and residual goodwill, including the allocation between reporting units. The primary areas of the Barnett and Computersoft purchase price that are not yet finalized are related to working capital and the allocation between reporting units. Accordingly, adjustments may be made to the values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed at the valuation date.  
  
   14 

The preliminary valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities at the date of the acquisition, include the following: 

(1)       Identifiable intangible assets are further disaggregated in the table below. 
            (2)   
    The goodwill related to Veda is included in the International segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill related to the Barnett and Computersoft acquisition is included in the Workforce Solutions segment and is deductible for tax purposes. 
      (3)       The Veda debt of   $191 million   was paid in full on March 10, 2016. 
    
  The primary reasons that the purchase price of the acquisitions exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired, which resulted in the recognition of goodwill, were attributable to new growth opportunities and the acquired assembled and trained workforce of Veda.  

Pro Forma Financial Information.   The following table presents unaudited consolidated pro forma information as if our acquisition of Veda had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The pro forma amounts may not be necessarily indicative of the operating revenues and results of operations had the acquisition actually taken place at the beginning of the earliest period presented. Furthermore, the pro forma information may not be indicative of future performance. 

15 

The unaudited pro forma financial information presented in the table above has been adjusted to give effect to adjustments that are (1) directly related to the business combination; (2) factually supportable; and (3) expected to have a continuing impact. These adjustments include, but are not limited to, the application of our accounting policies and depreciation and amortization related to fair value adjustments and intangible assets. 

4. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Goodwill.     Goodwill represents the cost in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We perform our annual goodwill impairment tests as of September 30. 
    
  Our annual goodwill impairment testing was completed during the third quarter of 2016. The estimated fair value for all reporting units exceeded the carrying value of those units as of September 30, 2016. As a result,   no   goodwill impairment was recorded. Refer to our methodology of fair value estimates as discussed in the  Application of Critical Accounting Policies  section in this Form 10-Q. 
    
  In the first quarter of 2016, we acquired Veda, which operates primarily in Australia and New Zealand. We have included Veda's operations within a newly-created Asia Pacific reporting unit within the International segment. Additionally, we moved the TDX Australia and India operations that were included in our Europe reporting unit to the Asia Pacific reporting unit to align with how we manage our business. Our financial results for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, reflect our new organizational structure. Additionally in 2016, we have renamed our Personal Solutions segment Global Consumer Solutions.  
    
  To reflect this new organizational structure, we have reallocated goodwill from the Europe reporting unit to the Asia Pacific reporting unit based on the relative fair values of the respective portions of Europe. A change in reporting units requires that goodwill be tested for impairment. During 2016, we performed goodwill impairment tests prior to and following the reallocation of goodwill, which resulted in   no   impairment. 
    
  In the third quarter of 2016, we acquired Barnett and Computersoft for which the acquired goodwill has been allocated between the Verification Services and Employer Services reporting units within the Workforce Solutions reportable segment. 
    
  Changes in the amount of goodwill for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , are as follows: 

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets.     Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of indefinite-lived reacquired rights representing the value of rights which we had granted to various affiliate credit reporting agencies that were reacquired in the U.S. and Canada. At the time we acquired these agreements, they were considered perpetual in nature under the accounting guidance in place at that time and, therefore, the useful lives are considered indefinite. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not  
  
   16 

amortized. We are required to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that there may be an impairment of the asset value. We perform our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test as of September 30. The estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded the carrying value as of September 30, 2015. As a result,   no   impairment was recorded. Our indefinite-lived intangible asset carrying amounts did not change materially during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Purchased Intangible Assets.     Purchased intangible assets represent the estimated acquisition date fair value of acquired intangible assets used in our business. Purchased data files represent the estimated acquisition date fair value of consumer credit files acquired primarily through the purchase of independent credit reporting agencies in the U.S. and Canada and the Veda acquisition. We expense the cost of modifying and updating credit files in the period such costs are incurred. Our reacquired rights represent the value of rights which we had granted to Computer Sciences Corporation that were reacquired in connection with the acquisition of certain assets of CSC Credit Services ( CSC Credit Services Acquisition ) in the fourth quarter of 2012. These reacquired rights are being amortized over the remaining term of the affiliation agreement on a straight-line basis until August 1, 2018. We amortize all of our purchased intangible assets on a straight-line basis. For additional information about the useful lives related to our purchased intangible assets, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  Purchased intangible assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

Amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets was   $47.5 million   and   $30.5 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets was   $130.3 million   and   $93 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Estimated future amortization expense related to definite-lived purchased intangible assets at   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

17 

5. DEBT 
    
  Debt outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows: 

Senior Credit Facilities.     We are party to a   $900.0 million     five  -year unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolver") and the Term Loan, an   $800.0 million   term loan facility (the Revolver and the Term Loan collectively, the "Senior Credit Facility"), with a group of financial institutions.  The Revolver also has an accordion feature that allows us to request an increase in the total commitment to   $1.2 billion  .  Borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchase programs. The Revolver and the Term Loan are scheduled to expire in   November 2020   and   November 2018  , respectively. Availability of the Revolver for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face amount of our commercial paper notes and by any letters of credit issued under the facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $0.5 million   of letters of credit outstanding. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   outstanding borrowings under the Revolver and   $467.8 million   was available for borrowing. 
    
  We were also a party to the 364-Day Revolver, which is an   $800.0 million   revolving credit facility. On May 16, 2016, we repaid all outstanding borrowings of   $475 million   and terminated the 364-Day Revolver using a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes discussed below. 
    
  Commercial Paper Program.     Our   $900.0 million   commercial paper program has been established through the private placement of commercial paper notes from time-to-time. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to   397   days. The commercial paper program is supported by our Revolver and, pursuant to our existing Board of Directors authorization, the total amount of commercial paper which may be issued is reduced by the amount of any outstanding borrowings under our Revolver. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $431.7 million   in commercial paper notes was outstanding, all with maturities of less than   90 days  . 
    
  2.3% and 3.25% Senior Notes.      On May 12, 2016, we issued $500.0 million principal amount of 2.3%, five-year senior notes and $275.0 million principal amount of 3.25%, ten-year senior notes in an underwritten public offering. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016. The net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our 364-Day Revolver and a portion of the borrowings under our commercial paper program incurred to finance the acquisition of Veda. We must comply with various non-financial covenants, including certain limitations on mortgages, liens and sale-leaseback transactions, as well as mergers and sales of substantially all of our assets. The senior notes are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.    
    
  For additional information about our debt agreements, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K.  

18 

6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Data Processing, Outsourcing Services and Other Agreements.    We have separate agreements with IBM, Tata Consultancy Services and others to outsource portions of our computer data processing operations, applications development, business continuity and recovery services, help desk service and desktop support functions, operation of our voice and data networks, maintenance and related functions and to provide certain other administrative and operational services. The agreements expire between   2016   and   2023  . The estimated aggregate minimum contractual obligation remaining under these agreements was approximately   $55 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , with no future year s minimum contractual obligation expected to exceed approximately   $35 million  . Annual payment obligations in regard to these agreements vary due to factors such as the volume of data processed; changes in our servicing needs as a result of new product offerings, acquisitions or divestitures; the introduction of significant new technologies; foreign currency; or the general rate of inflation. In certain circumstances (e.g., a change in control or for our convenience), we may terminate these data processing and outsourcing agreements and, in doing so, certain of these agreements require us to pay significant termination fees. 
    
  Guarantees and General Indemnifications.     We may issue standby letters of credit and performance bonds in the normal course of business. The aggregate notional amount of all performance bonds and standby letters of credit was not material at   September 30, 2016  , and all have a remaining maturity of   one   year or less. We may issue other guarantees in the ordinary course of business.  The maximum potential future payments we could be required to make under the guarantees in the ordinary course of business is not material at   September 30, 2016  . We have agreed to guarantee the liabilities and performance obligations (some of which have limitations) of a certain debt collections and recovery management VIE under its commercial agreements.  
    
  We have agreed to standard indemnification clauses in many of our lease agreements for office space, covering such things as tort, environmental and other liabilities that arise out of or relate to our use or occupancy of the leased premises. Certain of our credit agreements include provisions which require us to make payments to preserve an expected economic return to the lenders if that economic return is diminished due to certain changes in law or regulations. In conjunction with certain transactions, such as sales or purchases of operating assets or services in the ordinary course of business, or the disposition of certain assets or businesses, we sometimes provide routine indemnifications, the terms of which range in duration and sometimes are not limited. Additionally, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as directors or officers. The Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations. 
    
  We cannot reasonably estimate our potential future payments under the guarantees and indemnities and related provisions described above because we cannot predict when and under what circumstances these provisions may be triggered. We had no accruals related to guarantees and indemnities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Contingencies.     We are involved in legal and regulatory matters, government investigations, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We periodically assess our exposure related to these matters based on the information which is available. We have recorded accruals in our Consolidated Financial Statements for those matters in which it is probable that we have incurred a loss and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. These amounts do not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements, either individually or in the aggregate. 
    
  For additional information about these and other commitments and contingencies, see Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K.   

7. INCOME TAXES 
    
  We are subject to U.S. federal, state and international income taxes. We are generally no longer subject to federal, state, or international income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2011 with few exceptions. Due to the potential for resolution of state and foreign examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitations, it is reasonably possible that our gross unrecognized tax benefit balance may change within the next   twelve months   by a range of   $0   to   $6.8 million  . 
    
  Effective Tax Rate  .  Our effective income tax rate was   29.1%   and   30.8%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Our effective income tax rate was   32.1%   and   31.4%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.   In 2016, our foreign rate differential is more favorable than 2015 due to higher earnings in lower tax jurisdictions and the rationalization of the structure of foreign subsidiaries. The effective tax  
  
   19 

rate for the third quarter of 2016 also benefits from an increase of research and development tax credits. The 2015 tax rate benefited from other non-recurring permanent items including the settlement of escrow related to a past acquisition and state law changes that did not recur in 2016  .     

8. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component, after tax, for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , are as follows:  

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , are as follows:  
                           Details about accumulated other  comprehensive income components 
      
    Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
      
    Affected line item in  the statement where  net income is presented 

(In millions) 

Amortization of pension and other postretirement plan items: 

Prior service cost 
      
    $ 
    0.3 

(1) 
      Recognized actuarial loss 
      
    (11.1 
    ) 
      
    (1) 

(10.8 
    ) 
      
    Total before tax 

4.0 

Tax benefit 

$ 
    (6.8 
    ) 
      
    Net of tax 

(1)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (See Note 9 Benefit Plans for additional details). 
    
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income related to noncontrolling interests were not material as of   September 30, 2016  . 

9. BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  We sponsor defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans. For additional information about our benefit plans, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

20 

The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit cost, included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income, for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

10.  RESTRUCTURING CHARGES 
    
  In the first quarter of 2015, we recorded a   $20.7 million   restructuring charge (  $13.2 million  , net of tax) all of which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. This charge resulted from our continuing efforts to realign our internal resources to support the Company s strategic objectives and increase the integration of our global operations.  
  The restructuring charge primarily relates to a reduction of headcount of approximately   300   positions resulting in a charge of   $16.2 million  , which was accrued for under existing severance plans or statutory requirements. The remainder was related to costs associated with real estate exits of   $1.2 million   and other integration costs of   $3.3 million  . Generally, severance benefits for our U.S. and international employees are paid in the form of a lump sum cash payment according to the number of weeks of severance benefit provided to the employee. Payments related to the above restructuring charges were substantially completed in the first quarter of 2016. 

11. SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Organizational Realignment.   In the first quarter of   2016  , we acquired Veda, which operates primarily in Australia and New Zealand. We have included Veda's operations within a newly-created Asia Pacific reporting unit within the International reportable segment. Additionally, we moved the TDX Australia and India operations that were included in our Europe reporting unit, along with corporate assets including equity method investments in Russia and India, to the Asia Pacific reporting unit to align with how we manage our business. Our financial results for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , reflect our new organizational structure. Additionally in   2016  , we have renamed our Personal Solutions reportable segment Global Consumer Solutions. 

21 

Reportable Segments.     We manage our business and report our financial results through the following   four   reportable segments, which are the same as our operating segments: 
    
  -    U.S. Information Solutions ("USIS") 
  -    International 
  -    Workforce Solutions 
  -    Global Consumer Solutions 
    
  The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in our summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. We evaluate the performance of these reportable segments based on their operating revenues, operating income and operating margins, excluding unusual or infrequent items, if any. Inter-segment sales and transfers are not material for all periods presented. The measurement criteria for segment profit or loss and segment assets are substantially the same for each reportable segment. All transactions between segments are accounted for at fair market value or cost depending on the nature of the transaction, and no timing differences occur between segments. 
    
  A summary of segment products and services is as follows: 
    
  U.S. Information Solutions.     This segment includes consumer and commercial information services (such as credit information and credit scoring, credit modeling services and portfolio analytics (decisioning tools), which are derived from our databases of business credit and financial information, locate services, fraud detection and prevention services, identity verification services and other consulting services); mortgage loan origination information; financial marketing services; and identity management. 
    
  International.     This segment includes information services products, which includes consumer and commercial services (such as credit and financial information, credit scoring and credit modeling services), credit and other marketing products and services. In Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, we also provide information, technology and services to support debt collections and recovery management. 
    
  Workforce Solutions.     This segment includes employment, income and social security number verification services as well as complementary payroll-based transaction services and employment tax management services. 
    
  Global Consumer Solutions.     This segment includes credit information, credit monitoring and identity theft protection products sold directly and indirectly to consumers via the internet and in various hard-copy formats in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. 

22 

Operating revenue and operating income by operating segment during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Total assets by operating segment at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows: 

23 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  As used herein, the terms Equifax, the Company, we, our and us refer to Equifax Inc., a Georgia corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only Equifax Inc. 
    
  All references to earnings per share data in Management s Discussion and Analysis, or MD A, are to diluted earnings per share, or EPS, unless otherwise noted. Diluted EPS is calculated to reflect the potential dilution that would occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and resulted in additional common shares outstanding. 
    
  BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
    
  We are a leading global provider of information solutions, employment and income verifications and human resources business process outsourcing services. We leverage some of the largest sources of consumer and commercial data, along with advanced analytics and proprietary technology, to create customized insights which enable our business customers to grow faster, more efficiently and more profitably, and to inform and empower consumers. 
    
  Businesses rely on us for consumer and business credit intelligence, credit portfolio management, fraud detection, decisioning technology, marketing tools, and human resources-related services. We also offer a portfolio of products that enable individual consumers to manage their financial affairs and protect their identity. Our revenue stream is diversified among businesses across a wide range of industries, international geographies and individual consumers. 
    
  On February 24, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Veda for cash consideration of approximately $1.7 billion (2.4 billion Australian dollars) and debt assumed of approximately $189.5 million (261.9 million Australian dollars). We financed the cash portion of the purchase price through a combination of new debt, including the Term Loan, the 364-Day Revolver, and commercial paper.  Refer to Note 5 for further information on debt. 
    
  Segment and Geographic Information     
    
  Segments.     The USIS segment, the largest of our four segments, consists of three service lines: Online Information Solutions; Mortgage Solutions; and Financial Marketing Services. Online Information Solutions and Mortgage Solutions revenue is principally transaction-based and is derived from our sales of products such as consumer and commercial credit reporting and scoring, identity management, fraud detection and modeling services. USIS also markets certain decisioning software services, which facilitate and automate a variety of consumer and commercial credit-oriented decisions. Financial Marketing Services revenue is principally project and subscription based and is derived from our sales of batch credit and consumer wealth information such as those that assist clients in acquiring new customers, cross selling to existing customers and managing portfolio risk. 
    
  The International segment consists of Canada, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. Following the acquisition of Veda, we have created an Asia Pacific reporting unit which consists mainly of our Australia and New Zealand operations. Canada s services are similar to our USIS offerings, while Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America are made up of varying mixes of service lines that are in our USIS reportable segment. In Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, we also provide information and technology services to support lenders and other creditors in the collections and recovery management process. 
    
  The Workforce Solutions segment consists of the Verification Services and Employer Services business lines. Verification Services revenue is transaction-based and is derived primarily from employment and income verification. Employer Services revenues are derived from our provision of certain human resources business process outsourcing services that include both transaction and subscription based product offerings. These services include unemployment claims management, employment-based tax credit services and other complementary employment-based transaction services. 
    
  Global Consumer Solutions revenue is both transaction and subscription based and is derived from the sale of credit monitoring and identity theft protection products, which we deliver electronically to consumers primarily via the internet in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. We reach consumers directly and indirectly through partners. We also sell consumer and credit information to resellers who combine our information with other information to provide direct to consumer monitoring, reports and scores. 
     
  Geographic Information.     We currently have significant operations in the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, India, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Paraguay, Peru, Portugal, the Republic of Ireland, Spain, the U.K., Uruguay and the U.S. We also offer Equifax branded credit services in India and  
  
   24 

Russia through joint ventures, we have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in Cambodia, Malaysia and Singapore, and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in Brazil. 
    
  Key Performance Indicators.      Management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor operating and financial performance. These performance indicators include operating revenue, change in operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, net income attributable to Equifax, diluted earnings per share, cash provided by operating activities and capital expenditures. The key performance indicators for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Operational and Financial Highlights 

We did not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first nine months of 2016. At   September 30, 2016  , $  667.2 million   was available for future purchases of common stock under our share repurchase authorization. 

Business Environment and Company Outlook 
    
    Demand for our services tends to be correlated to general levels of economic activity and to consumer credit activity, both enhanced by our own initiatives to expand our products and markets served, and to small commercial credit and marketing activity. In the United States we expect modest growth in overall economic activity and consumer credit for the remainder of the year. Mortgage market origination activity is expected to be up double digits for the full year. Internationally, the environment continues to be challenging as various countries address their particular political, fiscal and economic issues. In addition, current foreign exchange rates, compared to the prior year, will negatively impact growth in revenue and profit when reported in U.S. dollars.    
       
    Over the long term, we expect that our ongoing investments in new product innovation, business execution, enterprise growth initiatives, technology infrastructure, and continuous process improvement will enable us to deliver long-term average organic revenue growth ranging between 6% and 8% with additional growth of 1% to 2% derived from strategic acquisitions consistent with our long term business strategy. We also expect to grow earnings per share at a somewhat faster rate than revenue over time as a result of both operating and financial leverage.     

25 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND 2015 
    
  Consolidated Financial Results 
    
  Operating Revenue  

Revenue   increased   by   $136.7 million   or   20%  , and   $346.5 million   or   17%  , in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.   The growth was driven by broad-based organic growth due to revenue increases in mortgage, healthcare, government and direct to consumer reseller verticals as well as the Veda acquisition. Total revenue was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates, which reduced revenue, on a constant currency basis, by $19.3 million, or 3%, and $55.3 million, or 3%, when compared to the third quarter and the first nine months of 2015, respectively.     
    
  Operating Expenses     

Cost of services increased   $61.5 million   and   $164.7 million   in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015.   The increase in the third quarter was due to higher production costs driven by higher revenues including the Veda acquisition, and an increase in people costs. The drivers of the increase for the first nine months of 2016 are the same as the third quarter of 2016 as well as an increase in technology costs. The impact of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $5.1 million and $15.6 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively.    
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense   increased     $16.2 million   and   $39.4 million   in the   third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015.  The increase was due to Veda selling, general and administrative expense, Veda integration and transaction costs and an overall increase in people costs. In addition to these items, the increase for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the prior year period was offset by the first quarter 2015 expense for the realignment of internal resources, that did not recur in 2016. The impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced our selling, general and administrative expenses by $6.1 million and $17.2 million   in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 increased by $21.2 million and $45.4 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to the Veda acquisition.    

26 

Operating Income and Operating Margin 

Total company operating margin   increased   in the   third quarter and first nine months of 2016 due to increased margins in our Workforce Solutions and USIS businesses, partially offset by the increase in the amortization of intangibles from the Veda acquisition.  
    
  Interest Expense and Other Income (Expense), net    

Interest expense   increased     for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015, due to an overall increase in our consolidated debt outstanding as of September 30, 2016 incurred to finance the Veda acquisition. Our average cost of debt decreased for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, compared to the prior year periods, due to the higher balance of low rate commercial paper outstanding and lower long-term rates related to the issuance of 2.3% and 3.25% Senior Notes.      
    
  Other income (expense), net, for the third quarter of 2016,     declined as compared to the prior year period, due primarily to the 2015 settlement of escrow amounts related to an acquisition from January 2014 which did not recur in 2016. For the first nine months of 2016, other income (expense), net declined as compared to the prior year period due to 2016 foreign exchange losses related to the Veda acquisition and the 2015 settlement of escrow described above, partially offset by the second quarter 2015 impairment of our cost method investment in Brazil which did not recur in 2016.  
    
  Income Taxes 

Our effective income tax rate was   29.1%     for the third quarter of     2016  , down from 30.8% for the third quarter of 2015.   The effective income tax rate was   32.1%     for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to   31.4%   for the same period in 2015.     In 2016, our foreign rate differential is more favorable than 2015 due to higher earnings in lower tax jurisdictions and the rationalization of the structure of foreign subsidiaries. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2016 also benefits from an increase of research and development tax credits. The 2015 tax rate benefited from other non-recurring permanent items including the settlement of escrow related to a past acquisition and state law changes that did not recur in 2016  .  

27 

Net Income 

Consolidated net income   increased   by $  15.2 million   or   13%   and   $48.5 million   or   15%   in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, due to increased operating income across all segments. This operating income increase was partially offset by increases in interest expense and a decrease in other income described above. 

Segment Financial Results 
    
  USIS 

USIS revenue   increased     9%   and   5%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods, driven by growth across our core credit decision services, core mortgage, identity and fraud solutions, marketing services and commercial business.       
  Online Information Solutions 
    
  Revenue for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016     increased     7%   and   5%     when compared to the prior year periods, respectively, driven by growth in our core credit decisioning, identity and fraud solutions and commercial businesses.       
  Mortgage Solutions 
    
  Revenue     increased   by   24%   and   10%     for the third quarter and first nine months of   2016  , respectively,   when compared to the prior year periods, primarily driven by growth in core mortgage, including new products.  
    
  Financial Marketing Services 
    
  Revenue   increased     3%   and   4%     for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods due to increases in marketing solutions and core credit marketing.  

28 

USIS Operating Margin 
    
  USIS operating margin increased from 40.0% in the third quarter of 2015 to 44.0% in the third quarter of 2016 and increased from 42.1% in the first nine months of 2015 to 43.1% in the first nine months of 2016 due to revenue growth and decreases in litigation costs, offset by increased people costs.     

International 

nm - not meaningful. 
    
  International revenue   increased     47%   and   39%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to prior year.    Local currency organic revenue growth for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, which excludes Veda revenue, was 10% and 12%, respectively, primarily driven by strong growth in Europe and Latin America. Local currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue by   $17.6 million   and   $51.7 million     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively.     
    
  Europe 
    
  On a local currency basis, revenue increased     16%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 primarily due to growth in U.K. debt management services and analytical services in the U.K. and Spain. Local currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue by     $8.5 million  , or   14%  , and   $15.0 million  , or   8%  ,   for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Reported revenue     increased     2%   and   8%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively.     
    
  Asia Pacific 
    
  Revenue growth of   $71.3 million   and   $167.1 million     for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods, was driven by the Veda acquisition.    
    
  Latin America 
    
  On a local currency basis, revenue increased     9%   and   12%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, driven by core organic growth primarily in Argentina and Chile. Local currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue by     $9.2 million  , or   18%  , and   $32.3 million  , or   21%  ,   in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, most notably due to depreciation in the foreign exchange rate of the Argentine peso. Reported revenue   decreased   by   9%     in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016.    

29 

Canada 
    
  On a local currency basis, revenue increased     3%   in   both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016     compared to the prior year periods due to core organic growth. Local currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar positively impacted revenue by     $0.1 million  , or less than   1%  , and negatively impacted revenue by   $4.4 million  , or   5%  ,   in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Reported revenue     increased   by   4%   and   decreased   by   2%     in the third quarter of 2016 and first nine months of 2016, respectively  . 
    
  International Operating Margin 
    
  Operating margin decreased from 19.6% in the third quarter of 2015 to 12.3% in the third quarter of  2016 and decreased from 19.7% in the first nine months of 2015 to 13.4% in the first nine months of 2016. The decline is explained by the increased purchased intangibles amortization and integration costs related to the Veda acquisition.    

Workforce Solutions    

Verification Services 
    
  Revenue     increased     23%   and   19%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to prior year, due to strong growth in mortgage, government, financial, pre-employment screening and auto verticals, and continued addition of new records to The Work Number database.     
    
  Employer Services 
    
  Revenue     increased     23%   and   27%     in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to prior year due to growth in our workforce analytics and other employer services businesses.  
    
  Workforce Solutions Operating Margin 
    
  Operating margin increased from 35.9% for the third quarter of 2015 to 40.8% for the third quarter of 2016 and increased from 38.2% in the first nine months of 2015 to 42.9% in the first nine months of 2016. Margin expansion was driven by strong revenue growth over the third quarter and first nine months of 2015.  

Global Consumer Solutions 

30 

Revenue     increased     12%   and   16%     for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to prior year.  Local currency revenue grew 14% and 17% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, due to the growth of the direct to consumer reseller business. Local currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $1.7 million, or 2%, and $3.4 million, or 1%, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Operating margin decreased from 28.3% in the third quarter of 2015 to 27.6% in the third quarter of 2016 and decreased from 27.8% in the first nine months of 2015 to 26.6% in the first nine months of 2016, due to changes in product mix and increases in partner implementation costs.     

General Corporate Expense    

Our general corporate expenses are unallocated costs that are incurred at the corporate level and include those expenses impacted by corporate direction, including shared services, technology, administrative, legal, restructuring, and the portion of management incentive compensation determined by total company-wide performance. General corporate expense increased     $4.8 million     in the third quarter due to increases in people costs.  General corporate expense decreased     $4.4 million     in the first nine months of 2016 due to 2015 expenses related to the realignment of internal resources from the first quarter of 2015 that did not recur in 2016, partially offset by the Veda transaction costs and integration costs as well as other increases in people costs. 

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
  Management assesses liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund operating, investing and financing activities. We continue to generate substantial cash from operating activities and remain in a strong financial position, with resources available for reinvestment in existing businesses, strategic acquisitions and managing our capital structure to meet short- and long-term objectives. 
    
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
    
  Funds generated by operating activities and our credit facilities continue to be our most significant sources of liquidity. We expect that funds generated from results of operations will be sufficient to finance our anticipated working capital and other cash requirements (such as capital expenditures, interest payments, potential pension funding contributions, acquisition and integration costs, and dividend payments) for the foreseeable future. If borrowings were needed, we would expect to borrow in the commercial paper or corporate bond markets; or in the event that credit market conditions were to deteriorate, we would rely more heavily on borrowings from the Revolver as described below. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $467.8 million   was available to borrow under our Revolver. Our Revolver does not include a provision under which lenders could refuse to allow us to borrow under the facility in the event of a material adverse change in our financial condition, as long as we are in compliance with the covenants contained in the credit agreement. 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

31 

Operating Activities 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities in the nine months end  ed   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $12.3 million     over the prior year, due to an increase in working capital mostly driven by an increase in accounts receivable, lower growth in current liabilities, excluding debt, compared to 2015 and partially offset by an increase in net income.     
    
  Fund Transfer Limitations.    The ability of certain of our subsidiaries and associated companies to transfer funds to the U.S. is limited, in some cases, by certain restrictions imposed by foreign governments. These restrictions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially limit our ability to service our indebtedness, meet our current obligations or pay dividends.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we held   $103.3 million   of cash in our foreign subsidiaries.  
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Capital Expenditures    

Our capital expenditures are used for developing, enhancing and deploying new and existing software in support of our expanding product set, replacing or adding facilities and equipment, updating systems for regulatory compliance, the licensing of software applications and investing in system reliability, security and disaster recovery enhancements. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2016 increased by   $37.4 million   from the same period in 2015 as we are continuing to invest in new services and technology infrastructure. 
    
  Acquisitions, Divestitures and Investments 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the ordinary voting shares of Veda for cash consideration of approximately $1.7 billion. 
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, we acquired a 75% equity interest investment in a debt collections and recovery management venture in the U.K.  
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, we settled all of the foreign currency options on the respective settlement dates for a net cash payment of $10.8 million.  
    
  We did not make significant investments in unconsolidated affiliates during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015.  

32 

Financing Activities 
    
  Borrowings and Credit Facility Availability    

Credit Facility Availability 
    
  Our principal unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of banks, which we refer to as the Revolver, permits us to borrow up to $900.0 million through November 2020. The Revolver may be used for general corporate purposes. Availability of the Revolver for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued under the facility and by the outstanding principal amount of our commercial paper (CP) notes.  
    
  Our $900.0 million CP program has been established to allow for borrowing through the private placement of CP with maturities ranging from overnight to 397 days. We may use the proceeds of CP for general corporate purposes. The CP program is supported by our Revolver and, pursuant to our existing Board of Directors authorization, the total amount of CP which may be issued is reduced by the amount of any outstanding borrowings under our Revolver.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $431.7 million   was outstanding under our CP program. At   September 30, 2016  , a total of   $467.8 million   was available under our Revolver. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , 67% of our debt was fixed-rate debt and 33% was effectively variable-rate debt. Our variable-rate debt consists of our commercial paper, which is generally issued for terms of 1 to 100 days. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rates on our variable-rate debt ranged from 0.76% to 1.65%. 
    
  Borrowing and Repayment Activity 
    
  Net short-term borrowings (repayments) primarily represent activity under our CP program and borrowings under the 364-Day Revolver. We primarily borrow under our CP program, as needed and availability allows.  
    
  The increase in net short-term borrowings (repayments) primarily reflects the net activity of CP notes in the first nine months of 2016, as well as the draw down on the 364-Day Revolver during the first quarter of 2016 and the pay off of the Veda assumed debt in the first quarter and the 364-Day Revolver during the second quarter of 2016. The net borrowings in the first nine months of 2015 represents the borrowings of CP notes. 
    
  On May 12, 2016, we issued $500.0 million principal amount of 2.3%, five-year senior notes and $275.0 million principal amount of 3.25%, ten-year senior notes in an underwritten public offering. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016. The net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our 364-Day Revolver and a portion of the borrowings under our commercial paper program incurred to finance the acquisition of Veda. We must comply with various non-financial covenants, including certain limitations on mortgages, liens and sale-leaseback transactions, as well as mergers and sales of substantially all of our assets. The senior notes are unsecured and rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. 
    
  Payments on long-term debt reflect $10 million, $200 million and $90 million payments made in the first, second and third quarters of 2016, respectively, on our Term Loan Facility. Borrowings on long-term debt reflect $800 million draw down in the first quarter of 2016 on our Term Loan Facility and the issuance of $500 million of senior notes due 2021 and $275 million of senior notes due 2026 during the second quarter of 2016, as discussed above. 
    
  Debt Covenants.    A downgrade in our credit ratings would increase the cost of borrowings under our CP program and Senior Credit Facilities, and could limit or, in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue CP. Our outstanding indentures and comparable instruments also contain customary covenants including, for example, limits on the  
  
   33 

incurrence of secured debt and sale/leaseback transactions. In addition, the Senior Credit Facilities limit the amount of subsidiary debt and the amount of debt secured by liens, and require us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of not more than 3.5 to 1.0.  As permitted under the terms of the Senior Credit Facilities, we made the election to increase the covenant to 4.0 to 1.0, effective for four consecutive quarters, beginning with the first quarter of 2016 and continuing through the fourth quarter of 2016. None of these covenants are considered restrictive to our operations and, as of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 
    
  We do not have any credit rating triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of our outstanding debt; however, our 6.3% Senior Notes due 2017, 2.3% Senior Notes due 2021, 3.3% Senior Notes due 2022, 3.25% Senior Notes due 2026 and 7.0% Senior Notes due 2037 (together, the  Senior Notes ) contain change of control provisions. If we experience a change of control or publicly announce our intention to effect a change of control and the rating on the Senior Notes is lowered by each of Standard   Poor s, or S P, and Moody s Investors Service, or Moody s, below an investment grade rating within 60 days of such change of control or notice thereof, we will be required to offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
   For additional information about our debt, including the terms of our financing arrangements, basis for variable interest rates and debt covenants, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  Equity Transactions 

Sources and uses of cash related to equity during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 
    
            -  
    During the first nine months of 2016, we did not repurchase any shares of our stock.   

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had $  667.2 million   remaining for stock repurchases under the existing Board authorization.  
    
  Contractual Obligations, Commercial Commitments and Other Contingencies 
    
  Our contractual obligations have not changed materially from those reported in our   2015   Form 10-K.  For additional information about certain obligations and contingencies, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  There have been no material changes with respect to our off-balance sheet arrangements from those presented in our   2015   Form 10-K, other than the closing of the Veda acquisition on February 24, 2016. 

34 

Benefit Plans 
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , our U.S. Retirement Income Plan, or USRIP, met or exceeded ERISA s minimum funding requirements. In the future, we expect to make minimum funding contributions as required and may make discretionary contributions, depending on certain circumstances, including market conditions and our liquidity needs. We believe additional funding contributions, if any, would not prevent us from continuing to meet our liquidity needs, which are primarily funded from cash flows generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and our committed Senior Credit Facilities. 
    
  For our non-U.S., tax-qualified retirement plans, we fund an amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements but no more than allowed as a tax deduction pursuant to applicable tax regulations. For our non-qualified supplementary retirement plans, we fund the benefits as they are paid to retired participants, but accrue the associated expense and liabilities in accordance with GAAP.   
    
  For additional information about our benefit plans, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  We experience seasonality in certain of our revenue streams. Revenue generated by the online consumer information services component of our USIS operating segment are typically the lowest during the first quarter, when consumer lending activity is at a seasonal low. Revenue generated from the Employer Services business unit within the Workforce Solutions operating segment is generally higher in the first quarter due primarily to the provision of Form W-2 preparation services which occur in the first quarter each year.  Revenue generated from our financial wealth asset products and data management services in our Financial Marketing Services business are generally higher in the fourth quarter each year due to the significant portion of our annual renewals and deliveries which occur in the fourth quarter of each year. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  For information about new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q and Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Consolidated Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The  Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  section in the MD A, and Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in our   2015   Form 10-K describe the significant accounting estimates and policies used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. 

35 

Goodwill 
    
  We review goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually (as of September 30) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance or trends, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. We have eight reporting units comprised of USIS (which includes part of Online Information Solutions, Mortgage Solutions and Financial Marketing Services), Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, Canada, Global Consumer Solutions, Verification Services and Employer Services. 
     
  The goodwill balance at September 30, 2016, for our eight reporting units was as follows: 

We performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing was necessary for our eight reporting units. In this qualitative assessment, we considered the following items for each of the reporting units: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other entity specific events. In addition, for each of these reporting units, the most recent fair value determination resulted in an amount that exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting units. Based on these assessments, we determined the likelihood that a current fair value determination would be less than the current carrying amount of the reporting unit is not more likely than not. As a result of our conclusions, no further testing was required for all of our reporting units. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  For information regarding our exposure to certain market risks, see  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,  in Part II, Item 7A of our   2015   Form 10-K. There were no material changes to our market risk exposure during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

36 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are involved in the following legal actions: 
    
  California Bankruptcy Litigation.   In consolidated actions filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, captioned   Terri N. White, et al. v. Equifax Information Services LLC, Jose Hernandez v. Equifax Information Services LLC, Kathryn L. Pike v. Equifax Information Services LLC, and Jose L. Acosta, Jr., et al. v. Trans Union LLC, et al.   , plaintiffs asserted that Equifax violated federal and state law (the FCRA, the California Credit Reporting Act and the California Unfair Competition Law) by failing to follow reasonable procedures to determine whether credit accounts are discharged in bankruptcy, including the method for updating the status of an account following a bankruptcy discharge. On August 20, 2008, the District Court approved a Settlement Agreement and Release providing for certain changes in the procedures used by defendants to record discharges in bankruptcy on consumer credit files. That settlement resolved claims for injunctive relief, but not plaintiffs  claims for damages. On May 7, 2009, the District Court issued an order preliminarily approving an agreement to settle remaining class claims. The District Court subsequently deferred final approval of the settlement and required the settling parties to send a supplemental notice to those class members who filed a claim and objected to the settlement or opted out, with the cost for the re-notice to be deducted from the plaintiffs  counsel fee award.   Mailing of the supplemental notice was completed on February 15, 2011. The deadline for this group of settling plaintiffs to provide additional documentation to support their damage claims or to opt-out of the settlement was March 31, 2011. On July 15, 2011, following another approval hearing, the District Court approved the settlement. Several objecting plaintiffs subsequently filed notices of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which, on April 22, 2013, issued an order remanding the case to the District Court for further proceedings. On January 21, 2014, the District Court denied the objecting plaintiffs  motion to disqualify counsel for the settling plaintiffs and granted the motion of counsel for the settling plaintiffs to be appointed as interim lead class counsel. On May 1, 2014, the District Court granted the objecting plaintiffs motion for leave to file an interlocutory appeal from the January 21, 2014 Order and the objectors filed a petition for permission to appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. On July 9, 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted the petition for permission to appeal. On March 28, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the District Court s lead counsel appointment and remanded the case to the District Court for further proceedings. The Objectors filed a Petition of Writ of Certiorari in the United States Supreme Court on August 3, 2016. That Petition remains pending. The parties have re-engaged in settlement discussions, including participation in mediation in August 2016. On September 19, 2016, the settling plaintiffs filed a motion to amend the Complaint to add additional plaintiffs and additional subclasses. The defendants are opposing that motion.  
     
  CFPB Investigations.   In February 2014, we received a Civil Investigative Demand (a  CID ) from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB  or the "Bureau") as part of its investigation to determine whether nationwide consumer reporting agencies have been or are engaging in unlawful acts or practices relating to the advertising, marketing, sale or provision of consumer reports, credit scores or credit monitoring products in violation of the Dodd Frank Act or the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The CID requested the production of documents and answers to written questions. A second CID was issued in July 2015, seeking additional documents and information. On September 7, 2016, the CFPB's Office of Enforcement informed the Company that it had received authority from Director Cordray to pursue a public enforcement action against the Company. The Company is currently engaged in discussions with the CFPB's Office of Enforcement about potentially settling the matter. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of the settlement discussions. If the settlement discussions are unsuccessful and the CFPB commences an action, it may seek restitution, civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief or other corrective action.  
    
  In June 2016, we received a CID from the CFPB as part of an investigation to determine whether Equifax Workforce Solutions has been or is engaging in unlawful acts or practices relating to the creation, provision, handling, advertising, marketing or sale of consumer reports or similar products or services in violation of the Dodd Frank Act or the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The CID requests the production of documents and answers to written questions.  We are cooperating with the CFPB in its investigation.  At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of this CFPB investigation, including whether the investigation will result in any action or proceeding against us. 
    
  Other.    Equifax has been named as a defendant in various other legal actions, including administrative claims, regulatory matters, government investigations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with our business. Some of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. We believe we have strong defenses to and, where appropriate, will vigorously contest, many of these matters. Given the number of these matters, some are likely to result in adverse judgments, penalties, injunctions, fines or other relief. We may explore potential settlements before a case is taken through trial because of the uncertainty and risks inherent in the litigation process.  
  
   37 

For information regarding our accounting for legal contingencies, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  The following table contains information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of Equifax or any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) (3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of our common stock during our   third   quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    The total number of shares purchased for the quarter includes shares surrendered, or deemed surrendered, in satisfaction of the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the exercise of employee stock options, totaling   1,494   shares for the month of July 2016,   2,100   shares for the month of August 2016, and   1,586   shares for the month of September 2016. 
       
           (2) 
    Average price paid per share for shares purchased as part of our share repurchase program (includes brokerage commissions). 
       
           (3) 
    At   September 30, 2016  , the amount authorized for future share repurchases under the share repurchase program was $  667.2 million  . The program does not have a stated expiration date. 
       
  Dividend and Share Repurchase Restrictions 
    
  Our Senior Credit Facilities restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock or repurchase capital stock if a default or event of default exists or would result, according to the terms of the applicable credit agreements. 

38 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
    
                     Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  
      101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

39 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Equifax Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Richard F. Smith 

Richard F. Smith 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ John W. Gamble, Jr. 

John W. Gamble, Jr. 

Corporate Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ Nuala M. King 

Nuala M. King 

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

40 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
    
                     Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  
      101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Richard F. Smith, certify that:  
                   1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Equifax Inc.; 
      2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
      3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
      4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
        
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
      5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
        
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Richard F. Smith 
        
    Richard F. Smith 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 

I, John W. Gamble, Jr., certify that:  
                   1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Equifax Inc.; 
      2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
      3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
      4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
        
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
      5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
        
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ John W. Gamble, Jr. 
        
    John W. Gamble, Jr. 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Equifax Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard F. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
    
  (1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                 Date: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Richard F. Smith 
        
    Richard F. Smith 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Equifax Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,  John W. Gamble, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
    
  (1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                 Date: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ John W. Gamble, Jr. 
        
    John W. Gamble, Jr. 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 efx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 efx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 efx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 efx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 efx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 efx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

