<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1618694_0001618694-16-000115_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5866267</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223187</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2745164</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2647593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001618694-16-000115.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114150603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001618694-16-000115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618694
		IRS NUMBER:				472016837
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01094
		FILM NUMBER:		161994051

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-492-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund - Series 2015 T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140917

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund Series 2015-L
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140904

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001618694-16-000115.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 ccif2016t10q2016q3.htm
 10-Q FOR THE FISCAL QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

Commission file number:   814-01094 
  
  CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                   Delaware 
      
    47-2016837 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
      50 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 
      
    10020 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code (212) 492-1100 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         Do not check if smaller reporting company 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  The number of the Registrant's common shares outstanding as of   November 8, 2016   was   10,087,622  . 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  INDEX 

1 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or this   Report  , including    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Item 2 of Part I    of this   Report  , contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "  Securities Act  ") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "  Exchange Act  "). These forward-looking statements generally are characterized by the use of terms such as "may," "should," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "predict," "believe," "expect," "will," "will be," and "project" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: increased direct competition; changes in government regulations; changes in local, national, and global economic conditions and capital market conditions; availability of proceeds from our offering of common shares; and the performance of the   Master Fund   and its common shares that we own. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. You should exercise caution in relying on forward-looking statements as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may materially affect our future results, performance, achievements, or transactions. Information on factors which could impact actual results and cause them to differ from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in this   Report   as well as in our other filings with the   SEC  , including but not limited to those described in    Part II. Item 1A Risk Factors    of this   Report   and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, that was filed on   March 16, 2016  . Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risks are likely to emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of future results, which apply only as of the date of this   Report  , unless noted otherwise. Except as may be required by federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the   SEC  , we do not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in    Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors    of this   Report   and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, that was filed on   March 16, 2016  . The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this   Report   are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the   Securities Act   and Section 21E of the   Exchange Act  . 
  All references to "  Note  " or "  Notes  " throughout this   Report   refer to the notes to the financial statements of the registrant in    Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)   . 
  Unless otherwise noted, the terms "we," "us," "our," and "Company" refer to   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T  . All capitalized terms have the same meaning as defined in the   Notes  . 
  
   2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
   
  CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

3 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

______________  
           (1) 
    Operating expenses solely represent the   Company  's operating expenses and do not include the   Company  's proportionate share of the   Master Fund  's operating expenses.  
     See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share amounts)    

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

5 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
     (in thousands) 
                               
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Period from July 24, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 
      Operating activities 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 
    $ 
    3,633 

$ 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Purchase of investments in Carey Credit Income Fund 
    (75,661 
    ) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation on investment 
    (2,086 
    ) 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Due from Advisors 

(52 
    ) 
          Deferred offering cost 
    (646 
    ) 

Dividend income receivable 
    33 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    28 

3 
      
          Accrued professional services fees 
    19 

67 
      
          Due to Advisors 
    452 

Accrued offering expenses 
    172 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
    (74,056 
    ) 
      
    18 

Financing activities 

Issuance of Common Shares 
    $ 
    76,071 

$ 

Distributions paid 
    (909 
    ) 

Repurchase of Common Shares 
    (5 
    ) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
    75,157 

Net increase in cash 
    1,101 

18 
      
      Cash, beginning of period 
    41 

Cash, end of period 
    $ 
    1,142 

$ 
    18 
      
      Supplemental information: 

Distributions reinvested 
    $ 
    910 

$ 

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

6 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T    
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  Note 1. Principal Business and Organization 
    Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   (the "  Company  ") was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on   September 5, 2014  .    The   Company  's investment objectives are to provide its shareholders with current income, capital preservation, and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation by investing substantially all of its equity capital in Carey Credit Income Fund (the "  Master Fund  "). The   Company   is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company that elected to be treated as a business development company (a "  BDC  ") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "  1940 Act  "). 
  The   Master Fund   has elected to be treated as a   BDC   under the   1940 Act   and it has the same investment objectives as the Company. The   Master Fund   is externally managed by Carey Credit Advisors, LLC (the "  Advisor  "), an affiliate of W. P. Carey Inc. ("  WPC  "), and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ("  GPIM  ") (collectively the "  Advisors  "), which are responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the   Master Fund   s investment portfolio. Both   Advisors   are registered as investment advisers with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("  SEC  "). The   Advisor   also provides the administrative services necessary for the operations of the   Company   and the   Master Fund  . The   Master Fund   commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. The   Master Fund  's consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the   Company  's financial statements and should be read in their entirety. 
  The   Company   is currently offering and selling its common shares ("  Shares  " or "  Common Shares  ") pursuant to a registration statement on Form N-2 (the    Registration Statement   ) covering its continuous public offering of up to   104,712,041     Common Shares   (the    Public Offering   ). The   Company   will continue to acquire   Master Fund   common shares in a continuous series of private placement transactions with the proceeds from its Public Offering (see    Note 5. Common Shares   ). The Company issued and sold its initial Shares on   October 8, 2015   and then commenced investment operations.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the   Company   owned   57.2%   of the   Master Fund  's outstanding common shares. 
   
  Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  Management has determined that the   Company   meets the definition of an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   ) Accounting Standards Codification (   ASC   ) Topic 946     Financial Services   Investment Companies   (   ASC Topic 946   ). 
  The   Company  's interim financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and the disclosure requirements stipulated in Articles 6 and 10 of Regulation S-X, and therefore do not necessarily include all information and notes necessary for a fair statement of financial position and results of operations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("  GAAP  "). In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial information for the interim period presented in this   Report   reflects all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of financial position and results from operations. Operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. The   Company  's unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the   Master Fund  's unaudited consolidated financial statements; the   Master Fund  's quarterly report on Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference and filed as an exhibit to this Report. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation with no effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with   GAAP   requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period, and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
  Cash 
  Cash consists of demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution and the amount recorded on the statements of assets and liabilities may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
  
   7 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Valuation of Investments  
  The   Company   invests substantially all of its equity capital in the purchase of the   Master Fund  's common shares and its primary investment position is common shares of the   Master Fund  .  The   Company   determines the fair value of the   Master Fund  's common shares as the   Master Fund  's net asset value per common share (as determined by the   Master Fund  ) multiplied by the number of   Master Fund   common shares owned by the   Company  . 
  Transactions with Master Fund 
  Distributions received from the Master Fund are recorded on the record date.  Distributions received from the Master Fund are recognized as dividend income in the current period, a portion of which may be subject to a change in characterization in future periods, including the potential for reclassification to realized gains and return of capital. The Company's transactions with the Master Fund are recorded on the effective date of the subscription in or the redemption from the Master Fund. Realized gains and losses from the Company's transactions with the Master Fund are calculated on the specific share identification basis. 
  Organization and Offering Expenses 
  Organization expenses are expensed on the   Company  's statements of operations. Continuous offering expenses are capitalized monthly on the   Company  's statements of assets and liabilities as deferred offering expenses and expensed to the   Company  's statements of operations over a 12-month period. 
  Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Fees 
    Beginning in the first calendar quarter after the close of the Company's Public Offering of Common Shares, the Company will incur an additional operating expense, specifically distribution and shareholder servicing fees, to compensate the dealer manager of the Company's Public Offering, participating broker-dealers and investment representatives for services and expenses related to the marketing, sale and distribution of the Company's Common Shares, and/or for providing shareholder services. The distribution and shareholder servicing fees will accrue daily and will be recorded on the statements of operations.  The distribution and shareholder servicing fees will be computed at the daily rate of 0.002466% (  i.e.   annual rate of 0.90%) of the product of (i) the weighted average net price of Common Shares sold in the Public Offering, excluding Common Shares issued under the Company's distribution reinvestment plan ("DRP Shares"), and (ii) the number of Common Shares, excluding DRP Shares, outstanding on each day. This operating expense, when incurred, will be borne equally among all of the Company's outstanding Shares.   The   Company   will cease to incur the distribution and shareholder servicing fees at the earlier of: (i) the date at which the underwriting compensation from all sources, including the distribution and shareholder servicing fees, any organization and offering fees paid to Carey Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "  Dealer Manager  ") for underwriting, and underwriting compensation paid directly by the shareholders and the   Company  , equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the   Company  's initial Public Offering of   Common Shares  , excluding proceeds from Common Share sales pursuant to the   Company  's distribution reinvestment plan; and (ii) the date at which a liquidity event occurs.    
  Earnings per Common Share 
  Earnings per Common Share is calculated based upon the weighted average number of   Common Shares   outstanding during the reporting period. 
  Distributions to the Company's Shareholders 
  Distributions to the   Company  's shareholders are recorded as a liability as of the record date. 
  Federal Income Taxes 
  The   Company   intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and thereafter intends to maintain its qualification, as a Regulated Investment Company ("  RIC  ") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "  Code  "). Generally, a   RIC   is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes dividends in a timely manner out of assets legally available for distributions to its shareholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90% of its  Investment Company Taxable Income,  as defined in the   Code  . The   Company   intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain its   RIC   status each year and it does not anticipate paying a material level of federal income taxes.  
  The   Company   is generally subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of its capital gain net income (  i.e.  , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which the   Company   paid no federal income tax. The   Company   may, at its discretion, pay a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution of taxable ordinary income and capital gains. 
  
   8 

Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Note 3.  Investments 
  Below is a summary of the   Company  's investment in the   Master Fund  , a related party (in thousands): 

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    Weighted average shares owned of the Master Fund is computed as the weighted average shares owned from January 1   st    of the year noted to the corresponding as of date.  
     Restricted Securities 
  The   Master Fund   does not currently intend to list its common shares on any securities exchange and it does not expect a secondary market to develop for its issued and outstanding common shares. As a result, the   Company  's ability to sell its   Master Fund   common shares is limited. Because the   Master Fund   common shares are being acquired in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are "restricted securities" and may be required to be held indefinitely.   Master Fund   common shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) the   Master Fund  's consent is granted, and (ii) the   Master Fund   common shares are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the   Master Fund  's shareholder may, at the Master Fund's option, be required to provide the   Master Fund   with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the   Master Fund  , that registration is not required). Accordingly, a shareholder in the   Master Fund  , including the   Company  , must be willing to bear the economic risk of investing in the   Master Fund  . No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the   Master Fund  's common shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on the   Master Fund  's books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the   Master Fund   common shares and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by the   Master Fund  . 
  Share Repurchase Program 
          The   Master Fund   has implemented a share repurchase program, whereby each calendar quarter it offers to repurchase up to 2.5% of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the prior four calendar quarters at a price estimated to be equal to its net asset value per common share as of the end of the preceding calendar quarter. The   Master Fund  's Board of Trustees may amend, suspend, or terminate the share repurchase program upon 30 days' notice. 
   
  Note 4.  Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
  All of the   Company   s executive officers, except its chief executive officer and chief compliance officer, also serve as executive officers of the   Advisor  .  Its chief executive officer also serves as chief executive officer of   WPC  , the   Advisor  's ultimate parent.  The memberships of the Board of Trustees of the   Company   and the   Master Fund   are identical and consequently the   Company   and the   Master Fund   are related parties. All of the   Company  's executive officers also serve as executive officers of the   Master Fund  .  
  The   Company   has entered into agreements with the   Advisor   whereby the   Company   agrees to (i) receive expense support payments and (ii) reimburse certain expenses of, and to pay for, administrative, expense support, organization and offerings costs incurred on the   Company  's behalf. The   Company   has entered into an agreement with the   Dealer Manager  , an affiliate of the   Advisor  , to compensate it for capital market services in connection with the marketing and distribution of the   Company  's Shares. The   Company   has entered into an agreement with   GPIM   whereby the   Company   agrees to (i) receive expense support payments, and (ii) to reimburse it for certain expenses such as expense support and organization and offering costs incurred on the   Company  's behalf. 
  Administrative Services Agreement 
  On October 3, 2016, the   Company   entered into an amended and restated administrative services agreement with the   Advisor    (the "  Administrative Services Agreement  ") whereby the   Advisor   agreed to provide administrative services to the   Company  , including office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping, and record-keeping services.  More specifically, the   Advisor  , serving as the administrator (the "Administrator"), performs and oversees the   Company  's required administrative services, which include financial and corporate record-keeping, preparing and disseminating the   Company  's reports to its shareholders, and filing reports with the   SEC  .  In addition, the   Advisor   assists in determining net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of tax returns, oversees the payment of expenses and distributions, and oversees the performance of administrative and professional services fees rendered by others. For providing these services, facilities, and personnel, the   Company   reimburses the   Advisor   the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the   Advisor   in performing its obligations under the   Administrative Services Agreement  .  Prior to October 7, 2015, the   Company   had no obligation to reimburse the   Advisor   for any services or other  
  
   9 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

expenses incurred directly by the   Advisor   or its affiliates, excluding any expenses of third-party service providers incurred by the   Advisor   or its affiliates on the   Company  's behalf. 
  Unless earlier terminated, the   Administrative Services Agreement   will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the   Company  's Board of Trustees and the   Company  's Independent Trustees. 
  Dealer Manager Agreement 
  On July 17, 2015, the   Company   entered into an amended and restated dealer manager agreement  (the "  Dealer Manager Agreement  ") with the   Dealer Manager   and the   Master Fund  . Under the terms of the   Dealer Manager Agreement  , the   Dealer Manager   is to act on a best efforts basis as the exclusive dealer manager for (i) the   Company  's Public Offering of   Common Shares   and (ii) the public offering of Common Shares for future feeder funds affiliated with the   Master Fund  .  The   Company  , not the   Master Fund  , is responsible for the compensation of the   Dealer Manager   pursuant to the terms of the   Dealer Manager Agreement  . Beginning in the first calendar quarter after the close of the Company's Public Offering of Common Shares, the Company will incur an additional operating expense, specifically distribution and shareholder servicing fees, to compensate the Dealer Manager for services and expenses related to the marketing, sale and distribution of the Company's Common Shares, and/or for providing shareholder services. 
  Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement 
  On August 17, 2015, the   Company   entered into an organization and offering expense reimbursement agreement (the "  O O Agreement  ") with the   Advisors  .  Under the   O O Agreement   the   Company   reimburses the   Advisors   for organization and offering costs incurred on the   Company  's behalf, including, but not limited to, legal services, audit services, printer services, and the registration of securities under the   Securities Act  .  The reimbursement of organization and offering expenses is conditional on the   Company  's receipt of equity capital from the sale of its   Common Shares  . Any such reimbursement will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the   Advisors   and their affiliates.  The   Advisors   will be responsible for the payment of the   Company  's cumulative organization and offering expenses to the extent they exceed 1.5% of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of the   Company  's   Common Shares  , without recourse against or reimbursement by the   Company  . In 2015, the   Advisors   waived reimbursement in connection with equity raised during the months of November and December and the reimbursement waiver expired on December 31, 2015.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the   Advisors   have incurred organization and offering costs on behalf of the   Company  , net of reimbursements received from the   Company  , in the approximate amount of $  1.8 million  .  Under the terms of the   O O Agreement  , the   Company   is obligated to reimburse the Advisors for these organization and offering expenses solely in connection with the capital raise activity of our Public Offering. 
  Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
    Pursuant to an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement executed on July 24, 2015 by and between the   Advisors   and the   Company   (the "  Expense Support Agreement  "), the   Advisors   have agreed to reimburse the   Company   for expenses in an amount that is sufficient to ensure that no portion of the   Company  's distributions to shareholders will be paid from Common Share offering proceeds or borrowings. The   Advisors   agreed to reimburse the   Company   monthly for expenses in an amount equal to the difference between the   Company  's cumulative distributions paid to its shareholders in each month less the sum of the   Company  's estimated investment company taxable income and net capital gains in each month.  
  Pursuant to the   Expense Support Agreement  , the   Company   has a conditional obligation to reimburse the   Advisors   for any amounts funded by the   Advisors   under this arrangement if (and only to the extent that), during any month occurring within three years of the date on which the   Advisors   funded such amount, the sum of the   Company  's estimated investment company taxable income and net capital gains exceeds the ordinary cash distributions paid by the   Company   to its shareholders; provided, however, that (i) the   Company   will only reimburse the   Advisors   for expense support payments made by the   Advisors   to the extent that the payment of such reimbursement (together with any other reimbursement paid during such fiscal year) does not cause "other operating expenses" (as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any expense support reimbursement payments received by the   Company   during such fiscal year) to exceed the lesser of (A) 1.75% of the   Company  's average net assets attributable to its   Common Shares   for the fiscal year-to-date period after taking such payments into account and (B) the percentage of the   Company  's average net assets attributable to its   Common Shares   represented by "other operating expenses" during the fiscal year in which such expense support payment from the   Advisors   was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) will not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense support payment from the   Advisors   made during the same fiscal year); and (ii) the   Company   will not reimburse the   Advisors   for expense support payments made by the   Advisors   if the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the   Company   at the time of such reimbursement payment is less than the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the   Company   at the time the Advisors made the expense support payment to which such reimbursement payment relates. "Other operating expenses" means the   Company  's total "operating expenses" (as defined below), excluding an investment advisory fee, a performance-based incentive fee, organization and offering expenses, distribution and shareholder servicing fees, interest expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. "Operating expenses" means all operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with   GAAP   for investment companies.  
  
   10 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The   Company   or the   Advisors   may terminate the   Expense Support Agreement   at any time. The   Expense Support Agreement   will automatically terminate (i) if the   Company   terminates the investment advisory agreement, (ii) if the   Company  's Board of Trustees makes a determination to dissolve or liquidate the   Company   or (iii) upon a liquidity event of the   Company  , including but not limited to (1) a listing of the    Common Shares   on a national securities exchange, (2) the sale of all or substantially all of the   Company  's assets either on a complete portfolio basis or individually followed by a liquidation or (3) a merger or another transaction approved by the Board of Trustees in which shareholders will likely receive cash or shares of a publicly-traded company. 
  The specific amount of   Advisors  ' expense support obligation is determined at the end of each month. Upon termination of the   Expense Support Agreement   by the   Advisors  , they are required to fund any amounts accrued thereunder as of the date of termination. Similarly, the conditional obligation of the   Company   to reimburse the   Advisors   pursuant to the terms of the   Expense Support Agreement   shall survive the termination of such agreement by either party. There can be no assurance that the   Expense Support Agreement   will remain in effect or that the   Advisors   will reimburse any portion of the   Company  's expenses in future months. 
  The table below presents a summary of all monthly expenses supported by the   Advisors   and the associated dates through which such expenses are eligible for reimbursement by the   Company   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Other operating expenses include all expenses borne by the   Company   excluding organization and offering costs, an investment advisory fee, a performance-based incentive fee, financing fees and costs, and interest expense. "NM" means not measurable in these months due to the absence of a positive value for Average Net Assets. 
              (2) 
    "Annualized Regular Cash Distribution Rate/Share, Declared" equals the annualized rate of average weekly distributions per Share that were declared with record dates in the subject month immediately prior to the date the expenses support payment obligation was incurred by the   Advisors  . Regular cash distributions do not include declared special cash or share distributions, if any. 
              (3) 
    In September 2016 and December 2015, the Advisors' year-to-date expense support obligation was reduced after adjusting for the Master Fund's periodic distributions to the Company and a decrease in estimated professional services fees. 
       
  Summary of Related Party Transactions for the Three and Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and for the period from July 24, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 
  The following table presents the related party fees, expenses, and transactions for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and for the period from July 24, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 (in thousands); related party transactions between the   Company   and the   Master Fund   in connection with   Common Shares   purchases, sales, and distributions are disclosed elsewhere in financial statements: 
  
   11 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Indemnification 
  The   Administrative Services Agreement   provides certain indemnification to the Administrator, its directors, officers, persons associated with the Administrator, and its affiliates. In addition, the   Company  's Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents, and certain other persons. The   Dealer Manager Agreement   provides for certain indemnifications from the   Company   (with respect to the primary offering of its   Common Shares  ) to the   Dealer Manager  , any selected dealers and their respective officers, directors, employees, members, affiliates, agents, representatives, and, if any, each person who controls such person or entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the   Securities Act   or Section 20 of the   Exchange Act  .  Such indemnifications are subject to certain limitations as provided for in the   Company   s Declaration of Trust and the North American Securities Administrators Association Guidelines and are considered customary by management.  As of   September 30, 2016  , management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnification is remote. 
   
  Note 5. Common Shares 
  The   Company  's   Registration Statement   pertaining to its initial public offering of   104,712,041     Common Shares   at an initial public offering price of $  9.55   per Common Share was declared effective on   July 24, 2015  .  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   the public offering price of the   Company  's   Common Shares   ranged from a low of $9.25 per Common Share to a high of $9.80 per Common Share. From   July 24, 2015   (inception) through   September 30, 2015   there were no revisions to the public offering price. 
  The following table summarizes the total   Common Shares   issued, before share repurchase activity, and proceeds received in connection with the   Company  's Public Offering for (i) the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and (ii) the period commencing on   July 24, 2015   and ending   September 30, 2016   (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

On July 29, 2016, the   Company   filed a tender offer statement with the SEC on Schedule TO. The   Company   offered to purchase up to 36,822   Common Shares   at a cash price of $8.89 per Common Share.  The tender offer expired on September 9, 2016. A total of 600 Shares was validly tendered for an aggregate purchase price of less than $0.1 million. 

12 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The following table is a summary of the share repurchases completed during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and  the period commencing on   July 24, 2015   and ending   September 30, 2016   (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Note 6. Distributions 
  The following table presents the cash distributions per Common Share per week that the   Company   paid on its   Common Shares   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  No distributions were paid or accrued during the period from   July 24, 2015   (inception through   September 30, 2015   (in thousands, except per share amounts):  

Note 7.  Earnings Per Common Share 
  The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (  i.e.,   earnings per Common Share) for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands, except share and per share data):  

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Earnings per Common Share, both basic and diluted, were equivalent during the period because there were no Common Share equivalents outstanding in the period. 
      
  Note 8. Financial Highlights 
  The following per Common Share data and financial ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements. The following is a schedule of financial highlights during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ; the financial highlights for the period from July 24, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 have been omitted from these unaudited financial statements since the Company had not sold any Common Shares and it had not started investment operations as of September 30, 2015. 
  
   13 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended 
        
    September 30, 2016 
      PER COMMON SHARE OPERATING PERFORMANCE 
      
      Net asset value, beginning of period 
    $ 
    8.68 
      
               Net investment income    (1)  
    0.41 
      
               Net unrealized gains    (2)  
    0.47 
      
               Net increase resulting from operations 
    0.88 
      
      Distributions to common shareholders 
      
              Distributions from net investment income    (3)  
    (0.41 
    ) 
              Distributions in excess of net investment income    (3)  
    (0.08 
    ) 
                      Net decrease resulting from distributions 
    (0.49 
    ) 
      Capital Share Transactions 
      
               Issuance of Common Shares above net asset value    (4)  
    0.06 
      
        Repurchases of Common Shares    (8)  

Net increase in net assets resulting from capital share transactions 
    0.06 
      
      Net asset value, end of period 
    $ 
    9.13 

INVESTMENT RETURNS 
      
      Total investment return-net price    (5)  
    10.63 
     % 
      Total investment return-net asset value    (6)  
    11.06 
     % 

RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA   (all amounts in thousands except share amounts) 
      
      Net assets, end of period 
    $ 
    80,951 
      
      Average net assets    (7)  
    $ 
    34,440 
      
      Common Shares outstanding, end of period 
    8,869,491 
      
      Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 
    3,752,921 
      
      Ratios-to-average net assets:    (7)(8)  
      
         Net investment income 
    4.49 
     % 
         Total expenses 
    2.04 
     % 
         Effect of expense reimbursement from Advisors 
    (1.81 
    )% 
         Net expenses 
    0.23 
     % 

_____________________ 
           (1)  
    The per Common Share data was derived by using the weighted average   Common Shares   outstanding during the period.  
              (2) 
    The amount shown at this caption is the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule. The amount shown at this caption for a Common Share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in the aggregate gains and losses in portfolio securities for the period because of the timing of sales of the   Company   s   Common Shares   in relation to fluctuating market values for the portfolio.  
              (3) 
    The per Common Share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per Common Share outstanding during the entire period; distributions per Common Share are rounded to the nearest $0.01. 
              (4) 
    The continuous issuance of   Common Shares   may cause an incremental increase in net asset value per Share due to the sale of Shares at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds per share by the   Company   in excess of net asset value per Share on each subscription closing date. The per share data was derived by computing (i) the sum of (A) the number of shares issued in connection with subscriptions and/or distribution reinvestment on each share transaction date multiplied by (B) the differences between the net proceeds per share and the net asset value per share on each share transaction date, divided by (ii) the total shares outstanding at the end of the period. 
     
   14 

    Notes to Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

(5) 
    Total investment return-net price is a measure of total return for shareholders, assuming the purchase of the   Company   s Common Shares at the beginning of the period and the reinvestment of all distributions declared during the period. More specifically, total investment return-net price is based on (i) the purchase of Common Shares at the net offering price on the first day of the period, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period, of (A) purchased Common Shares plus (B) any   Common Shares   issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions, and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net price calculation assumes that (i) cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the   Company   s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the   Common Shares   issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan are issued at the then net offering price per Common Share on each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the   Company   s   Common Shares  , then the terminal sales price per Common Share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period presented. Total investment return-net price is not annualized. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s Common Shares. The   Company   s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
              (6)  
    Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s Common Shares at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions declared during the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i) net asset value per share on the first day of the period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, plus any shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of monthly distributions, and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net asset value calculation assumes that (i) monthly cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan are issued at the then current public offering price, net of sales load, on each monthly distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Company s shares, terminal market value per share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per share on the last day of the period presented. Total investment return-net asset value is not annualized. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s Common Shares. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above.  Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
              (7) 
    The computation of average net assets during the period is based on averaging the amount on the first day of the first month of the period and the last day of each month during the period. Ratios-to-average net assets are not annualized. 
              (8) 
    The ratios-to-average net assets do not include any proportionate allocation of income and expenses incurred at the Master Fund. 
              (9) 
    The per share impact of the Company s repurchase of common shares is an increase to net asset value of less than $0.01 per common share during the applicable period. 
      
  Note 9.  Subsequent Events 
  The   Company   issued   1,218,131     Common Shares   subsequent to   September 30, 2016   through and including   November 8, 2016  , resulting in a $  11.3 million   increase in equity capital. 
  On September 29, 2016, the   Company   s Board of Trustees declared distributions of $0.01260 per Share per week for four record dates beginning on October 4, 2016 through and including October 25, 2016.  On October 31, 2016, the   Company   s Board of Trustees declared distributions of $0.01260 per Share per week for five record dates beginning on November 1, 2016 through and including November 29, 2016. 
  On October 7, 2016, the Company's Board of Trustees approved a resolution to extend the Company's offering period past December 31, 2016 and to close its public offering to new investors on or about February 14, 2017. Following the closing of the offering, the Company expects that, subject to the Board s discretion and applicable law: 
             
    it will continue to conduct quarterly tender offers pursuant to its share repurchase program; 
                
    distributions will continue to be declared and paid on a monthly basis; and 
                
    the Company s distribution reinvestment plan will remain in effect and participating shareholders will be able to reinvest distributions at net asset value per share as determined by the Board of Trustees and management of the Company. 
                
    The Company will continue to have a finite term of no more than five years from the closing of its initial public offering (contemplated to be on or before December 31, 2021). 
     On November 10, 2016, the   Company   filed a tender offer statement with the SEC on Schedule TO.  The   Company   offered to purchase up to 71,951   Common Shares   at a cash price of $9.13 per Common Share.  The tender offer will expire on December 19, 2016 at 5:00 PM, central time. 
  
   15 

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  The information contained in this item should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this   Report  .  Unless otherwise noted, the terms "we," "us," and "our" refer to Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T.  The Term "  Master Fund  " refers to Carey Credit Income Fund.  Capitalized terms used in this Item 2 have the same meaning as in the accompanying unaudited financial statements presented in    Part I. Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited)   . 
  Overview 
    We are a feeder fund and we are affiliated with the   Master Fund  , which is a specialty finance investment company that has elected to be treated as a   BDC   under the   1940 Act  . The   Master Fund   is externally managed by the   Advisors  , which are responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell, and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. The   Master Fund  's management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as presented in its quarterly report should be read in its entirety. 
  Investment Objectives and Investment Program 
  Our investment objectives are to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation, and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation.  
  We intend to meet our investment objectives by investing substantially all of our equity capital in the   Master Fund  . The   Master Fund  's investment objectives are the same as our own. The   Master Fund  's investment strategy is focused on creating and growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring our investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, the   Master Fund   uses the resources of its   Advisors   to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value. We believe the   Master Fund  's flexible approach to investing allows it to take advantage of opportunities that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics.  
  The   Master Fund   primarily focuses on the following range of investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 
             
    Senior Debt  . Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. These senior debt classifications include senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, and senior secured bonds. In some circumstances, the secured lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. 
                
    Subordinated Debt  . Subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security, with the principal due at maturity. 
                
    Equity Investments  . Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired alongside senior and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated primarily through regular or sporadic dividends, and realized gains on dispositions of such investments. 
     The   Master Fund  's investment activities may vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy privately owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition, and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments the   Master Fund   currently seeks and intends to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital the   Master Fund   raises from the sale of its common shares to us and any other feeder funds, and the amount and cost of capital that the   Master Fund   may borrow. 
  The   Master Fund   acquires its portfolio investments through the following investment access channels: 
             
    Direct Originations  : The   Master Fund   sources originated investments through the relationship networks of our   Advisors  . Such investments are originated or structured for the   Master Fund   or made by the   Master Fund   and are not generally available to the broader investment market. These investments may include both debt and equity investment components. 
                
    Primary Issuance  : The   Master Fund   also participates in private placement transactions that are made available to, and become closely held by, a relatively small group of institutional investors. These transactions are typically originated and arranged by other investment intermediaries other than our   Advisors  . 
                
    Secondary Market Transactions  : In certain circumstances the   Master Fund   will also invest in broadly syndicated loans, high yield credit markets, and other investments that are generally owned by a wide range of investors and made available through various trading markets. 
     Revenues 
  We generate revenues primarily in the form of dividend income derived from our ownership of the   Master Fund  's common shares. Our revenues will fluctuate with the operating performance of the   Master Fund   and its distribution to us. 
  
   16 

Operating Expenses 
  Our primary operating expenses include administrative services, related party reimbursements, custodian and accounting services, independent audit services, compliance services, tax services fees, legal services, transfer agent services, distribution and shareholder servicing fees, organization expenses and amortization of deferred offering expenses.  Additionally, we indirectly bear the operating expenses of the   Master Fund   through our ownership of its common shares, such as an investment advisory fee, a performance-based incentive fee, independent audit services, third party valuation services, and various other professional services fees. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  We commenced investment operations on   October 8, 2015  ; therefore there is no comparative income and investment related results recorded for the period from July 24, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015 in some of the tables below.  Operating results for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

Investment Income  
  Investment income consisted solely of distributions from the   Master Fund   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Operating Expenses  
  Operating expenses consisted of the following major components for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 (in thousands): 

The operating expenses presented above do not represent our normalized operations since we expect our operating expenses to increase as our equity capital base increases. 
  Related party reimbursements are comprised of the   Company  's allocable share of costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator that were reimbursable. Reimbursable costs and expenses include, but are not limited to, the   Company  's share of salaries, rent, office administration, costs associated with regulatory reporting and filings, and costs related to the preparation for, and conducting of, meetings of the   Company  's Board of Trustees.  An investment advisory fee is only incurred by the Master Fund, although it is incurred indirectly by the Company. 
    Beginning in the first calendar quarter after the close of the Company's Public Offering of Common Shares, the Company will incur an additional operating expense, specifically distribution and shareholder servicing fees, to compensate the dealer  
  
   17 

manager of the Company's Public Offering, participating broker-dealers and investment representatives for services and expenses related to the marketing, sale and distribution of the Company's Common Shares, and/or for providing shareholder services. The distribution and shareholder servicing fees will accrue daily and will be recorded on the statements of operations.  The distribution and shareholder servicing fees will be computed at the daily rate of 0.002466% (  i.e.   annual rate of 0.90%) of the product of (i) the weighted average net price of Common Shares sold in the Public Offering, excluding Common Shares issued under the Company's distribution reinvestment plan ("DRP Shares"), and (ii) the number of Common Shares, excluding DRP Shares, outstanding on each day. This operating expense, when incurred, will be borne equally among all of the Company's outstanding Shares. 
  The composition of our administrative and professional services fees for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) from Master Fund Investment 
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, we did not sell any shares of the   Master Fund  , therefore we incurred no realized gains or losses on investment in Master Fund shares. 
  Changes in Unrealized Appreciation on Master Fund Investment 
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the total net change in unrealized appreciation on our investment in the   Master Fund   was   $1.42   million and   $2.09   million, respectively. 
  Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , net cash used in operating activities was   $74.1   million. Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to the   Company  's investments in the   Master Fund  . For the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , net cash provided by operating activities (  i.e.   expense support) was less than $0.1 million.  
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $75.2   million during the period ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily represented by proceeds from issuance of Common Shares of   $76.1   million.  
   
  Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary sources of cash include (i) the sale of our Common Shares, (ii) our shareholders' reinvestment of their distributions, (iii) distributions received from our ownership of the   Master Fund  's common shares, and (iv) expense reimbursement payments from the Advisors pursuant to the   Expense Support Agreement  . Our primary uses of cash include (i) investment in the   Master Fund  's common shares, (ii) payment of operating expenses, (iii) cash distributions to our shareholders and (iv) periodic repurchases of our Common Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. We do not intend to issue any senior securities, including preferred securities.  
  We manage our assets and liabilities such that current assets are sufficient to cover current liabilities.  All remaining cash in excess of net working capital is regularly invested in the common shares of the   Master Fund  .  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   18 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with   GAAP   requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. We believe that the estimates and assumptions utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in    Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies   . 
  Valuation of Investments 
  We invest substantially all of our equity capital in the purchase of common shares of the   Master Fund  .  As such, we determine the fair value of our investment in the   Master Fund   as the   Master Fund  's net asset value per common share (as determined by the   Master Fund  ) multiplied by the number of   Master Fund   common shares that we own. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  We have not entered into any agreements under which we have material future commitments that cannot otherwise be terminated within a reasonable time period.  
  Obligations to Pay Distributions 
    Our Board of Trustees has declared distributions on Common Shares that will become payable to shareholders of record after   September 30, 2016  . The obligation cannot be measured since it is dependent on the future sale of Common Shares prior to each record date and the total number of Shares outstanding on each record date.  The declared distribution rates per Share for the period after   September 30, 2016   are summarized as follows: 

Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
  We have entered into agreements with the Advisor, and certain of its affiliates, and GPIM whereby we agreed to (i) receive expense support payments, (ii) reimburse certain expenses of, and to pay for, administrative, expense support, organization and offerings costs incurred on our behalf and (iii) compensate for capital market services in connection with the marketing and distribution of our Shares.  See    Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions    for a discussion of the related party transactions and expense reimbursement agreements. 
  Reimbursement to the Advisors for Organization and Offering Expenses 
   See    Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions   . 
  Reimbursement to the Administrator for Administrative Services 
  We reimburse the Administrator for its expenses in connection with the provision of administrative services to us. However, such reimbursement will be made at an amount equal to the lower of the Administrator's actual costs or the amount that we would be required to pay for comparable administrative services in the same geographic location.  Also, such costs will be reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records, or other reasonable allocation methods. We do not reimburse the Administrator for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of the Administrator. See    Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions    for a summary of reimbursable expenses as related to administrative services. 
   
  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates through our investment in the   Master Fund  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , 93.2% of the   Master Fund  's debt investments, or approximately $205.4 million measured at fair value, is subject to variable interest rates. The   Master Fund  's sole credit facility is also subject to changes in its 3-Month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") base rate. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income for the   Master Fund  's variable rate debt investments, (ii) value declines for fixed rate investments the   Master Fund   may hold, and (iii) higher interest expense in connection with the   Master Fund  's floating rate credit facility. To the extent that a majority of the   Master Fund  's investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest rates may also make it easier for the   Advisors   to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for a performance-based incentive fee as described in Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions of the   Master Fund  's unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  Based on our investment position in the   Master Fund   as of   September 30, 2016  , the following table presents the approximate annualized increase (decrease) in value per outstanding Common Share due to (i) interest income from the   Master  
  
   19 

Fund  's investment portfolio and (ii) interest expense on the   Master Fund  's floating rate borrowings, directly resulting from hypothetical changes in base rate interest rates (  e.g.,   LIBOR), assuming no changes in (i) the number of outstanding   Common Shares  , (ii) the number of outstanding   Master Fund   shares, (iii) our percent ownership of   Master Fund   shares and that changes in the   Master Fund  's net investment income are immediately passed on to   Master Fund  's shareholders, including us: 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our disclosure controls and procedures include internal controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in this and other reports filed under the   Exchange Act  , is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the required time periods specified in the   SEC   s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that no system of controls can provide complete assurance of achieving a company s objectives and that future events may impact the effectiveness of a system of controls. 
  Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after conducting an evaluation together with members of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the   Exchange Act  , were effective as of   September 30, 2016   at a reasonable level of assurance. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  During the most recent fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the   Exchange Act  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

20 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were not subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, there were no material legal proceedings threatened against us.  
  From time to time, we, or our Administrator, may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of, or incidental to the normal course of, our business, including legal proceedings related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While legal proceedings, lawsuits, claims, and regulatory proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their ultimate outcomes are not predictable with assurance, the results of these proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Form 10-K dated and filed with the   SEC   on March 16, 2016 except for the following:  
  Global capital markets could enter a period of severe disruption and instability. These conditions have historically affected and could again materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
    Market and macro-economic disruptions may, in the future affect, the U.S. capital markets, which could adversely affect our business and that of our portfolio companies. These market disruptions may also affect the broader financial and credit markets and may reduce the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and to financial firms, in particular. At various times, these macro-disruptions have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector and the repricing of credit risk. These conditions may reoccur for a prolonged period of time again or materially worsen in the future, including as a result of further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or the perceived credit worthiness of the United States or other large global economies. Unfavorable macro-economic conditions, including future recessions, also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. We may in the future have difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may cause us to reduce the volume of loans we originate and/or fund, adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
   
   Item 5.  Other Information 
  None. 
   
  Item 6.  Exhibits 
  The exhibits required by this item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 

21 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Mark J. DeCesaris    

MARK J. DECESARIS 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre         

PAUL S. SAINT-PIERRE 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

22 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this Report.                     3.1 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of the Registrant.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(a)(5)  filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on March 15, 2016.) 

3.3 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on March 15, 2016.) 

4.1 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan of the Registrant.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Carey Credit Advisors, LLC.   (Filed herewith.) 

10.2 

Custody Agreement by and between the Registrant, Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 A, Carey Credit Income Fund, and U.S. Bank National Association.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.3 

Escrow Agreement.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(1) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.4 

Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and between the Registrant, Carey Credit Income Fund and Carey Financial, LLC.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(1) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

10.5 

Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (revised Exhibit A to Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement).    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(d) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 10, 2016.) 

10.6 

Form of Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.7 

Form of Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(4) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

10.8 

Investment Management Agreement by and between Hamilton Finance LLC and Carey Credit Income Fund. (  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Carey Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on December 22, 2015.  ) 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

99 

Form 10-Q of Carey Credit Income Fund for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016.   (Filed herewith.) 

23 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ffexhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT

ffexhibit101  

AMENDED AND RESTATED ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT   This Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement (this  Agreement ) is made as of   October 3, 2016, by and among CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND, a Delaware statutory trust (hereinafter   referred to as the  Master Company ),  each of THE COMPANIES LISTED ON APPENDIX A OF THIS   AGREEMENT, each a Delaware statutory trust (each hereinafter referred to as a  Feeder Company  and   collectively with the Master Company the  Companies ), and CAREY CREDIT ADVISORS, LLC, a   Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter referred to as the  Administrator ).    W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, each of the Companies is an organized, non-diversified closed-end management investment   company that has elected to be treated as a business development company (a  BDC ) under the Investment   Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules promulgated thereunder, the  1940 Act     WHEREAS, the Companies desire to amend and restate a previous Administrative Services Agreement   entered into on February 27, 2015 and amended on August 10, 2015 (the  Previous Agreement    WHEREAS, each Feeder Company invests all or substantially all its assets in the Master Company as   part of a master/feeder BDC structure;   WHEREAS, each Company desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to   each Company in the manner and on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and    WHEREAS, the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to each Company in the   manner and on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for   other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the   Companies and the Administrator hereby agree as follows:    1. Duties of the Administrator   (a) Engagement of Administrator.  Each Company hereby engages and retains the Administrator to   furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below for   the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  The Administrator hereby accepts such   engagement and retention and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services   and to assume the obligations herein set forth, subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for   below.  The Administrator, and any others with whom the Administrator subcontracts to provide the services set   forth herein, shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors of each Company and shall,   unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or represent a Company in   any way or otherwise be deemed agents of such Company.    The Administrator shall be subject to review and oversight by the board of trustees of each Company   (the  Boards ) to assure that the administrative procedures, operations and programs of each Company are in   the best interests of such Company s shareholders.   (b) Services.  The Administrator shall perform the administrative services necessary for the   operation of each Company, it being expressly understood and agreed that the Administrator may retain one or   more Affiliates to provide some of the services described below and the Administrator agrees to oversee and   Exhibit 10.3      

supervise the provision of any such services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator   shall:    (i) provide each Company with office facilities and equipment, and provide clerical,   bookkeeping, accounting, financial reporting, communications with shareholders, proxy   administration services, transfer agency services, corporate recordkeeping services,   regulatory filing reporting services, compliance services, and legal services, and shall   provide all such other services, except investment advisory services, as the Administrator,   subject to review by the Boards, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or   useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement;     (ii) on behalf of each Company, enter into agreements and/or conduct relations with   custodians, depositories, transfer agents, distribution disbursing agents, the dividend   reinvestment plan administrator, shareholder servicing agents, share repurchase program   agents, proxy administrators and proxy solicitation agents, accountants, auditors, tax   consultants, federal and state tax preparers, tax advisers and experts, investment advisers,   compliance officers, escrow agents, attorneys, underwriters, managing dealer, brokers   and dealers, investment due diligence firms in connection with the offering of securities,   securities rating agencies, loan and credit facility administrators, investor custody and   share transaction clearing platforms, marketing, sales and advertising materials   contractors, public relations firms, investor communication agents, printers, insurers,   banks, independent valuation firms and third party security pricing services, and such   other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable by the   Administrator and each Company;     (iii) the Administrator is hereby authorized to enter into one or more sub-administration   agreements with other service providers (each a  Sub-Administrator ) pursuant to   which the Administrator may obtain the services of the Sub-Administrator in fulfilling its   responsibilities hereunder.  Any such sub-administration agreements shall be in   accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and other applicable federal and state   laws and shall contain a provision requiring the Sub-Administrator to comply with   Sections 2 and 3 below as if it were the Administrator;    (iv) make reports to the Boards of its performance of obligations hereunder;     (v) furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business   and affairs of each Company as the Administrator reasonably shall determine to be   desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to,   and the Administrator shall not pursuant to this Agreement, provide any advice or   recommendation relating to the portfolio company investments that the Master Company   should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to each   Company;     (vi) assist each Company in (A) the preparation of the financial and other records that each   Company is required to maintain and (B) the preparation, printing and dissemination of   reports that each Company is required to furnish to its shareholders, as well as the reports   and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),   states and other jurisdictions where any offering of each  Company s shares are registered   and there is a duty to file information with one or more jurisdictions on an ongoing basis;     2         

(vii) assist each Company in determining and publishing each Company s net asset value,   oversee the preparation and filing of each Company s tax returns, and generally oversee   and monitor the payment of each Company s expenses and ensure that fees and expenses   are within any applicable limitations set forth in each Company s declaration of trust, as   amended from time to time ( Declaration of Trust    (viii) to change the organization and offering reimbursement rate, subject to the maximum   organization and offering reimbursement rate as specified in Organization and Offering   Expense Reimbursement Agreement; and   (ix) oversee the performance of Sub-Administrator and other professional services rendered   to each Company by others.     2. Records.     The Administrator (and each Sub-Administrator, if applicable) shall maintain and keep all books,   accounts and other records of each Company that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder   as required under the 1940 Act, federal laws, state laws, or any regulatory organization that a Company or its   shares are subject.  The Administrator agrees that all records that it maintains and preserves for a Company   shall at all times remain the property of such Company, shall be readily accessible during normal business   hours, and shall be promptly surrendered to such Company upon the termination of this Agreement or otherwise   on written request by such Company.  The Administrator further agrees that the records that it maintains for a   Company will be preserved in the manner and for the periods prescribed by the 1940 Act, federal laws, state   laws, or any regulatory organization that a Company or its shares are subject, unless any such records are earlier   surrendered as provided above.  The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records for an   indefinite period, subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.  The   Administrator shall maintain records of the locations where any books, accounts and records of such Company   are maintained by third parties providing services directly or indirectly to such Company.    3. Confidentiality.     The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially all information provided by each party to the   other regarding its business and operations.  All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including   all  nonpublic personal information,  as defined under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (Public law 106-   102, 113 Stat. 1138), shall be used by the other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services   pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be   disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party, except that such confidential   information may be disclosed to an affiliate or agent of the disclosing party to be used for the sole purpose of   providing the services set forth herein.  The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly   available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this   Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed to any regulatory authority, by judicial or administrative process   or otherwise by applicable law or regulation.    4. Allocation of Costs and Expenses.     Each Company shall bear all costs and expenses for the administration of its business and shall   reimburse the Administrator for any such costs and expenses that have been incurred by the Administrator on   behalf of such Company on the terms and conditions set forth in Section 5.  These costs and expenses shall   include, but not be limited to:    3         

(a) office administration;     (b) allocable portion of expenses and rent pertaining to the Administrator s duties performed   hereunder;     (c) allocable portion of salaries, rent and expenses, including board meeting travel expenses, of   executive officers of the Administrator also serving in the capacity of chief financial officer and chief   compliance officer of each Company (subject to approval by a majority of the Independent Trustees);     (d) costs associated with the monitoring and preparation of regulatory reporting, including   registration statement amendments, prospectus supplements, and tax reporting;     (e) costs and expenses related to preparation for, and conducting of, board of trustees and annual   shareholder meetings, secretarial services, oversight of corporate calendar, shareholder and trustee   communications and services;     (f) costs and expenses related to soliciting and oversight of risk management protocols, including   fidelity bonds, and trustees and officers insurance policies;     (g) costs and expenses related to coordination and oversight of service provider activities and the   direct cost of such contractual matters related thereto; and     (h) costs and expenses related to preparation of all financial statements and the coordination and   oversight of audits, regulatory inquiries, certifications and sub-certifications.      The Administrator shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare, prior to each fiscal year end of a   Company, an estimated budget for anticipated costs and expenses related hereunder in such form and substance   as shall be requested by the Boards.  Each Company acknowledges that this estimated budget is for reporting   purposes only and it shall remain obligated to reimburse the Administrator, subject to the limitations below, for   any costs and expenses that may exceed the initial or any amended budget as approved by the Boards (the    Approved Budget ).  The Administrator shall obtain subsequent approval from the Boards prior to incurring   any material expense not otherwise specified in the Approved Budget.  For purposes of this section,  material   expense  shall mean any expense which individually or as a series of related expenses, exceeds the greater of (i)   $50,000 or (ii) 5% of the Approved Budget.     The Administrator acknowledges that it shall be responsible for ensuring that (i) any reimbursement to   the Master Company s investment adviser and/or sub-adviser, or any other person for deferred Organization and   Offering Expenses, if any, shall not exceed the eighteen percent (18%) limitation on Front End Fees (as defined   in each  Company s Declaration of Trust), regardless of the source of payment, and (ii) the percentage of gross   proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty-two percent (82%).  All items of   compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, trailing   commissions (i.e., distribution and shareholder service fees), consulting fees, finders  fees and all other items of   compensation of any kind or description paid by a Company, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into   consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees.    5. No Fee; Reimbursement of Expenses; Limitations on Reimbursement of Expenses.     In full consideration for the provisions of the services provided by the Administrator under this   Agreement, the parties acknowledge that there shall be no separate fee paid in connection with the   administrative services provided. Each Company shall reimburse the Administrator promptly following the   receipt of written invoices from the Administrator for all expenses of such Company incurred by the   Administrator and its Affiliates as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for such Company and   obtained by the Administrator from entities not Affiliated with such Company; provided, however, that such   4         

costs are reasonably allocated to each Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other method   conforming with generally accepted accounting principles. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a   Company accrue or otherwise be financially responsible for, and in no event shall the Administrator be   obligated to provide written invoices or any accounting or record whatsoever to a Company in connection with,   any expenses incurred directly by the Administrator or its Affiliates (which for avoidance of doubt, shall not   include any expenses of third-party service providers incurred by the Administrator or its Affiliates on a   Company s behalf) prior to the first common shares subscription closing date of each Company.   6. Affiliate Defined.     For purposes of this Agreement,  Affiliate  or  Affiliated  or any derivation thereof means with respect   to any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity or   association ( Person ): (a) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling, or holding, with the power to   vote, 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (b) any Person 10% or more of   whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote,   by such other Person; (c) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control   with such other Person; (d) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; or (e)   any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner.    7. Limitation of Liability of the Administrator; Indemnification.     (a) Indemnification.  The Administrator and its officers, directors, shareholders (and their   shareholders or members, including the owners of their shareholders or members), agents, employees,   controlling persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), and any other person or entity affiliated with, or acting on   behalf of, the Administrator in performing its obligations under this Agreement, including any sub-   administrator, each of whom shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary hereof (each an  Indemnified Party    and collectively, the  Indemnified Parties ) shall not be liable to a Company for any action taken or omitted to   be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this   Agreement or otherwise as administrator for each Company, and each Company shall indemnify, defend and   protect the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless from and against all losses, damages, liabilities, costs   and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) ( Losses )   incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit,   investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of such Company or its security   holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Indemnified Parties  duties or   obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for such Company: (i) to the extent such Losses:   (A) are not fully reimbursed by insurance and (B) do not arise by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or   gross negligence in the performance of such Indemnified Parties  performance of such duties or obligations, or   the Indemnified Parties  reckless disregard of such duties and obligations; and (ii) otherwise to the fullest extent   such indemnification is permitted under the Declaration of Trust, the 1940 Act, the laws of the State of   Delaware and other applicable law.    (b) Advancement of Funds. A Company shall be permitted to advance funds to the Indemnified   Parties for legal expenses and other costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is   being sought, subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, and only if all of the following conditions are met:    (i) the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or   services on behalf of each Company,     5         

(ii) the Indemnitee provides such Company with written affirmation of the Indemnitee s   good faith belief that the Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct necessary for   indemnification by such Company as authorized by such Company s Declarations of   Trust,     (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a shareholder or, if by a   shareholder of such Company acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent   jurisdiction approves such advancement, and     (iv) the Indemnitee provides such Company with a written agreement to repay the amount   paid or reimbursed by such Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest   thereon, if it is ultimately determined pursuant to a final, non-appealable decision of a   court of competent jurisdiction that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.     Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, the provisions of this Section 7 shall not be construed so   as to provide for the indemnification of any Indemnified Party for any liability (including liability under federal   securities laws which, under certain circumstances, impose liability even on persons that act in good faith), to   the extent (but only to the extent) that such indemnification would be in violation of applicable law, but shall be   construed so as to effectuate the provisions of this Section 7 to the fullest extent permitted by law.    8. Activities of the Administrator.     The services provided by the Administrator to the Companies are not exclusive, and the Administrator   may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others, including, without limitation,   the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment based accounts or commingled pools of   capital, however structured, whether having investment objectives similar to or different from those of the   Companies, so long as its services to the Companies hereunder are not impaired thereby and nothing in this   Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any officer, director, shareholder (and their shareholders or   members, including the owners of their shareholders or members), officer or employee of the Administrator to   engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of   a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for   serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the Master Company s portfolio   companies, subject to applicable law).  The Administrator assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other   than to render the services set forth herein.    9. Duration and Termination of this Agreement     (a) Term and Effectiveness.  This Agreement shall become effective with respect to the Companies   as of the date hereof.  This Agreement shall remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue   automatically for successive one-year periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least   annually by: (i) the vote of the Boards and (ii) the vote of a majority of each Company s trustees who are not   parties to this Agreement or  interested persons  (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, or   any successor provision thereto) (the  Independent Trustees ) of any such party, in accordance with the   requirements of the 1940 Act.    (b) Termination.  With respect to each Company, this Agreement may be terminated at any time,   without the payment of any penalty: (i) by such Company upon 60 days  written notice to the Administrator   upon the vote of each Company s Independent Trustees; or (ii) by the Administrator upon not less than 120   days  written notice to such Company.  This Agreement and the rights and duties of a party hereunder may not   be assigned, including by operation of law, by a party without the prior consent of the other party and this   6         

Agreement automatically shall terminate in such event.  The provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement shall   remain in full force and effect, and the Administrator shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof,   notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement.    After the termination of this Agreement as to a Company, the Administrator shall be entitled to receive   from such Company within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements due   and payable to the Administrator prior to termination of this Agreement.    10. Amendments of this Agreement.     This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties.    This Agreement automatically shall terminate as to a Company upon the dissolution of such Company.    11. Severability.     If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction,   then such provision shall be deemed to be severable from this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in   any event such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder hereof.    12. Counterparts.     This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy   and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto,   notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the same counterpart.   13. Governing Law.     This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with laws of the State of New York and the applicable   provisions of the 1940 Act, if any.  To the extent that the applicable laws of the State of New York or any of the   provisions herein conflict with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, if any, the latter shall control.    14. Entire Agreement.     This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements,   understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof.    15. Survival.     The provisions of Sections 3, 7, 13 and 15 will survive termination of this Agreement.    16. Notices.     Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed to the   other party at the address listed below or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given   in accordance with this Section 16.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date   first above written.    7         

APPENDIX A   SCHEDULE OF FEEDER COMPANIES      Feeder Fund Name    Effective Date   Carey Credit Income Fund   I   May 24, 2015   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T  May 24, 2015   Carey Credit Income Fund 2017 T  October 3, 2016      9         

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a2016tsec302ceoq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CEO 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Mark J. DeCesaris, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   (the  Registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    [Reserved]; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                           Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Mark J. DeCesaris 

MARK J. DECESARIS 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a2016tsec302cfoq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CFO 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Paul S. Saint-Pierre, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   (the  Registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    [Reserved]; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                           Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre 

PAUL S. SAINT-PIERRE 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 a2016tsec906ceocfoq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 

Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), each of the undersigned officers of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T  , does hereby certify, to the best of such officer's knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T  . 
                    Date: 
    November 14, 2016 

/s/ Mark J. DeCesaris 
        
    MARK J. DECESARIS 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 

/s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre 
        
    PAUL S. SAINT-PIERRE 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

The certification set forth above is being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Report as a separate disclosure document of   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   or the certifying officers. 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   and will be retained by   Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T   and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 6
 exhibit99ccif10-q2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 99 CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND FORM 10-Q

Exhibit 

Exhibit 99 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
  OR 

Commission file number: 814-01117 
  
  CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         Do not check if smaller reporting company 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  The number of the Registrant's common shares outstanding as of November 8, 2016 was 18,438,651. 

1 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  INDEX    

1 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or this Report, including    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 2 of Part I of this Report   , contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the   Exchange Act  . These forward-looking statements generally are characterized by the use of terms such as  may,   should,   plan,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   predict,   believe,   expect,   will,   will be,  and  project  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: increased direct competition; changes in government regulations; changes in local, national, and global economic and capital market conditions; our ability to obtain or maintain credit lines or credit facilities on satisfactory terms; changes in interest rates; availability of proceeds from our private offering of common shares; our ability to identify suitable investments and/or to close on identified investments; the performance of our investments; and the ability of borrowers related to our debt investments to make payments under their respective loans. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. You should exercise caution in relying on forward-looking statements as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may materially affect our future results, performance, achievements, or transactions. Information on factors which could impact actual results and cause them to differ from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in this Report as well as in our other filings with the SEC, including but not limited to those described in    Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors    of this Report and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, that was filed on March 16, 2016. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risks are likely to emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of future results, which apply only as of the date of this Report, unless noted otherwise. Except as may be required by federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in    Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors    of this Report.  The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this Report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 
  All references to  Note  or  Notes  throughout this Report refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the registrant in    Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   . 
  Unless otherwise noted, the terms  we,   us,   our,  and  Master Fund  refer to Carey Credit Income Fund.  All capitalized terms have the same meaning as defined in the Notes. 
  
   2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  Item 1.  Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
   
  CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (UNAUDITED) 
   (in thousands, except share amounts) 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands) 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

7 

    CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED) 

8 

    CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED) 

9 

    CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED) 

_______________________ 
           (1) 
    Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company.  
              (2)  
    All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 
              (3) 
    All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the 1940 Act; non-controlled/non-affiliated investments are investments that are neither controlled investments nor affiliated investments. 
              (4) 
    The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR" or "LIBO rate"), (denoted as "L") unless otherwise noted (  i.e.   PRIME).  Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin over LIBOR based on each respective credit agreement.  Unless otherwise noted the base interest rate floor (  e.g.   1.00%) for each floating rate loan indexed to LIBOR exceeded all of the relevant LIBOR indices as of the most recent interest rate reset date.  As of September 30, 2016, LIBO rates ranged between 0.53111% for 1-month LIBOR to 1.23972% for 6-month LIBOR. 
              (5) 
    The principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in thousands of U.S. dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 
              (6) 
    Cost represents amortized cost for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized   PIK   for preferred stock; currency amounts are presented in thousands. 
              (7) 
    The investment is a delayed draw loan/unfunded commitment whereby some or all of the investment commitment is unfunded as of September 30, 2016 (see    Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies   ). 
              (8) 
    The preferred stock investment contains a PIK provision, whereby the security issuer has the option to pay preferred dividends with the issuance of additional identical securities in the initial three year period after issuance. Since the initial investment date through March 2016, all dividend payments have been paid with the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock. The security issuer ceased paying PIK dividends in April 2016. 
              (9) 
    A portfolio company domiciled in a foreign country. The regulatory jurisdiction of security issuance may be a different country than the domicile of the portfolio company.  
              (10) 
    The investment is not a qualifying asset as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.  As of September 30, 2016, 81% of total assets represented qualifying assets.  Under the 1940 Act we may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of our total assets.     
               (12) 
    Security or portion thereof was pledged as collateral supporting the amounts outstanding under a credit facility as of September 30, 2016; (see    Note 6. Borrowings   ). 
                (15) 
    The base interest rate on these investments, or a portion thereof, was based on PRIME rate which as of September 30, 2016 was 3.5%.  The current base interest rate for these investments may be different from the reference rate on September 30, 2016. 
              (16) 
    Investment was on non-accrual status as of September 30, 2016, meaning that the Company has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. 
              (17) 
    Non-income producing security. 
              (18) 
    As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was $3.4 million; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was $3.7 million; the net unrealized depreciation was $0.3 million, the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was $220.8 million.  
       
  Abbreviations: 
  CN = Canada 
  LIBOR (L) = London Interbank Offered Rate 
  PRIME (P) = Prime Rate 
    
  See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

10 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

11 

    CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 

12 

    CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 

_______________________ 
           (1) 
    Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company.  
              (2)  
    All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 
              (3) 
    All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the 1940 Act; non-controlled/non-affiliated investments are investments that are neither controlled investments nor affiliated investments. 
              (4) 
    The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to LIBOR (denoted as "L").  Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin over LIBOR based on each respective credit agreement.  The base interest rate floor (  e.g.   1.00%) for each floating rate loan indexed to LIBOR exceeded all of the relevant LIBOR indices as of the most recent interest rate reset date.  As of December 31, 2015, LIBO rates ranged between 0.430% for 1-month LIBOR to 1.178% for 12-month LIBOR. 
              (5) 
    The principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in thousands of U.S. dollars.  Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 
              (6) 
    Cost represents amortized cost for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK for the preferred stock; currency amounts are presented in thousands. 
              (7) 
    The investment is a delayed draw loan whereby some or all of the investment commitment is undrawn as of December 31, 2015 (see    Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies   ). 
              (8) 
    The preferred stock investment contains a PIK provision, whereby the security issuer has the option to pay preferred dividends with the issuance of additional identical securities in the initial three year period after issuance. All dividend payments in the current period have been paid with the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock. 
              (9) 
    A portfolio company domiciled in a foreign country. The regulatory jurisdiction of security issuance may be a different country than the domicile of the portfolio company.  
              (10) 
    The investment is not a qualifying asset as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.  As of December 31, 2015, 89% of total assets represented qualifying assets.  Under the 1940 Act we may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of our total assets.     
               (12) 
    Security or portion thereof was held within Hamilton and was pledged as collateral supporting the amounts outstanding under Hamilton Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015; (see    Note 6. Borrowings   ). 
              (13) 
    As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was $0.2 million; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was $5.9 million; the net unrealized depreciation was $5.7 million, the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was $83.9 million.  
       
  Abbreviations: 
  CN = Canada 
  LIBOR (L) = London Interbank Offered Rate 
  PIK = Payment-In-Kind 
    
  See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

13 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  Note 1.  Principal Business and Organization 
  Carey Credit Income Fund (the  Master Fund ) was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on September 5, 2014.  The Master Fund's investment objectives are to provide its shareholders with current income, capital preservation, and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in  privately-negotiated loans to private middle market U.S. companies.  On April 1, 2015, the Master Fund elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").  The Master Fund commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. 
  The Master Fund is externally managed by Carey Credit Advisors, LLC (the "Advisor"), an affiliate of W. P. Carey Inc. ("WPC"), and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ("GPIM") (collectively the "Advisors"), which are responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the Master Fund s investment portfolio.  Both Advisors are registered as investment advisers with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Advisor also provides the administrative services necessary for the operation of the Master Fund. 
  The Master Fund serves as the master fund in a master/feeder fund structure.  The Master Fund issues its common stock ("Common Shares" or "Shares") to one or more affiliated feeder funds in a continuous series of private placement transactions. 
  As of September 30, 2016, the Master Fund had one wholly owned subsidiary, Hamilton Finance LLC ("Hamilton"), a special purpose financing subsidiary organized for the purpose of arranging secured debt financing, entering into credit agreements, and borrowing money to invest in portfolio companies. 
   
  Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
    Management has determined that the Master Fund meets the definition of an investment company and adheres to the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("  FASB  ") Accounting Standards Codification ("  ASC  ") Topic 946     Financial Services       Investment Companies   ("  ASC Topic 946  "). 
  The Master Fund's interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and the disclosure requirements as stipulated in Articles 6 and 10 of Regulation S-X, and therefore do not necessarily include all information and notes necessary for a fair statement of financial position and results of operations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("  GAAP  ").  In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated financial information for the interim period presented in this Report reflects all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of financial position and results from operations.  Operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year.  
  Principles of Consolidation 
    As provided under ASC Topic 946, the Master Fund will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company or an operating company whose business consists of providing substantially all of its services to the benefit of the Master Fund.  Accordingly, the Master Fund consolidated the results of its wholly-owned subsidiary in its consolidated financial statements.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation with no effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period, and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
  Cash 
  Cash consists of demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution and the amount recorded on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
  Restricted Cash 
  Restricted cash consists of demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution on behalf of Hamilton.  Hamilton may be restricted in the distribution of cash to the Master Fund, as governed by the terms of the Hamilton Credit Facility (see    Note 6. Borrowings   ). Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
  
   14 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Valuation of Investments  
  The Master Fund measures the value of its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement   (   ASC Topic 820   ), issued by the FASB. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, the Master Fund considers its principal market to be the market that has the greatest volume and level of activity. 
   ASC Topic 820 defines hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs used to determine fair values of assets and liabilities. The hierarchical levels and types of inputs used to measure fair value for each level are described as follows: 
  Level 1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. Publicly listed equities and debt securities, publicly listed derivatives, money market/short-term investment funds, and foreign currency are generally included in Level 1. The Master Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these investments. 
  Level 2 - Valuation inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from orderly transactions for similar investments in active markets between market participants and provided by reputable dealers or independent pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, independent pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from multiple dealers or brokers, pricing matrices, market transactions in comparable investments, and various relationships between investments. Investments generally included in this category are corporate bonds and loans. 
  Level 3 - Valuation inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation. Investments generally included in this category are illiquid corporate bonds and loans and preferred stock investments that lack observable market pricing. 
  In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Depending on the relative liquidity in the markets for certain investments, the Master Fund may transfer assets to Level 3 if it determines that observable quoted prices, obtained directly or indirectly, are severely limited, or not available, or otherwise not reliable. The Master Fund s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and the consideration of factors specific to the investment. 
  Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers, or market makers. With respect to the Master Fund s portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Master Fund s Board of Trustees is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of the Master Fund s portfolio investments in accordance with the valuation policy and procedures approved by the Board of Trustees, based on, among other things, the input of the Master Fund s Advisors and management, its audit committee, and independent third-party valuation firms.  The Master Fund and the Board of Trustees conduct their fair value determination process on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments is required.  
  The valuation techniques used by the Master Fund for the assets that are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are described below. 
  Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt:   Senior debt and subordinated debt investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using (i) market data for similar instruments (  e.g.  , recent transactions or indicative broker quotes), (ii) enterprise value coverage analysis, and/or (iii) valuation models. Valuation models may be based on investment yield analysis and discounted cash flow techniques, where the key inputs include risk-adjusted discount rates and required rates of return, based on the analysis of similar debt investments issued by similar issuers. 
  Equity/Other Investments:   Equity/other investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using valuation models in the absence of readily observable market prices. Valuation models are generally based on (i) market and income (discounted cash flow) approaches, in which various internal and external factors are considered, and (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") multiples analysis. Factors include key financial inputs and recent public and private transactions for comparable investments. Key inputs used for the discounted cash flow approach include the weighted average cost of capital and investment terminal values derived from EBITDA multiples. An illiquidity discount may be applied where appropriate. 
  The Master Fund utilizes several valuation techniques that use unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of its Level 3 investments. The valuation techniques, as well as the key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on the Master Fund s investments classified and valued as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy, are described in    Note 4. Fair   
  
   15 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Value of Financial Instruments   .  The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of the Master Fund s valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if the Master Fund had chosen to incorporate different unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions. 
  The determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of investments may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Master Fund was required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, the Master Fund could realize significantly less value than the value recorded by the Master Fund. 
  Security Transactions and Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses    
       Investments purchased on a secondary market basis are recorded on the trade date. Loan originations are recorded on the funding date. The Master Fund measures realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific lot identification method. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between (i) the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and (ii) the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Unrealized gains or losses primarily measure the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized gains or losses when gains or losses are realized. The amortized cost basis of investments includes (i) the original cost, net of original issue discount and loan origination fees, if any, and (ii) adjustments for the accretion/amortization of market discounts and premiums. The Master Fund reports changes in fair value of investments as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Interest Income 
  Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis and includes amortization of premiums to par value and accretion of discounts to par value. Discounts and premiums to par value on securities purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. Loan origination, closing, and other fees received by the Master Fund directly or indirectly from borrowers in connection with the closing of investments are accreted over the contractual life of the debt investment as interest income based on the effective interest method.  
  Certain of the Master Fund s investments in debt securities may contain a contractual payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest provision. The PIK provisions generally feature the obligation or the option at each interest payment date of making interest payments in (i) cash, (ii) additional securities or (iii) a combination of cash and additional securities. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in the investment s credit agreement, is accrued as interest income and recorded as interest receivable up to the interest payment date. On the interest payment date, the Master Fund will capitalize the accrued interest receivable attributable to PIK as additional principal due from the borrower. When additional PIK securities are received on the interest payment date, they typically have the same terms, including maturity dates and interest rates, as the original securities issued. PIK interest generally becomes due on the investment's maturity date or call date.  
  If the portfolio company's valuation indicates the value of the PIK security is not sufficient to cover the contractual PIK interest, the Master Fund will not accrue additional PIK interest income and will record an allowance for any accrued PIK interest receivable as a reduction of interest income in the period the Master Fund determines it is not collectible.  
  Debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are at least 90 days past due or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Generally, accrued interest is reversed against interest income when a debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on debt securities on non-accrual status may be recognized as interest income or applied to principal based on management s judgment. Debt securities on non-accrual status are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, such securities are likely to remain current on interest payment obligations. The Master Fund may make exceptions to this treatment if the debt security has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.  
  Dividend Income    
  Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Each distribution received from limited liability company ( LLC ) and limited partnership ( LP ) equity investments is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, the Master Fund will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the equity investment. 
  
   16 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Fee Income 
  The Advisors, or their affiliates, may provide financial advisory services to portfolio companies and in return may receive fees for capital structuring services. The Advisors are obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees based on the   pro rata   portion of the Master Fund s investment in originated co-investment transactions. These fees are generally non-recurring and are recognized as fee income by the Master Fund upon the earlier of the investment commitment date or investment closing date. The Master Fund may also receive fees for investment commitments, amendments to credit agreements, and other services rendered to portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as fee income when earned or when the services are rendered.  
  Management Fees 
  The Master Fund incurs (i) a base management fee (recorded as an investment advisory fee) and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee which includes (a) an incentive fee on income and (b) an incentive fee on capital gains, due to its Advisors pursuant to an investment advisory agreement described in    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions   . The two components of the performance-based incentive fee will be combined and expensed in the consolidated statements of operations and accrued in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as accrued performance-based incentive fee. Pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement) based on the Master Fund s realized capital gains on a     cumulative basis from inception, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. Although the terms of the investment advisory agreement do not provide for the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains, the Master Fund includes unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains in accordance with GAAP. Therefore the accrued amount, if any, represents an estimate of the incentive fees that may be payable to the Advisors if the Master Fund s entire investment portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the date of the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, even though the Advisors are not entitled to any incentive fee based on unrealized gains unless and until such unrealized gains are actually realized. 
  Deferred Financing Costs 
  Deferred financing costs represent fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of the Master Fund's borrowings. These costs are presented in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as a direct deduction of the debt liability to which the costs pertain. These costs are amortized using the effective interest method and are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations over the life of the borrowings. 
  Organization and Offering Expenses 
  Organization expenses are expensed on the Master Fund's consolidated statements of operations. Continuous offering expenses will be capitalized on the Master Fund's consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as deferred offering expenses and expensed to the Master Fund's consolidated statements of operations over a 12-month period. 
  Distributions 
    Distributions to the Master Fund's common shareholders are periodically declared by its Board of Trustees and recognized as a liability on the record date. 
  Earnings per Common Share 
  Earnings per Common Share is calculated based upon the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the reporting period. 
  Federal Income Taxes 
  Beginning with its tax year ended December 31, 2015, the Master Fund has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and thereafter intends to maintain its qualification, as a regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Generally, a   RIC   is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes dividends in a timely manner out of assets legally available for distributions to its shareholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90% of its  Investment Company Taxable Income,  as defined in the Code. The Master Fund intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate paying a material level of federal income taxes.  
  The Master Fund is generally subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of its capital gain net income (  i.e.  , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which the Master Fund paid no federal income tax. The Master Fund may, at its discretion, pay a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution of taxable ordinary income and capital gains.  
  
   17 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Note 3.  Investments  
    The following two tables present the composition of the investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, with corresponding percentages of total portfolio investments at fair value and net assets (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, approximately 5.6% of the investment portfolio measured at amortized cost and 5.7% of the investment portfolio measured at fair value were invested in portfolio companies with foreign domiciles, specifically Canada. As of December 31, 2015, approximately 1.9% of the investment portfolio measured at amortized cost and 2.0% of the investment portfolio measured at fair value were invested in a Canadian portfolio company. 
  As of September 30, 2016, debt investments on non-accrual status represented 2.1% and 1.4% of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value basis, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, there were no debt investments on non-accrual status. 
  
   18 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The following table presents the composition of the investment portfolio by industry classifications at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, with corresponding percentages of total portfolio investments at fair value (in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    Portfolio companies may include insurance brokers that are not classified as insurance companies.  
     
   19 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Note 4.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The following two tables present the segmentation of the investment portfolio, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, according to the fair value hierarchy as described in    Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies    (in thousands): 

20 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Significant Level 3 Unobservable Inputs 
  The following table provides quantitative information related to the significant Level 3 unobservable inputs associated with the determination of fair value for certain investments as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    Investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value.  
              (2) 
    For the assets and investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0-100%.  
              (3) 
    A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values.  
              (4) 
    This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements.  
              (5) 
    The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans.  Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by the Advisors in conjunction with additional information compiled by them, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. 
     In addition to the Level 3 valuation methodologies and unobservable inputs noted above, the Master Fund, in accordance with its valuation policy, may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining the fair value estimates for its investments. 

21 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The following table provides quantitative information related to the significant Level 3 unobservable inputs associated with the determination of fair value for certain investments as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    Investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value.  
              (2) 
    For the assets and investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0-100%.  
              (3) 
    A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values.  
              (4) 
    This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements.  
              (5) 
    The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans.  Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by the Advisors in conjunction with additional information compiled by them, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. 

22 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The following tables present a roll-forward in the fair value changes for all investments for which the Master Fund determines fair value using Level 3 unobservable inputs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments, including the capitalization of PIK dividend income. 
              (2) 
    Included in net realized gain (loss) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations.  
              (3) 
    Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
              (4) 
    Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments and proceeds from sales of investments. 
              (5) 
    The Master Fund transfers investments in and out of Level 1, 2 and 3 securities at the value of the investment as of the beginning of the period based on changes in the use of observable inputs utilized to perform the valuation for the period. 
              (6) 
    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, one investment was transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 as valuation coverage was initiated by one or more independent pricing services. 
              (7) 
    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, one investment was transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as valuation coverage was reduced by one independent pricing service. 
     
   23 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

The following table presents a roll-forward in the fair value changes for all investments for which the Master Fund determines fair value using Level 3 unobservable inputs for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments, including the capitalization of PIK dividend income.  
               (3) 
    Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
              (4) 
    Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments, proceeds from sales of investments and distributions received on equity investments classified as return of capital, if any.  
              (5) 
    The Master Fund transfers investments in and out of Level 1, 2 and 3 securities at the value of the investment as of the beginning of the period based on changes in the use of observable inputs utilized to perform the valuation for the period. 
              (6) 
    For the three months ended September 30, 2015, one investment was transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 as valuation coverage was initiated by one or more independent pricing services. 
     Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, At Fair Value 
  The carrying value of credit facility payable approximates its fair value and it is considered to be classified as a Level 3 liability in the fair value hierarchy. 

24 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Note 5.  Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
  The Advisor, its affiliates, and/or GPIM may receive, as applicable, compensation for (i) investment advisory services, (ii) reimbursement of expenses in connection with investment advisory activities, administrative services and organizing the Master Fund, (iii) capital markets services in connection with the raising of equity capital for feeder funds affiliated with the Master Fund, and (iv) lending capital to the Master Fund.   
  All of the Master Fund s executive officers, except its chief executive officer and chief compliance officer, also serve as executive officers of the Advisor. Its chief executive officer also serves as chief executive officer of WPC, the Advisor's ultimate parent.  
  Related Party Capital Contributions and Ownership of Common Shares 
  On December 19, 2014, the Master Fund entered into a capital contribution agreement for the sale of 2,777,778 Common Shares to the Advisor for consideration of $25.0 million. The Advisor periodically receives distributions in connection with its ownership of Common Shares. 
  The Master Fund is also affiliated with Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("  CCIF 2016T  ") and Carey Credit Income Fund - I ("  CCIF-I  "), two feeder funds whose registration statements to issue $1 billion in feeder fund common shares became effective on July 24, 2015 and July 31, 2015, respectively. The memberships of the Boards of Trustees for the Master Fund, CCIF 2016T, and CCIF-I are identical. The feeder funds have invested, and intend to continue to invest, substantially all of the proceeds from their public offerings of their common shares in the acquisition of the Master Fund's Common Shares. 
  Investment Advisory Agreements and Compensation of the Advisors 
  On February 27, 2015, the Master Fund entered into (i) an investment advisory agreement (the "  Investment Advisory Agreement  ") with the Advisor and (ii) an investment sub-advisory agreement  (the "  Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement  ") with the Advisor and GPIM. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Master Fund agreed to pay the Advisor an investment advisory fee consisting of two components: (i) a base management fee and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee. Under the Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement, the Advisor directly compensates GPIM for its investment sub-advisory services.  In addition, the Advisors are entitled to reimbursement of certain expenses incurred on behalf of the Master Fund in connection with investment operations and investment transactions. 
  Management Fee:   The management fee (recorded as an investment advisory fee) is calculated at the following annual rates based on the simple average of the Master Fund's gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar months and is payable monthly in arrears: 
  Annual Rate for Management Fee 
     2.000% on the portion of the Master Fund's gross assets below $1 billion; 
     1.875% on the portion of the Master Fund's gross assets between $1 billion and $2 billion; and  
     1.750% on the portion of the Master Fund's gross assets above $2 billion. 
  Performance-based Incentive Fee:   The performance-based incentive fee consists of two parts: (i) an incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains. 
           (i) 
    The incentive fee on income is paid quarterly, if earned; it is computed as the sum of (A) 100% of quarterly pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 1.875% of average adjusted capital up to a limit of 2.344% of average adjusted capital, and (B) 20% of pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 2.344% of average adjusted capital, and  
              (ii) 
    The incentive fee on capital gains is paid annually, if earned; it is equal to 20% of realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, net of (A) all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception, and (B) the aggregate amount, if any, of previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. 
     All fees are computed in accordance with a detailed fee calculation methodology as approved by the Board of Trustees. On February  27, 2015, the Advisor permanently waived all investment advisory and performance-based incentive fee under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement through and including October 7, 2015. 
  Unless earlier terminated, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date they first become effective and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Master Fund's Independent Trustees and either the Master Fund's Board of Trustees or the holders of a majority of the Master Fund's outstanding voting securities. 
  Administrative Services Agreement 
  On October 3, 2016, the Master Fund entered into an amended and restated administrative services agreement with the Advisor, (the "  Administrative Services Agreement  ") whereby the Advisor agreed to provide administrative services to the Master Fund, including office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping, and record-keeping services. More specifically, the Advisor, serving as the administrator, performs and oversees the Master Fund's required administrative services, which include financial and corporate record-keeping, preparing and disseminating the Master Fund's reports to its shareholders and filing reports with the SEC.  In addition, the Advisor assists in determining net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of tax returns,  
  
   25 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

oversees the payment of expenses and distributions, and oversees the performance of administrative and professional services fees rendered by others. For providing these services, facilities, and personnel, the Master Fund reimburses the Advisor for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Advisor in performing its obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement.  Prior to October 7, 2015, the Master Fund had no obligation to reimburse the Advisor for any services or other expenses incurred directly by the Advisor or its affiliates, excluding any expenses of third-party service providers incurred by the Advisor or its affiliates on the Master Fund's behalf. 
  Unless earlier terminated, the Administrative Services Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Master Fund's Board of Trustees and the Master Fund's Independent Trustees. 
  Organization and Offering Costs 
  On August 17, 2015, the Master Fund entered into an organization and offering expense reimbursement agreement (the "  O O Agreement  ") with the Advisor and GPIM.  Under the O O Agreement the Master Fund reimburses the Advisor and GPIM for costs incurred on the Master Fund's behalf, including, but not limited to, legal services, audit services, printer services, and the registration of securities under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "  Exchange Act  "). The reimbursement of organization and offering expenses is conditional on the raise of equity capital from the sale of  Master Fund's Common Shares. Any such reimbursements will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Advisors, and the Advisors will be responsible for the payment of the Master Fund's cumulative organization and offering expenses to the extent they exceed 1.5% of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of the Master Fund's Common Shares, without recourse against or reimbursement by the Master Fund. The Advisors waived reimbursement in connection with equity capital raised during the months of November and December and the reimbursement waiver expired on December 31, 2015.  As of September 30, 2016, the Advisors have incurred organization and offering costs on behalf of the Master Fund, net of any reimbursement received from the Master Fund, in the approximate amount of less than $0.1 million. Under the terms of the O O Agreement, the Master Fund periodically reimburses the Advisors for organization and offering expenses they have incurred based on equity capital raised from Private Offerings. 
  Dealer Manager Agreement 
  On July 17, 2015, the Master Fund entered into an amended and restated dealer manager agreement  (the "  Dealer Manager Agreement  ") with Carey Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "  Dealer Manager  "), CCIF 2016T and CCIF-I. The Dealer Manager is an affiliate of the Advisor. Under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Dealer Manager is to act on a best efforts basis as the exclusive dealer manager for (i) CCIF 2016T's and CCIF-I's public offerings of common shares and (ii) the public offering of common shares for future feeder funds affiliated with the Master Fund. Each feeder fund, not the Master Fund, is responsible for the compensation of the Dealer Manager pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement; therefore fees compensating the Dealer Manager are not presented in this report. 
  Structuring Fees 
  The Advisors are obligated to remit to the Company any earned capital structuring fees based on the Company s   pro rata   portion of the co-investment transactions or originated investments in which the Company participates.  
  
   26 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Summary of Related Party Transactions for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 
  The following table presents the related party fees, expenses, transactions and distributions on Common Shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (in thousands): 

______________  
           (1) 
    No investment advisory fee was waived for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Waived investment advisory fee for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $0.4 million and $0.8 million, respectively. 
              (2) 
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, none of the performance-based incentive fee was payable to the Advisors and therefore recorded performance-based incentive fee is not included in the table above.  See    Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies    - Management Fees. 
     Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 
    On June 28, 2016 the Master Fund was granted a SEC exemptive order which grants the Master Fund exemptive relief permitting the Master Fund, subject to the satisfaction of specific conditions and requirements, to co-invest in privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of the Advisors.  
  Indemnification 
  The Investment Advisory Agreement, Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement, and Administrative Services Agreement provide certain indemnifications to the Advisors, their directors, officers, persons associated with the Advisors, and their affiliates, including the administrator. In addition, the Master Fund's Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents, and certain other persons. As of September 30, 2016, management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnifications is remote. 
   
  Note 6.  Borrowings 
  Hamilton Credit Facility 
  On December 17, 2015, Hamilton entered into a senior-secured term loan (the    Hamilton Credit Facility   ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator, and securities intermediary. The Hamilton Credit Facility provides for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of $175.0 million on a committed basis with an overall four-year term and a three-year draw-down term; all loan advances and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable on December 17, 2019. The interest rate is 3-month   LIBOR  +2.65% per annum and interest is payable quarterly in arrears. All investments owned  
  
   27 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

by, and all cash on hand with, Hamilton are held as collateral for the Hamilton Credit Facility.  As of September 30, 2016, Hamilton was in compliance with all material terms and covenants related to the Hamilton Credit Facility. Hamilton incurred certain customary costs and expenses in connection with obtaining the Hamilton Credit Facility, and the loan agreement provides for conditional undrawn fees and unused commitment fees. 
  During the period between June 17, 2016 and September 16, 2016, Hamilton was subject to an undrawn fee of 265 basis points per annum on the amount of i) $100 million less ii) the outstanding loan amount.  Beginning on September 17, 2016 and ending December 16, 2018, Hamilton is subject to an undrawn fee of 265 basis points per annum on the amount, if any, of i) $150 million less ii) the outstanding loan amount. In the period commencing September 17, 2016 and ending December 17, 2018, Hamilton is obligated to pay an annual unused commitment fee of 100 basis points on the difference, if any, between $175 million and the greater of i) the outstanding loan amount and ii) $150 million. 
  Hamilton's borrowings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Carrying value is equal to outstanding principal amount net of unamortized financing costs. 
              (2) 
    Interest rate as of the end of the reporting period (3-month LIBOR+2.65%) and the base interest rate (  i.e.   3-month LIBOR) are subject to quarterly changes. Interest rate is calculated as a the weighted average interest rates of all tranches currently outstanding. Interest rate does not include the amortization of upfront fees and expenses that were incurred in connection with the Hamilton Credit Facility. 
      
  Note 7.  Commitments and Contingencies 
  The amounts associated with unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in the Master Fund s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Since these commitments and the associated amounts may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Master Fund s unfunded commitments consisted of the following (in thousands):  

______________________ 
           (1) 
    May be commitments to one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company.  
     As of September 30, 2016, the Master Fund s unfunded commitments have increased in fair value by $0.2 million which is recorded on the consolidated schedule of investments and included in investments at fair value on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. The Master Fund and Hamilton have sufficient liquidity to fund these commitments should the funding requirement occur. 
   
  Note 8.  Earnings Per Common Share 
  The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (  i.e.,   earnings per Common Share) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (in thousands, except share and per share data):  
  
   28 

______________  
           (1) 
    Earnings (loss) per Common Share, both basic and diluted, were equivalent during the period because there were no Common Share equivalents outstanding during the period. 
      
  Note 9.  Financial Highlights 
  The following per Common Share data and financial ratios have been derived from information provided in the consolidated financial statements. The following is a schedule of financial highlights during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

29 

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  (Unaudited) 

Note 9: Financial Highlights (continued) 
           (1)  
    The per Common Share data was derived by using the weighted average Common Shares outstanding during the period. 
              (2) 
    The amount shown at this caption is the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule. The amount shown at this caption for a Common Share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in the aggregate gains and losses in portfolio securities for the period because of the timing of sales of the Master Fund s Common Shares in relation to fluctuating market values for the portfolio.  
              (3) 
    The per Common Share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per Common Share outstanding during the entire period; distributions per Common Share are rounded to the nearest $0.01. 
              (4) 
    Total investment return is a measure of total return for shareholders, assuming the purchase of the Master Fund s Common Shares at the beginning of the period and the reinvestment of all distributions declared during the period. More specifically, total investment return is based on (i) the purchase of Common Shares at net asset value on the first day of the period, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period, of (A) all purchased Common Shares plus (B) any fractional Common Shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions, and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return calculation assumes that cash distributions are reinvested concurrent with the issuance of Common Shares at the most recent transaction price on or prior to each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Master Fund s Common Shares, then the terminal sales price per Common Share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period. Total investment return is not annualized. The Master Fund s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
              (5) 
    The computation of average net assets, average outstanding borrowings, and average value of portfolio securities during the period is based on averaging the amount on the first day of the first month of the period and the last day of each month during the period. Ratios-to-average net assets are not annualized.  
              (6) 
    Portfolio turnover is calculated as the lesser of (i) purchases of portfolio securities or (ii) the aggregate total of sales of portfolio securities plus any prepayments received divided by the monthly average of the value of portfolio securities owned by the Master Fund during the fiscal year. 
              (7) 
    Asset coverage ratio is equal to (i) the sum of (A) net assets at the end of the period and (B) total senior securities issued at the end of the period, divided by (ii) total senior securities at the end of the period. 
      
  Note 10.   Distributions 
  The following table summarizes the distributions that the Master Fund paid on its Common Shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands, except per Share amounts): 

Note 11.   Subsequent Events 
    The Master Fund had issued 1,618,007 Common Shares subsequent to September 30, 2016 through and including November 8, 2016, resulting in a $13.5 million increase in equity capital. 
  On October 3, 2016, the SEC issued a notice of effectiveness for the registration statement of Carey Credit Income Fund 2017 T (file number 333-211613), a feeder fund affiliate of the Master Fund. 
  On November 10, 2016, the Company filed a tender offer statement with the SEC on Schedule TO. The Company offered to purchase up to 226,583 Common Shares at a cash price of $8.31 per Common Share. The tender offer will expire on December 23, 2016 at 5:00 PM, central time. 
   
  Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  The information contained in this Item 2 should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report. Unless otherwise noted, the terms "we," "us," "our," and "Master Fund" refer to Carey Credit Income Fund. Capitalized terms used in this Item 2 have the same meaning as in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements presented in    Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   , unless otherwise defined herein. 
  Overview 
  We are a specialty finance investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Formed as a Delaware statutory trust on September 5, 2014, we are externally managed by the Advisors, which are responsible for sourcing  
  
   30 

potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain, or sell, and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. 
  We serve as the master fund in a master/feeder fund structure in that one or more feeder funds (each, a    Feeder Fund   ), each a separate closed-end management investment company that has adopted our investment objectives and strategies, invests substantially all of its equity capital in our Common Shares. Presently, our shareholders are the two initial shareholders and the existing Feeder Funds.  
  We conduct private offerings (each a    Private Offering   ) of our Shares to the Feeder Funds in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. While we expect to continuously offer our Shares and have an indefinite life, each Feeder Fund features a specific period for the offering of its Common Shares, and each Feeder Fund has a specified finite term to realize a terminal liquidity event. 
  Investment Objectives and Investment Strategy 
  Our investment objectives are to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation, and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. There can be no assurances that any of these investment objectives will be achieved. 
  Our investment strategy is continuously focused on creating and growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring our investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, we use the resources of our Advisors to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value. We believe our flexible approach to investing allows us to take advantage of opportunities that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics. 
  We primarily focus on the following investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 
             
    Senior Debt.    Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. The senior debt classification includes senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, and senior secured bonds. In some circumstances, the secured lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors.  
                
    Subordinated Debt.   Subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security, with the principal due at maturity.  
                
    Equity Investments  .  Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired  alongside  senior and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated primarily through regular or inconstant dividends and realized gains on dispositions of such investments.  
     We intend to meet our investment objectives by investing primarily in large, privately-negotiated loans to private middle market U.S. companies. Specifically, we expect a typical borrower to have EBITDA of $25 million to $100 million and annual revenue ranging from $50 million to $1 billion. We seek to invest in businesses that have a strong reason to exist and have demonstrated competitive and strategic advantages. These companies generally possess distinguishing business characteristics, such as a leading competitive position in a well-defined market niche, unique brands, sustainable profitability and cash flow, and experienced management. We anticipate that our investments will sit senior (generally as senior secured debt) in a borrower s capital structure and have repayment priority over other parts of a borrower s capital structure (  i.e.  , subordinated debt, preferred and common equity). By investing in a more senior attachment point of a borrower s capital structure, we expect to protect our principal with less risk, which we believe provides for a distinctive risk/return profile as compared to that of a typical middle market or private equity alternative investment. In addition to privately-negotiated loans, we may invest in opportunities that include more broadly syndicated assets, such as bank loans and corporate bonds. In these instances,  our portfolio is more heavily weighted towards floating-rate investments, whose revenue streams may increase in a rising interest rate environment. We may also invest in fixed-rate investments, options, or other forms of equity participation, and, to a limited extent and not as a principal investment strategy, structured products such as collateralized loan obligations ( CLOs ) and collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ). We seek to make investments which have favorable characteristics, including closing fees, prepayment premiums, lender-friendly control provisions, and lender-friendly covenants. 
  Our portfolio includes investments  in securities that are rated below investment grade (  e.g.,   junk bonds) by rating agencies,  or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated and have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. These investments may also be illiquid and feature variances in opinions of  fair value and market prices. A material amount of our debt investments in portfolio companies may contain interest rate reset provisions that may present challenges for the borrowers to continue paying periodic interest to us. In addition, a material amount of our debt investments may not pay down principal until the end of their lifetimes, which could result in a substantial loss to us if the portfolio companies are unable to refinance or repay their debts at maturity. 
  Our investment strategy leverages the skills and depth of our Advisors  research teams and credit investment platforms that feature a relative value perspective across all corporate credit asset types. We believe these elements create a larger, proprietary  
  
   31 

opportunity set and increases the potential for the generation of  a wide spectrum of value-risk investment ideas to us. We intend for our investment strategy to access investments with attractive combinations of reward and risk, better economics, and stronger lender protections than those offered in traditional loan transactions. We also intend to deploy our direct loan origination investment platform and apply it to our portfolio company business relationships. 
  Our investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy privately-owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability of credit to finance merger and acquisition transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments we currently seek and intend to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital we raise from the sale of our Shares, and the amount of capital we may borrow. 
  We acquire our portfolio investments through the following investment access channels: 
             
    Direct Originations:   This channel consists of investments that are originated through our Advisors' relationship networks.  Such investments are originated or structured for us or made by us and are not generally available to the broader investment market.  These investments may include both debt and equity investment components.  
                
    Primary Issuances:   This channel primarily includes the     participation in private placement transactions that are made available to, and become closely held by, a relatively small group of institutional investors. These transactions are typically originated and arranged by investment intermediaries other than our Advisors.  
                
    Secondary Market Transactions:   This channel primarily includes investments in broadly syndicated loans, high yield notes and bonds, and other investments that are generally owned by a wide range of investors and made available through various trading markets.  
     We will continue to borrow money from time to time within the levels permitted by the 1940 Act, which generally allows us to incur leverage of up to 50% of our total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities. The use of borrowed funds, or the proceeds of a preferred stock offering, to finance investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds or issuing preferred stock are borne by holders of our Shares. 
  Revenues 
  We generate revenues primarily in the form of interest on the debt securities of portfolio companies that we acquire and hold for investment purposes.  Our investments in debt securities generally have expected maturities of one to eight years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity, and typically earn interest at fixed rates or floating rates. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable to us quarterly or semi-annually. The outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the respective maturity dates. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of dividends from preferred and common equity investments, amortization of original issue discount, prepayment fees, commitment fees, origination fees, and fees for providing significant managerial assistance. 
  Operating Expenses 
  Our primary operating expenses include an investment advisory fee and, depending on our operating results, a performance-based incentive fee, interest expense, administrative services, related party reimbursements, custodian and accounting services, and other third-party professional services fees and expenses. The investment advisory and performance-based incentive fees compensate the Advisors for their services in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing, and monitoring our investments. 
   
  Financial and Operating Highlights 
  The following tables present financial and operating highlights (i) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and (ii) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

32 

Portfolio and Investment Activity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and for the Year Ended December 31, 2015  
  We commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015.  On June 28, 2016 we were granted a SEC exemptive order which grants us exemptive relief and expands our ability to co-invest with specific affiliates in privately negotiated transactions.  Accordingly, within the three month period ended September 30, 2016, our investment activity was dominated in sourcing 18 debt investments through our direct origination channel (81.1%); for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the combination of direct origination and primary issuance activity represented (84.1%), of total capital invested, and the remainder was through secondary market channels (  i.e.,   syndicated investments).   
  The following table presents our investment activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

33 

The following table presents the composition of our investment portfolio by access channel as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table presents a breakdown of our direct origination component as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

_______________________ 
           (1)  
    Represents investments across 12 portfolio companies. 
     The following table presents selected information regarding our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):  

_______________________ 
           (1)  
    Based on trailing twelve months EBITDA as most recently reported by portfolio companies, but not as of September 30, 2016.  Weighted average portfolio company EBITDA is calculated using weights based on amortized cost. 
     
   34 

(2) 
    Calculated as a percentage of par value for both debt investments and preferred equity investments. 
              (3) 
    Duration is a measure of a debt investment's price sensitivity to 100 basis points ("bps") change in interest rates.  It represents an inverse relationship between price and the change in interest rates. For example, if a bond has a duration of 5.0 years and interest rates increase by 100 bps, then the bond price is expected to decrease by 5%. Weighted average duration is calculated using weights based on amortized cost. 
              (4) 
    Percent is presented as a percentage of the fair value of all debt investments. 
              (5) 
    Weighted average effective yield  by investment type is calculated as the effective yield of each investment and weighted by its amortized cost as compared to the aggregate amortized cost of all investments of that investment type. Effective yield is the return earned on an investment net of any discount, premium, or issuance costs. Non-income producing assets are excluded.  
              (6) 
    Gross portfolio yield excludes cash and restricted cash. The gross portfolio yield is higher than what investors in our Company will realize because it does not include the Company's operating expenses. 
     All of our floating interest rate debt investments have base interest rate reset frequencies of twelve months or less, with the majority resetting at least quarterly.  LIBO rates ranged between 0.531% for the 1-Month LIBOR to 1.552% for the 12-Month LIBOR on September 30, 2016.  Base interest rate resets for floating interest rate debt investments will only result in increases in interest income when the base interest rate exceeds the associated interest rate floor (  e.g  ., 1.0%).   
  As of September 30, 2016 we had three debt investments on non-accrual status associated with three portfolio companies, two of which are in the Energy: Oil and Gas industry and one of which is in the Metals   Mining industry. In May of 2016, two of the portfolio companies voluntarily filed petitions to reorganize under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
  The following table presents the maturity schedule of our debt investments, excluding unfunded commitments, based on their principal amount as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The following table presents the credit ratings of investments in our investment portfolio based upon the rating scale of Standard   Poor's Ratings Services, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

35 

Results of Operations 
  We commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015 and therefore comparative operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is not representative of a full nine months of operations. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

Investment Income  
  Investment income consisted of the following components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (in thousands):  

The increase in investment income was driven by (i) the growth in the portfolio of investments and (ii) an increase in the yield on the portfolio of investments.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 average investments at cost was $184.7 million and $136.6 million, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 average investments at cost was $72.3 million and $36.1 million, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 annualized yield on average investments at cost was 8.04% and 7.20%, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 annualized yield on average investments at cost was 7.28% and 6.72%, respectively. 
  Dividend income consisted of PIK dividends on one preferred stock investment. The issuer of the preferred stock ceased paying preferred dividends beginning in April 2016. 
  Our fee income is comprised of the following fee classifications and is nonrecurring; 

36 

Operating Expenses  
  Operating expenses consisted of the following major components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (in thousands): 

On February 27, 2015 (the execution date for investment advisory agreements), the Advisor permanently waived all investment advisory and performance-based incentive fees under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement through and including October 7, 2015. Accordingly, the Advisor waived $0.4 and $0.8 million, respectively, of investment advisory fee in the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015. 
  The operating expenses presented above do not represent our normalized operations since we expect our operating expenses to increase as our equity capital base increases. 
  The composition of our administrative and professional services fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

37 

The composition of our interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

Hamilton Credit Facility features a contractual interest rate of 3-Month   LIBOR  +2.65%, which was 3.51% as of September 30, 2016. Interest expense in the table above also includes all applicable undrawn fees and unused commitment fees as described in    Note 6. Borrowings.  
  Net Realized Gain (Loss) on Investments 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had dispositions and principal repayments of $36.1 million, resulting in a net realized gain of $0.5 million.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had dispositions and principal repayments of $59.6 million, resulting in a net realized gain of $0.5 million.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015 we had dispositions and principal repayments of $10.8 million resulting in a net realized loss of less than $0.1 million.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we had dispositions and principal repayments of $10.9 million resulting in a net realized loss of less than $0.1 million. 
  Changes in Unrealized Appreciation and Depreciation on Investments 
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the components of total net changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on (i) all investments and (ii) investments classified as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy were comprised of the following (in thousands): 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Amount is net of any reclassification of realized gain or loss on investment. 
       
  Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, net cash used in operating activities was $141.5 million and $73.7 million respectively, which was concentrated in the acquisition of investments net of sales and prepayments. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $143.5 million, which primarily consisted of borrowings of $58.0 million, issuance of Common Shares of $88.9 million, financing cash outflows of $0.2 million, and $3.1 million for distributions paid to shareholders. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $27.9 million which was composed of borrowings related to the Promissory Notes entered into with the Lender net of distributions paid to shareholders. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Unfunded Commitments 
  Unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Our unfunded commitments may be significant from time to time. Unfunded commitments may expire without being drawn upon, and the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  As of September 30,  
  
   38 

2016, we had six unfunded commitments totaling $5.2 million as compared to one unfunded commitment totaling $0.8 million as of December 31, 2015. See    Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies    for specific identification of the unfunded commitments.  We believe we maintain sufficient liquidity in the form of cash (including restricted cash), receivables, and borrowing capacity to fund this unfunded commitment should the need arise. See    Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources   . 
   
  Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary sources of cash include: (i) the incremental sale of our Shares to the related party feeder funds, (ii) incremental borrowings under various financing arrangements, (iii) cash flows from interest, dividends, and transaction fees earned from investment in portfolio companies, and (iv) incremental principal repayments and sale proceeds from our investments. Our primary uses of cash include: (i) investments in portfolio companies, (ii) payments of operating expenses, (iii) interest payments on, and repayment of, borrowings, (iv) cash distributions to our shareholders, and (v) periodic repurchases of our Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had $14.2 million of cash (including restricted cash) on hand and approximately $21.4 million of unused borrowing capacity to cover $5.2 million in unfunded investment commitments. 
  We may from time to time enter into additional credit facilities and borrowing arrangements to increase the amount of our borrowings as our equity capital foundation increases. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty what terms any such financing would have or the costs we would incur in connection with any such financing arrangements.  We are required to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio (total assets-to-senior securities) of 200% under the 1940 Act. 
  The table below summarizes certain financing obligations and Feeder Fund liquidity targets that are expected to have an impact on our liquidity and cash flow in specified future interval periods (in thousands): 

_______________________ 
           (1)  
    Interest on borrowings, undrawn fees, and unused commitment fees are based on the amount drawn on the   Hamilton Credit Facility   as of September 30, 2016 and consideration of (i) contractual minimum utilization commitments and (ii) the maximum commitment amount. Incremental borrowings after September 30, 2016 would i) increase interest expense and ii) reduce undrawn and unused commitment fees. See    Note 6. Borrowings    for a detailed description of undrawn fees and unused commitment fees . 
              (2)  
    The forecast of interest expense on borrowings is based on the prevailing interest rate as of the most recent interest reset date (LIBOR+2.65%) and it is subject to quarterly base interest rate changes. 
              (3)  
    The   Feeder Fund   liquidity amounts are based on the net asset value of each   Feeder Fund  's ownership interest in the   Master Fund   as of September 30, 2016. The liquidity provisions for   CCIF 2016T   and   CCIF-I   stipulate that they intend to provide liquidity to their shareholders from a liquidation of their ownership interest of the   Master Fund   on or before December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2040, respectively, subject to each Feeder Fund's pursuit of other liquidity alternatives and timing adjustments. 
      
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Valuation of Investments 
  Our investments consist primarily of investments in senior and subordinated debt of private  middle market U.S. companies and are presented in our unaudited consolidated financial statements at fair value. See    Note 3. Investments    for more information on our investments. As described more fully in    Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies    and    Note 4. Fair Value of Financial Instruments   , a valuation hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence available regarding value is used to measure the fair value of our investments. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers, or market makers. With respect to our portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Trustees is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of our portfolio investments in accordance with, and through the consistent application of, the valuation  
  
   39 

policy and procedures approved by our Board of Trustees, based on, among other things, the input of our Advisors and any independent third-party valuation firms. 
  We utilize valuation techniques that use unobservable inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of our  investments classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. For senior debt and subordinated debt classified as Level 3 fair value investments, we initially value the investment at its initial transaction price and subsequently value the investment using (i) market data for similar instruments (  e.g  ., recent transactions or indicative broker quotes) and/or (ii) valuation models. Valuation models are based on EBITDA  multiples to determine enterprise value and debt multiple ratios where the key inputs are based on relative value analysis of similar credit investments issued by similar portfolio companies. The valuation techniques used by us for other types of assets that are classified as Level 3 investments are described in    Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies   . The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of our valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if we had chosen to incorporate different unobservable inputs and assumptions. 
  We and our Board of Trustees conduct our fair value determination process on a quarterly basis and any other time when a material decision regarding the fair value of our portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of these portfolio investments may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than exchange-traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the fair value recorded by us. 
  The table below presents information on investments classified as Level 3 according to the valuation hierarchy within the investment portfolio on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The ranges of unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our investments classified as Level 3 fair valued as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented in    Note 4. Fair Value of Financial Instruments   , as well as the directional impact to the investments' valuation from an increase or decrease in the associated unobservable inputs. 
  In addition to impacting the estimated fair value recorded for our investments in our unaudited consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, had we used different key unobservable inputs to determine the estimated fair value of our investments, amounts recorded in our unaudited consolidated statements of operations, including the net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments, investment advisory and performance-based incentive fees would also be impacted since such amounts are directly determined by the estimated fair value of our assets. For instance, a 5% increase in the fair value of our Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2016, assuming all other estimates remain unchanged, would result in a $5.2 million increase in net change in unrealized appreciation on investments, a $0.1 million increase in the investment advisory fee payable to our Advisors, a $1.0 million increase performance-based incentive fee recorded on the statement of operations for the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016, a $4.1 million net increase in net assets resulting from operations, a $0.29 and $0.40 increase in our earnings per share for the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016, respectively, and a $0.24 increase in our net asset value per share as of September 30, 2016. Comparatively a 5% increase in the fair value of our Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2015, assuming all other estimates remain unchanged, would result in a $1.4 million increase in net change in unrealized appreciation on investments, a less than $0.1 million increase in the investment advisory fee payable to our Advisors, a $1.4 million increase in our net increase in net assets resulting from operations, a $0.24 increase in our earnings per share, and a $0.24 increase in our net asset value per share. 
  Management Fees 
  See    Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies   . 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  We have entered into certain agreements under which we have material future commitments.   
  In 2015, we entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement and an Administrative Services Agreement with the Advisor and, to a limited extent, an Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement with the Advisor and GPIM. See    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions    for a more detailed description of these agreements. All investment advisory and performance-based incentive fees described in the Investment Advisory and Sub-Advisory Agreements had been waived by the Advisor for the period starting February 27, 2015 to and including October 7, 2015. 
  
   40 

If the Investment Advisory Agreement or Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement is terminated, our costs may increase under any replacement investment advisory agreement that we subsequently enter into. We would also likely incur expenses in identifying and evaluating candidates to provide the services we expect to receive under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Administrative Services Agreement, and/or Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement. Any replacement investment advisory or sub-advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our shareholders. 
  In 2015, we entered into the O O Agreement with the Advisor and GPIM.  Under the O O Agreement we reimburse the Advisor and GPIM for organization and offering costs that the Advisors incurred on our behalf. See    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions    for a more detailed description of the O O Agreement. 
  In 2015, Hamilton, a wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary of the Master Fund, entered into the Hamilton Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary. The Hamilton Credit Facility provides for delayed-draw borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of $175.0 million on a committed basis during the initial three years of the four-year credit facility term. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had borrowed $97.0 million and $39.0 million, respectively, and such amounts are due and payable no later than December 17, 2019.  See    Note 6. Borrowings   . 
   
  Related Party Transactions 
  We have entered into agreements with the Advisor, certain of its affiliates, and GPIM, whereby we agreed to pay certain fees to, and to reimburse certain expenses of, these affiliates for investment advisory services and investment-related and administrative costs incurred on our behalf.  See    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions    for a discussion of related party transactions, investment advisory fee, reimbursement of administrative services expenses, and lending and interest payments between related parties. 
  Organization and Offering Expenses and Reimbursement Arrangements with Advisors 
    See    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions   . 
  Advisor Reimbursement for Administrative Services Expenses 
  We reimburse the Advisor for its expenses in connection with the provision of administrative services to us. However, such reimbursement will be made at an amount equal to the lower of the Advisor's actual costs or the amount that we would be required to pay for comparable administrative services in the same geographic location. Also, such costs will be reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records, or other reasonable allocation methods. We do not reimburse the Advisor for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of the Advisor.      
  Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 
  On June 28, 2016, the SEC issued an order to grant exemptive relief to the Master Fund which allows it to  co-invest with certain of its affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, including investments originated and directly negotiated by its Advisors, subject to a set of conditions and requirements.  
  
   41 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, 93.2% of our debt investments, or approximately $205.4 million measured at fair value, is subject to variable interest rates. Our sole credit facility is also subject to changes in its 3-Month   LIBOR   base interest rate. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income for our variable rate debt investments, (ii) value declines for fixed rate investments we may hold, and (iii) higher interest expense in connection with our floating rate credit facility. To the extent that a majority of our investments may be in variable rate investments, an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest rates may also make it easier for the Advisors to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for performance based incentive fees as described in    Note 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions   . 
  Based on our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and investment holdings as of September 30, 2016, the following table presents the approximate annualized increase (decrease) in (i) interest income from our investment portfolio, (ii) interest expense associated with our floating rate credit facility, and (iii) the net increase or decrease of interest-related income and expense, directly resulting from hypothetical changes in base interest rates (  e.g.,   LIBOR  ), assuming no changes in the composition of our investment portfolio and capital structure (in thousands): 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our disclosure controls and procedures include internal controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in this and other reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the required time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that no system of controls can provide complete assurance of achieving a company s objectives and that future events may impact the effectiveness of a system of controls.  
  Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after conducting an evaluation, together with members of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of September 30, 2016 at a reasonable level of assurance. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  During the most recent fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
  At September 30, 2016, neither we, nor any of our subsidiaries, were subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or our subsidiaries. 
  From time to time, we, our subsidiaries, our Advisors or administrator may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of, or incidental to the normal course of, our business, including legal proceedings related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While legal proceedings, lawsuits, claims, and regulatory proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their ultimate outcomes are not predictable with assurance, the results of these proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
  
   42 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors. 
  As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K dated March 15, 2016 except for the following: 
  Global capital markets could enter a period of severe disruption and instability. These conditions have historically affected and could again materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
    Market and macro-economic disruptions may, in the future affect, the U.S. capital markets, which could adversely affect our business and that of our portfolio companies. These market disruptions may also affect the broader financial and credit markets and may reduce the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and to financial firms, in particular. At various times, these macro-disruptions have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector and the repricing of credit risk. These conditions may reoccur for a prolonged period of time again or materially worsen in the future, including as a result of further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or the perceived credit worthiness of the United States or other large global economies. Unfavorable macro-economic conditions, including future recessions, also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. We may in the future have difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may cause us to reduce the volume of loans we originate and/or fund, adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
   
  Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
           (a) 
    None. 
              (b) 
    Not applicable. 
              (c) 
    None. 
      
  Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  (a)   None. 
  (b)   Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5.  Other Information.   
  None. 
   
  Item 6.  Exhibits. 
  The exhibits required by this item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 
  
   43 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Mark J. DeCesaris         

MARK J. DECESARIS 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Paul S. Saint-Pierre         

PAUL S. SAINT-PIERRE 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

44 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this report. 
                     3.1 

Certificate of Trust of the Registrant.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant's Form 10  as filed on November 5, 2014.) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed on March 16, 2016.) 

3.3 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed on March 16, 2016.) 

10.1 

Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and Carey Credit Advisors, LLC.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g)(1) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.2 

Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g)(2) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Carey Credit Advisors, LLC.   (Filed herewith.) 

10.4 

Custody Agreement by and between the Registrant, Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 A, Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T, and U.S. Bank National Association.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and between the Registrant, Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T and Carey Financial, LLC.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(1) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

10.6 

Form of Promissory Note by and between the Registrant and WPC Holdco LLC.   (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2015.) 

10.7 

Form of Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC, and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(4) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T's registration statement on Form N-2 (File 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

10.8 

Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of December 17, 2015, Amended and restated as of June 27, 2016 among Hamilton Finance LLC, the Financing Providers party hereto, US Bank National Association as the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary party hereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent.    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2016.) 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   (Filed herewith.) 

45 

</EX-99>

