<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1212545_0001212545-16-000467_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30082136</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213277</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1110042</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12247395</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12979681</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2933090</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>137</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001212545-16-000467.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031172546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001212545-16-000467
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001212545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32550
		FILM NUMBER:		161962608

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE E. WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6029525408

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE E. WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001212545-16-000467.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 wal930201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One)  

Commission file number: 001-32550     

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    88-0365922 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(602) 389-3500 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,  "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
   As of   October 26, 2016  , Western Alliance Bancorporation had   105,069,893   shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

INDEX 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    4 
        
     Consolidated Income Statements  
    5 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
    6 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
    7 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    8 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    10 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    60 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    88 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    90 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    91 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    91 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    91 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    92 

SIGNATURES  
    93 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
  GLOSSARY OF ENTITIES AND TERMS 
  The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used in various sections of this Form 10-Q, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in Item 2 and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item I of this Form 10-Q.  
                     ACRONYMS OR ABBREVIATIONS: 
      AAB 
    Alliance Association Bank 
    HFI 
    Held-for-Investment 
      ABA 
    Alliance Bank of Arizona 
    HFS 
    Held-for-Sale 
      AFS 
    Available-for-Sale 
    HOA 
    Homeowner Associations  
      ALCO 
    Asset and Liability Management Committee 
    HTM 
    Held-to-Maturity 
      AOCI 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    ICS 
    Insured Cash Sweep Service 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
    IRC 
    Internal Revenue Code 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
    ISDA 
    International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
      ATM 
    At-the-Market 
    LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      BOD 
    Board of Directors 
    LIHTC 
    Low-Income Housing Tax Credit 
      BON 
    Bank of Nevada 
    LVSP 
    Las Vegas Sunset Properties 
      Bridge 
    Bridge Bank 
    MBS 
    Mortgage-Backed Securities 
      CAMELS 
    Capital Adequacy, Assets, Management Capability, Earnings, Liquidity, Sensitivity 
    NBL 
    National Business Lines 
      CDARS 
    Certificate Deposit Account Registry Service 
    NOL 
    Net Operating Loss 
      CDO 
    Collateralized Debt Obligation 
    NPV 
    Net Present Value 
      CEO 
    Chief Executive Officer 
    NUBILs 
    Net Unrealized Built In Losses 
      CFO 
    Chief Financial Officer 
    OCI 
    Other Comprehensive Income 
      Company 
    Western Alliance Bancorporation and subsidiaries 
    OREO 
    Other Real Estate Owned 
      CRA 
    Community Reinvestment Act 
    OTTI 
    Other-than-Temporary Impairment 
      CRE 
    Commercial Real Estate 
    PCI 
    Purchased Credit Impaired 
      EPS 
    Earnings per share 
    PPNR 
    Pre-Provision Net Revenue 
      EVE 
    Economic Value of Equity 
    SBA 
    Small Business Administration 
      Exchange Act 
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
    SBIC 
    Small Business Investment Company 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
    SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      FDIC 
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
    SERP 
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
      FHLB 
    Federal Home Loan Bank 
    SSAE 
    Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements 
      FIB 
    First Independent Bank 
    TDR 
    Troubled Debt Restructuring 
      FRB 
    Federal Reserve Bank 
    TEB 
    Tax Equivalent Basis 
      FVO 
    Fair Value Option adjustment on junior subordinated debt 
    TPB 
    Torrey Pines Bank 
      GAAP 
    U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
    WAB or Bank 
    Western Alliance Bank 
      GE 
    GE Capital US Holdings, Inc. 
    WAL or Parent 
    Western Alliance Bancorporation 
      GSE 
    Government-Sponsored Enterprise 
    XBRL 
    eXtensible Business Reporting Language 
      HFF 
    Hotel Franchise Finance 

3 

Table of Contents  

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
  WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (Unaudited)   

  See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited) 

(1) As adjusted, see Treasury Shares section in "  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  " for further discussion. 
  (2) Includes value of certain share-based awards replaced in connection with the acquisition. 
    
  See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

8 

     Table of Contents  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  Nature of operation 
  WAL is a bank holding company headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware. WAL provides a full spectrum of deposit, lending, treasury management, international banking, and online banking products and services through its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, WAB. 
  WAB operates the following full-service banking divisions: ABA, BON, FIB, Bridge, and TPB. The Company also serves business customers through a national platform of specialized financial services including AAB, Corporate Finance, Equity Fund Resources, HFF, Life Sciences Group, Mortgage Warehouse Lending, Public and Nonprofit Finance, Renewable Resource Group, Resort Finance, and Technology Finance. In addition, the Company has   one   non-bank subsidiary, LVSP, which holds and manages certain non-performing loans and OREO.  
  Basis of presentation 
  The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with GAAP and conform to practices within the financial services industry. The accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are included in the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Use of estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management evaluates these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and bases its estimates on experience, current and expected future conditions, third-party evaluations and various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions used in the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses; estimated cash flows related to PCI loans; fair value determinations related to acquisitions and other assets and liabilities carried at fair value; and accounting for income taxes.  
  Principles of consolidation 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , WAL has   ten   wholly-owned subsidiaries: WAB, LVSP, and   eight   unconsolidated subsidiaries used as business trusts in connection with the issuance of trust-preferred securities.  
  The Bank has the following significant wholly-owned subsidiaries: WAB Investments, Inc., BON Investments, Inc., and TPB Investments, Inc., which hold certain investment securities, municipal and nonprofit loans, and leases; and BW Real Estate, Inc., which operates as a real estate investment trust and holds certain of WAB's real estate loans and related securities.  
  The Company does not have any other significant entities that should be considered for consolidation. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of   December 31, 2015   and for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. The reclassifications have no effect on net income or stockholders  equity as previously reported. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Interim financial information 
  The accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   have been prepared in condensed format and, therefore, do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These statements have been prepared on a basis that is substantially consistent with the accounting principles applied to the Company's audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  The information furnished in these interim statements reflects all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for each respective period presented. Such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The results of operations in the interim statements are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other quarter or for the full year. The interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
  Business combinations 
  Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations.   Under the acquisition method, the acquiring entity in a business combination recognizes all of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets and other identifiable intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. To the extent the fair value of net assets acquired, including identified intangible assets, exceeds the purchase price, a bargain purchase gain is recognized. Changes to estimated fair values from a business combination are recognized as an adjustment to goodwill during the measurement period and are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Results of operations of an acquired business are included in the Consolidated Income Statement from the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related costs, including conversion and restructuring charges, are expensed as incurred. 
  Investment securities 
  Investment securities may be classified as HTM, AFS, or measured at fair value. The appropriate classification is initially decided at the time of purchase. Securities classified as HTM are those debt securities that the Company has both the intent and ability to hold to maturity regardless of changes in market conditions, liquidity needs, or general economic conditions. These securities are carried at amortized cost. The sale of a security within three months of its maturity date or after the majority of the principal outstanding has been collected is considered a maturity for purposes of classification and disclosure.  
  In May 2014, management reassessed its intent to hold certain CDOs classified as HTM, which necessitated a reclassification of all of the Company's HTM securities to AFS at the date of the transfer. As an extended period of time has passed since this reclassification was made, beginning in 2016, management believes that the Company is again able to assert that it has both the intent and ability to hold certain securities classified as HTM to maturity. See "  Note 2. Investment Securities  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail related to HTM securities. 
  Securities classified as AFS or trading securities measured at fair value are reported as an asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at their estimated fair value. As the fair value of AFS securities changes, the changes are reported net of income tax as an element of OCI, except for other-than-temporarily-impaired securities. When AFS securities are sold, the unrealized gain or loss is reclassified from OCI to non-interest income. The changes in the fair values of trading securities are reported in non-interest income. Securities classified as AFS are both equity and debt securities that the Company intends to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity. Any decision to sell a security classified as AFS would be based on various factors, including significant movements in interest rates, changes in the maturity mix of the Company s assets and liabilities, liquidity needs, decline in credit quality, and regulatory capital considerations. 
  Interest income is recognized based on the coupon rate and increased by accretion of discounts earned or decreased by the amortization of premiums paid over the contractual life of the security, adjusted for prepayment estimates, using the interest method.  
  In estimating whether there are any OTTI losses, management considers the 1) length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than amortized cost; 2) financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer; 3) impact of changes in market interest rates; and 4) intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value and whether it is not more likely than not the Company would be required to sell the security. 
  Declines in the fair value of individual AFS debt securities that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are reflected in earnings when identified. The fair value of the debt security then becomes the new cost basis. For individual debt securities where the  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Company does not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the other-than-temporary decline in fair value of the debt security related to 1) credit loss is recognized in earnings; and 2) interest rate, market, or other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income or loss.  
  For individual debt securities where the Company either intends to sell the security or more likely than not will not recover all of its amortized cost, the OTTI is recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the security's cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. For individual debt securities for which a credit loss has been recognized in earnings, interest accruals and amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts are suspended when the credit loss is recognized. Interest received after accruals have been suspended is recognized on a cash basis. 
  Restricted stock 
  On January 30, 2015, WAB became a member of the Federal Reserve System and, as part of its membership, is required to maintain stock in the FRB in a specified ratio to its capital. In addition, WAB is a member of the FHLB system and, accordingly, maintains an investment in capital stock of the FHLB based on the borrowing capacity used. The Bank also maintains an investment in its primary correspondent bank. All of these investments are considered equity securities with no actively traded market. Therefore, the shares are considered restricted investment securities. These investments are carried at cost, which is equal to the value at which they may be redeemed. The dividend income received from the stock is reported in interest income. The Company conducts a periodic review and evaluation of its restricted stock to determine if any impairment exists. No impairment has been recorded to date.  
  Loans, held for sale 
  Loans, held for sale consist primarily of SBA and CRE loans that the Company originates (or acquires) and intends to sell. These loans are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value. Fair value is determined based on available market data for similar assets, expected cash flows, and appraisals of underlying collateral or the credit quality of the borrower. Gains and losses on the sale of loans are recognized pursuant to ASC 860,   Transfers and Servicing  . Interest income of these loans is accrued daily and loan origination fees and costs are deferred and included in the cost basis of the loan. The Company issues various representations and warranties associated with these loan sales. The Company has not experienced any losses as a result of these representations and warranties.  
  Loans, held for investment 
  The Company generally holds loans for investment and has the intent and ability to hold loans until their maturity. Therefore, they are reported at book value. Net loans are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, adjusted for net deferred fees and costs, purchase accounting fair value adjustments, and an allowance for credit losses. In addition, the book value of loans that are subject to a fair value hedge is adjusted for changes in value attributable to the effective portion of the hedged benchmark interest rate risk.  
  The Company may also acquire loans through a business combination. These acquired loans are recorded at estimated fair value on the date of purchase, which is comprised of unpaid principal adjusted for estimated credit losses and interest rate fair value adjustments. Loans are evaluated individually to determine if there has been credit deterioration since origination. Such loans may then be aggregated and accounted for as a pool of loans based on common characteristics. When the Company acquires such loans, the yield that may be accreted (accretable yield) is limited to the excess of the Company s estimate of undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected over the Company s initial investment in the loan. The excess of contractual cash flows over the cash flows expected to be collected may not be recognized as an adjustment to yield, loss, or a valuation allowance. Subsequent increases in cash flows expected to be collected generally are recognized prospectively through adjustment of the loan s yield over the remaining life. Subsequent decreases to cash flows expected to be collected are recognized as impairment. The Company may not carry over or create a valuation allowance in the initial accounting for loans acquired under these circumstances. For purchased loans that are not deemed impaired, fair value adjustments attributable to both credit and interest rates are accreted (or amortized) over the contractual life of the individual loan. For additional information, see "  Note 3. Loans, Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Loan fees collected for the origination of loans less direct loan origination costs (net deferred loan fees) are amortized over the contractual life of the loan through interest income. If the loan has scheduled payments, the amortization of the net deferred loan fee is calculated using the interest method over the contractual life of the loan. If the loan does not have scheduled payments, such as a line of credit, the net deferred loan fee is recognized as interest income on a straight-line basis over the contractual life of the loan commitment. Commitment fees based on a percentage of a customer s unused line of credit and fees  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

related to standby letters of credit are recognized over the commitment period. When loans are repaid, any remaining unamortized balances of premiums, discounts, or net deferred fees are recognized as interest income. 
  Non-accrual loans:   For all loan types except credit cards, when a borrower discontinues making payments as contractually required by the note, the Company must determine whether it is appropriate to continue to accrue interest. The Company ceases accruing interest income when the loan has become delinquent by more than 90 days or when management determines that the full repayment of principal and collection of interest according to contractual terms is no longer likely. The Company may decide to continue to accrue interest on certain loans more than 90 days delinquent if the loans are well secured by collateral and in the process of collection. Credit card loans and other personal loans are typically charged off no later than 180 days delinquent. 
  For all loan types, when a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all interest accrued but uncollected is reversed against interest income in the period in which the status is changed and, the Company makes a loan-level decision to apply either the cash basis or cost recovery method. The Company recognizes income on a cash basis only for those non-accrual loans for which the collection of the remaining principal balance is not in doubt. Under the cost recovery method, subsequent payments received from the customer are applied to principal and generally no further interest income is recognized until the principal has been paid in full or until circumstances have changed such that payments are again consistently received as contractually required.  
  Impaired loans:   A loan is identified as impaired when it is no longer probable that interest and principal will be collected according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Generally, impaired loans are classified as non-accrual. However, in certain instances, impaired loans may continue on an accrual basis, if full repayment of all principal and interest is expected and the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Impaired loans are measured for reserve requirements in accordance with ASC 310,   Receivables,   based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan's observable market price or the fair value of the collateral less applicable disposition costs if the loan is collateral dependent. The amount of an impairment reserve, if any, and any subsequent changes are recorded as a provision for credit losses. Losses are recorded as a charge-off when losses are confirmed. In addition to management's internal loan review process, regulators may from time to time direct the Company to modify loan grades, loan impairment calculations, or loan impairment methodology. 
  Troubled Debt Restructured Loans  : A TDR loan is a loan on which the Company, for reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise consider. The loan terms that have been modified or restructured due to a borrower s financial situation include, but are not limited to, a reduction in the stated interest rate, an extension of the maturity or renewal of the loan at an interest rate below current market, a reduction in the face amount of the debt, a reduction in the accrued interest, or deferral of interest payments. A TDR loan is also considered impaired. A TDR loan may be returned to accrual status when the loan is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual restructured terms for a reasonable period of time (generally six months) and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual restructured principal and interest is no longer in doubt. However, such loans continue to be considered impaired. Consistent with regulatory guidance, a TDR loan that is subsequently modified in another restructuring agreement but has shown sustained performance and classification as a TDR, will be removed from TDR status provided that the modified terms were market-based at the time of modification.  
  Allowance for credit losses 
  Credit risk is inherent in the business of extending loans and leases to borrowers, for which the Company must maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is established through a provision for credit losses recorded to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for credit losses when management believes that the contractual principal or interest will not be collected. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance is an amount believed adequate to absorb estimated probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectable, based on evaluation of the collectability of loans and prior credit loss experience, together with other factors. The Company formally re-evaluates and establishes the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis. 
  The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific allowance applies to impaired loans. For impaired collateral dependent loans, the reserve is calculated based on the collateral value, net of estimated disposition costs. Generally, the Company obtains independent collateral valuation analysis for each loan every twelve months. Loans not collateral dependent are evaluated based on the expected future cash flows discounted at the original contractual interest rate.  
  The general allowance covers all non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for various qualitative and quantitative factors listed below.  
  The Company s allowance for credit loss methodology incorporates several quantitative and qualitative risk factors used to establish the appropriate allowance for credit losses at each reporting date. Quantitative factors include: 1) the Company's  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

historical loss experience; 2) levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; 3) levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; 4) trends in volume and terms of loans; 5) changes in underwriting standards or lending policies; 6) experience, ability, depth of lending staff; 7) national and local economic trends and conditions; 8) changes in credit concentrations; 9) out-of-market exposures; 10) changes in quality of loan review system; and 11) changes in the value of underlying collateral.  
  An internal   ten  -year loss history is also incorporated into the allowance calculation model. Due to the credit concentration of the Company's loan portfolio in real estate secured loans, the value of collateral is heavily dependent on real estate values in Nevada, Arizona, and California. While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, regulators, as an integral part of their examination processes, periodically review the Bank's allowance for credit losses, and may require the Bank to make additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of their examination. Management regularly reviews the assumptions and formulae used in determining the allowance and makes adjustments if required to reflect the current risk profile of the portfolio. 
  Other assets acquired through foreclosure 
  Other assets acquired through foreclosure consist primarily of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure. Properties or other assets (primarily repossessed assets formerly leased) are classified as OREO and other repossessed property and are initially reported at fair value of the asset less estimated selling costs. Subsequent adjustments are based on the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell the property. Costs related to the development or improvement of the assets are capitalized and costs related to holding the assets are charged to non-interest expense. Property is evaluated regularly to ensure the recorded amount is supported by its current fair value and valuation allowances. 
  Goodwill and other intangible assets 
  The Company records as goodwill the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired in accordance with applicable guidance. The Company performs its annual goodwill and intangibles impairment tests as of October 1 each year, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were no events or circumstances that indicated that an interim impairment test of goodwill or other intangible assets was necessary.  
  Treasury Shares 
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company has separately presented treasury shares, which represent shares surrendered to the Company equal in value to the statutory payroll tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of employee restricted stock awards. Prior period amounts have been adjusted to reflect this new presentation, with no change to total stockholders' equity. Treasury shares are carried at cost.  
  Derivative financial instruments 
  The Company uses interest-rate swaps to mitigate interest-rate risk associated with changes to 1) the fair value of certain fixed-rate financial instruments (fair value hedges) and 2) certain cash flows related to future interest payments on variable rate financial instruments (cash flow hedges).  
  The Company recognizes derivatives as assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at their fair value in accordance with ASC 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  . The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging relationship. On the date the derivative contract is entered into, the Company designates the derivative as a fair value hedge or cash flow hedge. Derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship to mitigate exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or liability attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship to mitigate exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.  
  Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in current-period earnings. For a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion of the change in fair value of a cash flow hedge is recognized immediately in non-interest income in the Consolidated Income Statement. Under both the fair value and cash flow hedge scenarios, changes in the fair value of derivatives not considered to be highly effective in hedging the change in fair value or the expected cash flows of the hedged item are recognized in earnings as non-interest income during the period of the change.  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

The Company documents its hedge relationships, including identification of the hedging instruments and the hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction at the time the derivative contract is executed. Both at inception and at least quarterly thereafter, the Company assesses whether the derivatives used in hedging transactions are highly effective (as defined in the guidance) in offsetting changes in either the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. Retroactive effectiveness is assessed, as well as the continued expectation that the hedge will remain effective prospectively. The Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when it is determined that a hedge is no longer highly effective. When hedge accounting is discontinued on a fair value hedge that no longer qualifies as an effective hedge, the derivative continues to be reported at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but the carrying amount of the hedged item is no longer adjusted for future changes in fair value. The adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item that existed at the date hedge accounting is discontinued is amortized over the remaining life of the hedged item into earnings.  
  Derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, so called free-standing derivatives, are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value and the changes in fair value are recognized in earnings as non-interest income during the period of change.  
  The Company may in the normal course of business purchase a financial instrument or originate a loan that contains an embedded derivative instrument. Upon purchasing the instrument or originating the loan, the Company assesses whether the economic characteristics of the embedded derivative are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the remaining component of the financial instrument (i.e., the host contract) and whether a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded instrument would meet the definition of a derivative instrument. When it is determined that the embedded derivative possesses economic characteristics that are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract and a separate instrument with the same terms would qualify as a derivative instrument, the embedded derivative is separated from the host contract and carried at fair value. However, in cases where the host contract is measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in current earnings, or the Company is unable to reliably identify and measure an embedded derivative for separation from its host contract, the entire contract is carried in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value and is not designated as a hedging instrument. 
  Income taxes  
  The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and files a consolidated federal income tax return with all of its subsidiaries, with the exception of BW Real Estate, Inc. Deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their income tax bases using enacted tax rates that are expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. 
  Net deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent that these assets will more-likely-than-not be realized. In making these determinations, all available positive and negative evidence is considered, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, tax planning strategies, projected future taxable income, and recent operating results. If it is determined that deferred income tax assets to be realized in the future are in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be recorded, which will reduce the Company's provision for income taxes. 
  A tax benefit from an unrecognized tax benefit may be recognized when it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including related appeals or litigation, based on technical merits. Income tax benefits must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized. 
  Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Income Statement. Accrued interest and penalties are included in the related tax liability line with other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
  Off-balance sheet instruments 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into off-balance sheet financial instrument arrangements consisting of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements when they are funded. They involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Losses would be experienced when the Company is contractually obligated to make a payment under these instruments and must seek repayment from the borrower, which may not be as financially sound in the current period as they were when the commitment was originally made. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company enters into credit arrangements that generally provide for the termination of advances in the event of a covenant violation or other event of default. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. The commitments are collateralized by the same types of assets used as loan collateral. 
  As with outstanding loans, the Company applies qualitative factors and utilization rates to its off-balance sheet obligations in determining an estimate of losses inherent in these contractual obligations. The estimate for credit losses on off-balance sheet instruments is included in other liabilities and the charge to income that establishes this liability is included in non-interest expense. 
  The Company also has off-balance sheet arrangements related to its derivative instruments. Derivative instruments are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements at fair value and their notional values are carried off-balance sheet. See "  Note 9. Derivatives and Hedging Activities  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Finance Statements for further discussion. 
  Fair values of financial instruments 
  The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities. ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurement  , establishes a framework for measuring fair value and a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurement as well as enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The Company uses various valuation approaches, including market, income, and/or cost approaches. ASC 820 establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the factors market participants would consider in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs, as follows: 
             
    Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, prepayment speeds, volatilities, etc.) or model-based valuation techniques where all significant assumptions are observable, either directly or indirectly, in the market. 
                
    Level 3 - Valuation is generated from model-based techniques where one or more significant inputs are not observable, either directly or indirectly, in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect the Company s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques may include use of matrix pricing, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. 
     The availability of observable inputs varies based on the nature of the specific financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
  Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant who may purchase the asset or assume the liability rather than an entity-specific measure. When market assumptions are available, ASC 820 requires the Company to make assumptions regarding the assumptions that market participants would use to estimate the fair value of the financial instrument at the measurement date. 
  ASC 825,   Financial Instruments  , requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. 
  Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent limitations in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The estimated fair value amounts for   September 30, 2016   and   2015   have been measured as of period-end, and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these Consolidated Financial Statements subsequent to those dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the reporting date may be different than the amounts reported at period-end. 
  The information in "  Note 13. Fair Value Accounting  " in these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only required for a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. 
  Due to the wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimate, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies or banks may not be meaningful. 
  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments: 
  Cash and cash equivalents  
  The carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and due from banks approximate their fair value. 
  Money market investments 
  The carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for money market investments approximate their fair value. 
  Investment securities 
  The fair values of CRA investments, mutual funds, and exchange-listed preferred stock are based on quoted market prices and are categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  The fair values of other investment securities were determined based on matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique that utilizes observable market inputs including, for example, yield curves, credit ratings, and prepayment speeds. Fair values determined using matrix pricing are generally categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  The Company owns certain CDOs for which quoted prices are not available. Quoted prices for similar assets are also not available for these investment securities. In order to determine the fair value of these securities, the Company engages a third party to estimate the future cash flows and discount rate using third party quotes adjusted based on assumptions a market participant would assume necessary for each specific security. As a result of the lack of an active market, the resulting fair values have been categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  
  Restricted stock 
  WAB is a member of the Federal Reserve System and the FHLB and, accordingly, maintains investments in the capital stock of the FRB and the FHLB. WAB also maintains an investment in its primary correspondent bank. These investments are carried at cost since no ready market exists for them, and they have no quoted market value. The Company conducts a periodic review and evaluation of its restricted stock to determine if any impairment exists. The fair values of these investments have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Loans 
  The fair value of loans is estimated based on discounted cash flows using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers with similar credit quality and adjustments that the Company believes a market participant would consider in determining fair value based on a third party independent valuation. As a result, the fair value for loans is categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, excluding impaired loans which are categorized as Level 3. 
  Accrued interest receivable and payable 
  The carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for accrued interest receivable and payable approximate their fair value.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative financial instruments 
  All derivatives are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair value. The fair value for derivatives is determined based on market prices, broker-dealer quotations on similar products, or other related input parameters. As a result, the fair values have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Deposits 
  The fair value disclosed for demand and savings deposits is by definition equal to the amount payable on demand at their reporting date (that is, their carrying amount), which the Company believes a market participant would consider in determining fair value. The carrying amount for variable-rate deposit accounts approximates their fair value. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on these deposits. The fair value measurement of the deposit liabilities is categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  FHLB advances and other borrowed funds 
  The fair values of the Company s borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the market rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The FHLB advances have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy due to their short durations. Other borrowings have been categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  
  Subordinated debt 
  The fair value of subordinated debt is based on the market rate for the respective subordinated debt security. Subordinated debt has been categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Junior subordinated debt 
  Junior subordinated debt is valued based on a discounted cash flow model which uses as inputs Treasury Bond rates and the 'BB' rated financial index. Junior subordinated debt has been categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Off-balance sheet instruments 
  The fair value of the Company s off-balance sheet instruments (lending commitments and standby letters of credit) is based on quoted fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements, and the counterparties  credit standing. 
  Recent accounting pronouncements 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an     Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period  . The amendments in ASU 2014-12 to Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, provide explicit guidance on whether to treat a performance target that could be achieved after the requisite service period as a performance condition that affects vesting or as a nonvesting condition that affects the grant-date fair value of an award. The amendments are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. An entity may elect to apply the amendments either prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern  . The amendments in ASU 2014-15 to Subtopic 205-40, Going Concern, provide guidance about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2015-02,   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  . The amendments in ASU 2015-02 to Topic 810, Consolidation, change the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities, eliminate the  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships, and provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. An entity may apply the amendments in this Update using a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption or, may apply the amendments retrospectively. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes  . The amendments in ASU 2015-17 to Topic 740, Income Taxes, changes the presentation of deferred income tax liabilities and assets, from previously bifurcated current and noncurrent, to a single noncurrent amount on the classified statement of financial position.  The amendment is effective from the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . The amendments in ASU 2016-01 to Subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments, contain the following elements: 1) requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; 3) eliminates the requirement for public entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; 4) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; 5) requires an entity to present separately in OCI the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; 6) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or accompanying notes to the financial statements; 7) clarifies that the entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to AFS securities in combination with the entity's other deferred tax assets. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the early application of the amendment noted in item 5) above (which the Company elected to early adopt effective January 1, 2015 as discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015), early adoption of the amendments in this Update is not permitted. The adoption of the other amendments in this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-02,   Leases  . The amendments in ASU 2016-02 to Topic 842, Leases, require lessees to recognize the lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases in the statement of financial position. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Management is in the process of evaluating the effects that the standard is expected to have on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-05,   Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  . The amendments in ASU 2016-05 to Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. An entity has the option to apply the amendments in this Update on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. The amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The amendments in ASU 2016-09 to Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, require recognition of all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies through income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. Other amendments in this ASU include guidance on the classification of share-based payment transactions in the statement of cash flows and an option to account for forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur rather than estimating the compensation cost based on the number of awards that are expected to vest. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. Effective January 1, 2016, the Company elected early adoption of ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Payment Accounting  . As a result of adoption, the Company recognized a   $3.9 million   tax benefit as a reduction of income tax expense during the three months ended March 31, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a   $4.1 million   tax benefit related to adoption of this new guidance. The Company has elected to continue to estimate compensation cost based on the number of awards that are expected to vest. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . The amendments in ASU 2016-13 to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, require that an organization measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures, including qualitative and quantitative disclosures that provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on AFS debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is in the process of evaluating the effects that the standard is expected to have on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  
  In August 2016, the FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.    The amendments in ASU 2016-15 to Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, provide guidance on eight specific cash flow classification issues, which include: 1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; 3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; 6) distributions received from equity method investments; 7) beneficial interest in securitization transactions; and 8) separately identifiable cash flows and the application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period, however, an entity is required to adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this Update should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Management is in the process of evaluating the effects that the standard is expected to have on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

2. INVESTMENT SECURITIES    
  The carrying amounts and fair values of investment securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are summarized as follows:  

For additional information on the fair value changes of securities measured at fair value, see the trading securities table in "  Note 13. Fair Value Accounting  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  The Company conducts an OTTI analysis on a quarterly basis. The initial indication of OTTI for both debt and equity securities is a decline in the market value below the amount recorded for an investment, and taking into account the severity and duration  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

of the decline. Another potential indication of OTTI is a downgrade below investment grade. In determining whether an impairment is OTTI, the Company considers the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been below cost, recent events specific to the issuer, including investment downgrades by rating agencies and economic conditions of its industry, and the Company s ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery. For marketable equity securities, the Company also considers the issuer s financial condition, capital strength, and near-term prospects. 
  For debt securities, for the purpose of an OTTI analysis, the Company also considers the cause of the price decline (general level of interest rates, credit spreads, and industry and issuer-specific factors), the issuer s financial condition, near-term prospects, and current ability to make future payments in a timely manner, as well as the issuer s ability to service debt, and any change in agencies  ratings at the evaluation date from the acquisition date and any likely imminent action.  
  The Company has reviewed securities for which there is an unrealized loss in accordance with its accounting policy for OTTI described above and determined that there were   no   impairment charges for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Company does not consider any securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . No assurance can be made that OTTI will not occur in future periods. 
  Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position follows: 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s unrealized losses relate primarily to interest rate fluctuations, credit spread widening, and reduced liquidity in applicable markets. The total number of securities in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   was   78  , compared to   146   at   December 31, 2015  . In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and industry analysis reports. Since material downgrades have not occurred and  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

management does not intend to sell the debt securities in an unrealized loss position in the foreseeable future, none of the securities described in the above table or in this paragraph were deemed to be OTTI. 
  The trust preferred securities have yields based on floating rate LIBOR, which are highly correlated to the federal funds rate and have been negatively affected by the low rate environment. This has resulted in unrealized losses for these securities.  
  The table below shows the amortized cost and fair value of securities as of   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturities. MBS are shown separately as individual MBS are comprised of pools of loans with varying maturities. Therefore, these securities are listed separately in the maturity summary.  

The following tables summarize the carrying amount of the Company s investment ratings position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

(1) 
    Where ratings differ, the Company uses the average of the ratings by S P, Moody s, and Fitch. 
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Where ratings differ, the Company uses the average of the ratings by S P, Moody s, and Fitch. 
     Securities with carrying amounts of approximately   $854.1 million   and   $830.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged for various purposes as required or permitted by law. 
  The following table presents gross gains and losses on sales of investment securities:  

24 

Table of Contents  

3. LOANS, LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES    
  The composition of the Company s held for investment loan portfolio is as follows:  

Net deferred loan fees and costs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   total   $21.0 million   and   $19.2 million  , respectively, which is a reduction in the carrying value of loans. Net unamortized discounts on loans total   $6.6 million   and   $8.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Total loans held for investment are also net of interest rate and credit marks on acquired loans totaling   $77.4 million   and   $40.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which is a reduction in the carrying value of acquired loans. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company also had   $21.3 million   and   $23.8 million   of HFS loans, respectively.  
  The following table presents the contractual aging of the recorded investment in past due loans held for investment by class of loans: 

25 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the recorded investment in non-accrual loans and loans past due ninety days or more and still accruing interest by class of loans:  

The reduction in interest income associated with loans on non-accrual status was approximately   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   for   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1.5 million   and   $1.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The Company utilizes an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem loans. Under the Company s risk rating system, the Company classifies problem and potential problem loans as Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss. Substandard loans include those characterized by well-defined weaknesses and carry the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans classified as Doubtful, or risk rated eight, have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. The final rating of Loss covers loans considered uncollectible and having such little recoverable value that it is not practical to defer writing off the asset. Loans that do not currently expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but possess weaknesses that warrant management s close attention, are deemed to be Special Mention. Risk ratings are updated, at a minimum, quarterly.  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present HFI loans by risk rating:  

27 

     Table of Contents  

The table below reflects the recorded investment in loans classified as impaired:  

The following table presents impaired loans by class:  

A valuation allowance is established for an impaired loan when the fair value of the loan is less than the recorded investment. In certain cases, portions of impaired loans are charged-off to realizable value instead of establishing a valuation allowance and are included, when applicable, in the table above as  Impaired loans without a specific valuation allowance under ASC 310.  However, before concluding that an impaired loan needs no associated valuation allowance, an assessment is made to consider all available and relevant information for the method used to evaluate impairment and the type of loan being assessed. The valuation allowance disclosed above is included in the allowance for credit losses reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the average investment in impaired loans and income recognized on impaired loans:  

The following table presents average investment in impaired loans by loan class:  

The average investment in TDR loans included in the average investment in impaired loans table above for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $63.9 million   and   $114.5 million  , respectively, and   $71.4 million   and   $120.6 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The following table presents interest income on impaired loans by class:  

The Company is not committed to lend significant additional funds on these impaired loans. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes nonperforming assets:  

Loans Acquired in HFF Asset Purchase 
  The following table presents information regarding the contractually required principal payments receivable, cash flows expected to be collected, and the preliminary estimated fair value of loans acquired in the HFF asset purchase as of April 20, 2016, the closing date of the transaction. See "  Note 15. Mergers and Acquisitions  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to the purchase.  

Loans Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality 
  Changes in the accretable yield for loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality are as follows:  

(1) 
    The primary drivers of reclassification from non-accretable to accretable yield resulted from changes in estimated cash flows. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Credit Losses 
  The following table summarizes the changes in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio type:  

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents impairment method information related to loans and allowance for credit losses by loan portfolio segment:  

32 

     Table of Contents  

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  A TDR loan is a loan on which the Company, for reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise consider. The loan terms that have been modified or restructured due to a borrower s financial situation include, but are not limited to, a reduction in the stated interest rate, an extension of the maturity or renewal of the loan at an interest rate below current market, a reduction in the face amount of the debt, a reduction in the accrued interest, or deferral of interest payments. The majority of the Company's modifications are extensions in terms or deferral of payments which result in no lost principal or interest followed by reductions in interest rates or accrued interest. A TDR loan is also considered impaired. Consistent with regulatory guidance, a TDR loan that is subsequently modified in another restructuring agreement but has shown sustained performance and classification as a TDR, will be removed from TDR status provided that the modified terms were market-based at the time of modification.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

The Company did not have any new TDR loans during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The following table presents information on the financial effects of TDR loans by class for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  :   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      
    Forgiven Principal Balance 
      
    Lost Interest Income 
      
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      
    Waived Fees and Other Expenses 

(dollars in thousands) 
      Commercial real estate 

Owner occupied 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Non-owner occupied 
      
    1 

193 

193 

Multi-family 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial 

Leases 

Construction and land development 

Construction 

Land 

Residential real estate 
      
    1 

81 

3 

78 

4 
      
      Consumer 

Total 
      
    2 

$ 
    274 

$ 

$ 
    3 

$ 
    271 

$ 
    4 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      
    Forgiven Principal Balance 
      
    Lost Interest Income 
      
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      
    Waived Fees and Other Expenses 

(dollars in thousands) 
      Commercial real estate 

Owner occupied 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Non-owner occupied 
      
    1 

193 

193 

Multi-family 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial 
      
    1 

256 

256 

Leases 

Construction and land development 

Construction 

Land 

Residential real estate 
      
    1 

81 

3 

78 

4 
      
      Consumer 

Total 
      
    3 

$ 
    530 

$ 

$ 
    3 

$ 
    527 

$ 
    4 

34 

     Table of Contents  

During each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no TDR loans for which there was a payment default. The following table presents TDR loans by class for which there was a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

A TDR loan is deemed to have a payment default when it becomes past due 90 days, goes on non-accrual, or is restructured again. Payment defaults, along with other qualitative indicators, are considered by management in the determination of the allowance for credit losses. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   loan commitments outstanding on TDR loans. At   December 31, 2015  , there was   $0.1 million   in loan commitments outstanding on TDR loans. 
  Loan Purchases and Sales 
  For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , secondary market loan purchases totaled   $163.7 million   and   $70.8 million  , respectively. For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015, these purchased loans consisted primarily of commercial and industrial loans. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , secondary market loan purchases totaled   $262.0 million   and   $96.9 million  , respectively. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , these purchased loans consisted primarily of commercial and industrial loans and for the same period in   2015  , these purchased loans consisted of   $76.8 million   of commercial and industrial loans,   $13.2 million   of commercial real estate loans,   $6.8 million   of commercial leases,   $0.1 million   of construction and land development. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company sold loans, which consisted primarily of commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans, with a carrying value of   $37.1 million   and recognized a net gain of   $2.1 million   on the sales. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company sold loans, which primarily consisted of commercial and industrial loans, with a carrying value of   $118.7 million   and recognized a gain of   $0.4 million   on the sales. 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

4. OTHER ASSETS ACQUIRED THROUGH FORECLOSURE    
  The following table represents the changes in other assets acquired through foreclosure:  

(1) 
    There were   no   net gains related to initial transfers to other assets during each of the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

(2) 
    Includes net gains related to initial transfers to other assets of   zero   and   $0.9 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
     At   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , the majority of the Company s repossessed assets consisted of properties located in Nevada. The Company held   33   properties at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   39   at   December 31, 2015  , and   45   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  
   36 

Table of Contents  

5. OTHER BORROWINGS    
  The following table summarizes the Company s borrowings as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

The Company maintains other lines of credit with correspondent banks totaling   $170.0 million  , of which   $25.0 million   is secured by pledged securities and has a floating interest rate of one-month or three-month LIBOR plus   1.50%  . The remaining   $145.0 million   is unsecured. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   no   outstanding balances on these lines of credit.  
  The Company maintains lines of credit with the FHLB and the FRB. The Company s borrowing capacity is determined based on collateral pledged, generally consisting of investment securities and loans, at the time of the borrowing.   At September 30, 2016  , there were   no   short-term FHLB advances. At   December 31, 2015  , short-term FHLB advances of   $150.0 million   had a weighted average interest rate of   0.36%  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had additional available credit with the FHLB of approximately   $2.03 billion   and   $1.54 billion  , respectively, and with the FRB of approximately   $1.57 billion   and   $1.21 billion  , respectively. 
   
  6. QUALIFYING DEBT    
  Subordinated Debt 
  On June 16, 2016, the Company issued   $175.0 million   of subordinated debentures with a maturity date of July 1, 2056. Beginning on or after July 1, 2021, the Company may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, at their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The subordinated debt was recorded net of issuance costs of   $5.5 million  . The debentures have an interest rate of   6.25%   per annum. To hedge the interest rate risk, WAL entered into a fair value interest rate hedge with a pay variable/receive fixed swap. The carrying value of all subordinated debt, which includes the effective portion of related hedges, totals   $321.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Junior Subordinated Debt 
  The Company has formed or acquired through acquisitions   eight   statutory business trusts, which exist for the exclusive purpose of issuing Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities. 
  With the exception of debt issued by Bridge Capital Trust I and Bridge Capital Trust II, junior subordinated debt is recorded at fair value at each reporting date due to the FVO election made by the Company under ASC 825. The Company did not make the FVO election for the Bridge junior subordinated debt. Accordingly, the carrying value of these trusts does not reflect the current fair value of the debt and includes a fair market value adjustment established at acquisition that is being accreted over the remaining life of the trusts. The carrying value of junior subordinated debt was   $61.0 million   and   $58.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The weighted average interest rate of all junior subordinated debt as of   September 30, 2016   was   3.19%  , which is three-month LIBOR plus the contractual spread of   2.34%  , compared to a weighted average interest rate of   2.95%   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   37 

Table of Contents  

7. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    
  Common Stock Issuance 
  Under ATM Distribution Agreement 
  On June 4, 2014, the Company entered into a distribution agency agreement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, under which the Company could sell shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of   $100.0 million   on the New York Stock Exchange. The parties executed an Amended and Restated Distribution Agency Agreement on October 30, 2014. The Company pays Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC a mutually agreed rate, not to exceed   2%   of the gross offering proceeds of the shares. The common stock will be sold at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale or at negotiated prices and, as a result, prices will vary. 
  Sales in the ATM offering were previously being made pursuant to a prospectus dated May 14, 2012 and a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on June 4, 2014, in connection with one or more offerings of shares from the Company's shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-181128), which expired on May 14, 2015. On May 7, 2015, the Company filed with the SEC a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-203959). As the Company completed   $100.0 million   in aggregate sales under the ATM offering, the Company's ATM offering expired and the Amended and Restated Distribution Agency Agreement was terminated as of June 30, 2016. Accordingly, there were no sales under the ATM offering during the three months ended September 30, 2016. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company sold   1.6 million   shares under the ATM offering at a weighted-average selling price of   $36.63   per share for gross proceeds of   $56.8 million  . Total offering costs under the ATM offering for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , were   $1.0 million  , of which   $0.9 million   relates to compensation costs paid to Credit Suisse Securities. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , there were   no   sales under the ATM offering.  
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  Restricted Stock Awards 
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there were   5,725   and   358,235   shares of restricted stock awards granted to employees that generally vest over a   three  -year period. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , a total of   63,000   shares of restricted stock were granted to non-employee WAL directors that were fully vested at June 30, 2016.  The Company estimates the compensation cost for stock grants based upon the grant date fair value. Stock compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. The aggregate grant date fair value for the restricted stock awards granted during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $0.2 million   and   $13.5 million  , respectively. For   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $2.7 million   and   $10.2 million   in stock-based compensation expense related to all restricted stock award grants, including those assumed as part of the Bridge acquisition, compared to   $1.8 million   and   $7.0 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  In addition, the Company granted   54,329   shares of restricted stock to certain members of executive management that have both performance and service conditions that affect vesting. The performance condition was based on achieving an EPS target for fiscal year   2016   and, if this target is met, the restricted stock will vest over a three-year service period. The grant date fair value of the awards was   $1.7 million  . For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $0.1 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively, in stock-based compensation expense related to these performance-based restricted stock grants, compared to   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  Performance Stock Units 
  The Company grants members of its executive management committee performance stock units that do not vest unless the Company achieves a specified cumulative EPS target over a three-year performance period. The number of shares issued will vary based on the cumulative EPS target that is achieved. The Company estimates the cost of performance stock units based upon the grant date fair value and expected vesting percentage over the three-year performance period. For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $1.2 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively, in stock-based compensation expense related to these performance stock units, compared to   $1.6 million   and   $3.6 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  The three-year performance period for the 2013 grant ended on December 31, 2015, and the Company's cumulative EPS for the performance period exceeded the level required for a maximum award under the terms of the grant.  As a result on February 17, 2016, executive management committee members were granted   308,400   of fully vested common shares. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , outstanding performance stock unit grants made in 2014 and 2015 are expected to pay out at the maximum award amount, which is equivalent to   409,800   common shares with a grant date fair value of   $10.4 million  . In January   2016  , performance stock units were granted to executive management committee members with cumulative target awards equivalent to   109,704   shares of common stock. Assuming a 100% vesting percentage for the   2016   performance stock units, the grant date fair value of the awards was   $3.4 million  .   
  Stock Options 
  The Company's stock option awards consist of those awards assumed as part of the Bridge acquisition. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively, in compensation expense related to these awards. There were   no   stock option awards granted by the Company during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
  Treasury Shares 
  Treasury shares represent shares surrendered to the Company equal in value to the statutory payroll tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of employee restricted stock awards. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company purchased treasury shares of   8,328   and   301,495  , respectively, at a weighted average price of   $34.30   and   $30.95   per share, respectively. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company purchased treasury shares of   15,345   and   270,126  , respectively, at a weighted average price of   $32.14   and   $27.54   per share, respectively.  
   
  8. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
  The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component, net of tax, for the periods indicated:  

39 

The following table presents reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income:  

9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES    
  The Company is a party to various derivative instruments. Derivative instruments are contracts between two or more parties that have a notional amount and an underlying variable, require a small or no initial investment, and allow for the net settlement of positions. A derivative s notional amount serves as the basis for the payment provision of the contract and takes the form of units, such as shares or dollars. A derivative s underlying variable is a specified interest rate, security price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index, or other variable. The interaction between the notional amount and the underlying variable determines the number of units to be exchanged between the parties and influences the fair value of the derivative contract. 
  The primary type of derivatives that the Company uses are interest rate swaps. Generally, these instruments are used to help manage the Company's exposure to interest rate risk and meet client financing and hedging needs.  
  Derivatives are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, after taking into account the effects of bilateral collateral and master netting agreements. These agreements allow the Company to settle all derivative contracts held with the same counterparty on a net basis, and to offset net derivative positions with related cash collateral, where applicable.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , the Company does not have any significant outstanding cash flow hedges or free-standing derivatives.  
  Derivatives Designated in Hedge Relationships 
  The Company utilizes derivatives that have been designated as part of a hedge relationship in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance to minimize the exposure to changes in benchmark interest rates and volatility of net interest income and EVE to interest rate fluctuations. The primary derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk are interest rate swaps, which convert the contractual interest rate index of agreed-upon amounts of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has entered into pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of certain fixed rate loans. As a result, the Company receives variable-rate interest payments in exchange for making fixed-rate payments over the lives of the contracts without exchanging the notional amounts.  
  The Company has also entered into pay variable/receive fixed interest rate swaps, designated as fair value hedges on its fixed rate subordinated debt offerings. As a result, the Company is paying a floating rate of three month LIBOR plus   3.16%   and is receiving semi-annual fixed payments of   5.00%   to match the payments on the   $150.0 million   subordinated debt. For the fair value hedge on the Company's subordinated debentures issued on June 16, 2016, the Company is paying a floating rate of three month LIBOR plus   3.25%   and is receiving quarterly fixed payments of   6.25%   to match the payments on the debt.  
  Fair Values, Volume of Activity, and Gain/Loss Information Related to Derivative Instruments 
  The following table summarizes the fair values of the Company's derivative instruments on a gross and net basis as of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  . The change in the notional amounts of these derivatives from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   indicates the volume of the Company's derivative transaction activity during these periods. The derivative asset and liability balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of bilateral collateral and master netting agreements. Total derivative assets and liabilities are adjusted to take into account the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle all derivative contracts with the same counterparty on a net basis and to offset the net derivative position with the related collateral. Where master netting agreements are not in effect or are not enforceable under bankruptcy laws, the Company does not adjust those derivative amounts with counterparties. The fair value of derivative contracts, after taking into account the effects of master netting agreements, is included in other assets or other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, as indicated in the following table: 

(1) 
    Netting adjustments represent the amounts recorded to convert derivative balances from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. 
     
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Fair value hedges 
  An assessment of effectiveness is performed at initiation of a hedge and on a quarterly basis thereafter. All of the Company's fair value hedges remained  highly effective  as of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  . 
  The following table summarizes the gains (losses) on fair value hedges for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , all of which are recorded in other non-interest income. 

(1) 
    The fair value of derivatives contracts are carried as other assets and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The effective portion of hedging gains (losses) is recorded as basis adjustments to the underlying hedged asset or liability. Gains and losses on both the hedging derivative and hedged item are recorded through non-interest income with a resulting net income impact for the amount of ineffectiveness.   
     Counterparty Credit Risk 
  Like other financial instruments, derivatives contain an element of credit risk. This risk is measured as the expected positive replacement value of the contracts. Management generally enters into bilateral collateral and master netting agreements that provide for the net settlement of all contracts with the same counterparty. Additionally, management monitors counterparty credit risk exposure on each contract to determine appropriate limits on the Company's total credit exposure across all product types. In general, the Company has a zero credit threshold with regard to derivative exposure with counterparties. Management reviews the Company's collateral positions on a daily basis and exchanges collateral with counterparties in accordance with standard ISDA documentation and other related agreements. The Company generally posts collateral in the form of highly rated securities issued by the U.S. Treasury or government-sponsored enterprises, such as GNMA, FNMA, and FHLMC. The total collateral posted by the Company for derivatives in a net liability position totaled   $100.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   $61.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   $67.3 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  The following table summarizes the Company's largest exposure to an individual counterparty at the dates indicated for derivatives in net asset positions: 

Credit Risk Contingent Features 
  Management has entered into certain derivative contracts that require the Company to post collateral to the counterparties when these contracts are in a net liability position. Conversely, the counterparties may be required to post collateral when these contracts are in a net asset position. The amount of collateral to be posted is based on the amount of the net liability and exposure thresholds. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015   the aggregate fair value of all derivative contracts with credit risk contingent features (i.e., those containing collateral posting provisions) held by the Company that were in a net liability position totaled   $100.1 million  ,   $64.8 million  , and   $70.4 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in an over-collateralized net position of   $23.1 million   after considering   $123.1 million   of collateral held in the form of securities. As of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , the Company was in an over-collateralized position of   $15.5 million   and   $8.4 million  , respectively.  
  
   42 

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE    
  Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average outstanding common shares during each period, including common stock equivalents. Basic EPS is based on the weighted average outstanding common shares during the period. 
  The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS:  

The Company had   no   anti-dilutive stock options outstanding at each of the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
   
  11. INCOME TAXES    
  The effective tax rate was   30.32%   and   23.47%    for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company's effective tax rate was   28.31%   and   24.88%  , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is due primarily to an increase in projected pre-tax book income without proportional increases to favorable tax rate items. 
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be reversed. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the net deferred tax assets   decreased     $13.6 million   to   $72.7 million  . This overall decrease in the net deferred tax asset was primarily the result of decreases to deferred tax assets based on a change in fair market value of junior subordinated debt and AFS securities, expected use of AMT credit carryovers, and fair market value adjustments related to acquired loans. 
  Although realization is not assured, the Company believes that the realization of the recognized deferred tax asset of   $72.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   is more-likely-than-not based on expectations as to future taxable income and based on available tax planning strategies within the meaning of ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , that could be implemented if necessary to prevent a carryover from expiring.  
  At each of the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   no   deferred tax valuation allowance. 
  The deferred tax asset related to federal and state NOL carryovers outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   available to reduce the tax liability in future years totaled   $9.1 million   and   $9.3 million  , respectively. The respective   $9.1 million   and   $9.3 million   of tax benefits relate entirely to federal NOL carryovers (subject to an annual limitation imposed by IRC Section 382). The Company s ability to use federal NOL carryovers, as well as its ability to use certain future tax deductions called NUBILs associated with the Company's acquisitions is subject to annual limitations. In management s opinion, it is more-likely-than-not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize all of the deferred tax benefits related to these NOL carryovers and NUBILs. 
  At each of the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, net of associated deferred tax benefit, that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, was   $0.7 million  .  
  Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes. During each of the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized   no   amounts for penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts for interest.  
  At each of the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company has accrued a   $0.1   million liability for penalties and a   $0.1   million liability for interest.  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

Investments in LIHTC 
  The Company invests in LIHTC funds that help the Company satisfy its CRA obligations and yield a return primarily through the realization of federal tax credits.  
  Investments in LIHTC and unfunded LIHTC obligations are included as part of other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and total   $166.1 million   and   $63.4 million  , respectively, as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $152.7 million   and   $61.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $5.5 million   and   $4.8 million   of amortization related to LIHTC investments was recognized as a component of income tax expense, respectively. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $13.7 million   and   $10.4 million   of amortization related to LIHTC investments was recognized as a component of income tax expense, respectively.  
   
  12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
  Unfunded Commitments and Letters of Credit 
  The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. They involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Lines of credit are obligations to lend money to a borrower. Credit risk arises when the borrower's current financial condition may indicate less ability to pay than when the commitment was originally made. In the case of standby letters of credit, the risk arises from the potential failure of the customer to perform according to the terms of a contract. In such a situation, the third party might draw on the standby letter of credit to pay for completion of the contract and the Company would look to its customer to repay these funds with interest. To minimize the risk, the Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it would for a loan to that customer. 
  Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party in borrowing arrangements. The Company generally has recourse to recover from the customer any amounts paid under the guarantees. Typically, letters of credit issued have expiration dates within   one   year. 
  A summary of the contractual amounts for unfunded commitments and letters of credit are as follows:  

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company enters into credit arrangements that generally provide for the termination of advances in the event of a covenant violation or other event of default. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. The commitments are collateralized by the same types of assets used as loan collateral.  
  The Company has exposure to credit losses from unfunded commitments and letters of credit. As funds have not been disbursed on these commitments, they are not reported as loans outstanding. Credit losses related to these commitments are not included in the allowance for credit losses reported in "  Note 3. Loans, Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses  " of these Consolidated Financial Statements and are accounted for as a separate loss contingency. This loss contingency for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit was   $11.0 million     (including   $7.0 million   related to loans acquired in the HFF asset purchase)     and   $3.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Changes to this liability are adjusted through non-interest expense. 
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

Concentrations of Lending Activities 
  The Company s lending activities are driven in large part by the customers served in the market areas where the Company has branch offices in the states of Arizona, Nevada, and California. Despite the geographic concentration of lending activities, the Company does not have a single external customer from which it derives   10%   or more of its revenues. The Company monitors concentrations within four broad categories: geography, industry, product, and collateral. The Company's loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the CRE market. As of the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , CRE related loans accounted for approximately   54%   and   49%   of total loans, respectively. Substantially all of these loans are secured by first liens with an initial loan to value ratio of generally not more than   75%  . Approximately   35%   and   48%   of these CRE loans, excluding construction and land loans, were owner-occupied at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Contingencies 
  The Company is involved in various lawsuits of a routine nature that are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of the Company s business. Expenses are being incurred in connection with these lawsuits, but in the opinion of management, based in part on consultation with outside legal counsel, the resolution of these lawsuits and associated defense costs will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  Lease Commitments 
  The Company leases the majority of its office locations and many of these leases contain multiple renewal options and provisions for increased rents. Total rent expense of   $2.8 million   and   $2.3 million   for   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, was included in occupancy expense. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total rent expense was   $8.1 million   and   $5.5 million  , respectively. 
   
  13. FAIR VALUE ACCOUNTING    
  The fair value of an asset or liability is the price that would be received to sell that asset or paid to transfer that liability in an orderly transaction occurring in the principal market (or most advantageous market in the absence of a principal market) for such asset or liability. In estimating fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach, and/or the cost approach. Such valuation techniques are consistently applied. Inputs to valuation techniques include the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. ASC 825 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 825 are described in "  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  " of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the Company s creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Furthermore, the reported fair value amounts have not been comprehensively revalued since the presentation dates, and therefore, estimates of fair value after the balance sheet date may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. A more detailed description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value is set forth below. Transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy are recognized as of the end of the month following the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. 
  Under ASC 825, the Company elected the FVO treatment for certain junior subordinated debt issuances. This election is irrevocable and results in the recognition of unrealized gains and losses on these items in earnings at each reporting date.  
  All securities for which the fair value measurement option had been elected are included in a separate line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as securities measured at fair value. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   gains and losses from fair value changes were as follows:  

There were no net gains or losses recognized during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   on trading securities sold during the period.  
  Interest income on securities measured at fair value is accounted for similarly to those classified as AFS. Any premiums or discounts are recognized in interest income over the term of the securities. For MBS, estimates of prepayments are considered in the constant yield calculations. Interest expense on junior subordinated debt is also determined under a constant yield calculation. 
  Fair value on a recurring basis 
  Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the following: 
  Securities measured at fair value:   All of the Company s securities measured at fair value, which consist of MBS, are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs in the same manner as described below for AFS securities. 
  AFS securities:   CRA investments, preferred stock, and U.S. treasury securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. With the exception of CDO securities, other securities classified as AFS are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. The Company estimates the fair value of CDO securities utilizing Level 3 inputs, which include pricing indications from comparable securities. 
  Independent pricing service:   The Company's independent pricing service provides pricing information on Level 1, 2, and 3 securities, and represents the pricing source for the majority of the portfolio. Management independently evaluates the fair value measurements received from the Company's third party pricing service through multiple review steps. First, management reviews what has transpired in the marketplace with respect to interest rates, credit spreads, volatility, and mortgage rates, among other things, and develops an expectation of changes to the securities' valuations from the previous quarter. Then, management obtains market values from additional sources. The pricing service provides management with observable market data including interest rate curves and mortgage prepayment speed grids, as well as dealer quote sheets, new bond offering sheets, and historical trade documentation. Management reviews the assumptions and decides whether they are reasonable. Management may compare interest rates, credit spreads, and prepayments speeds used as part of the assumptions to those that management believes are reasonable. Management may price securities using the provided assumptions to determine whether  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

they can develop similar prices on like securities. Any discrepancies between management s review and the prices provided by the vendor are discussed with the vendor and the Company s other valuation advisors. Lastly, management selects a sample of investment securities and compares the values provided by its primary third party pricing service to the market values obtained from secondary sources and evaluates those with notable variances.  
  Annually, the Company receives an SSAE 16 report from its independent pricing service attesting to the controls placed on the operations of the service from its auditor. 
  Interest rate swaps:   Interest rate swaps are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. The Company obtains dealer quotations to value its interest rate swaps. 
  Junior subordinated debt:   The Company estimates the fair value of its junior subordinated debt using a discounted cash flow model which incorporates the effect of the Company s own credit risk in the fair value of the liabilities (Level 3). The Company s cash flow assumptions are based on contractual cash flows as the Company anticipates that it will pay the debt according to its contractual terms.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company estimated the discount rate at   5.65%  , which represents an implied credit spread of   4.79%   plus three-month LIBOR (  0.85%  ). As of   December 31, 2015  , the Company estimated the discount rate at   5.67%  , which was a   5.06%   credit spread plus three-month LIBOR (  0.61%  ). 
  The fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis was determined using the following inputs as of the periods presented:  

(1) 
    Derivative assets and liabilities relate to interest rate swaps, see "  Note 9. Derivatives and Hedging Activities  ." In addition, the carrying value of loans includes a net positive value of   $106,503   and the net carrying value of subordinated debt includes a net negative value of   $4,350   as of   September 30, 2016  , which relates to the effective portion of the hedges put in place to mitigate against fluctuations in interest rates.  
              (2) 
    Includes only the portion of junior subordinated debt that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment. 

47 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Derivative assets and liabilities relate to interest rate swaps, see "  Note 9. Derivatives and Hedging Activities  ." In addition, the carrying value of loans includes a positive value of   $64,184   and the net carrying value of subordinated debt includes a net negative value of   $3,569   as of   December 31, 2015  , which relates to the effective portion of the hedges put in place to mitigate against fluctuations in interest rates.  
              (2) 
    Includes only the portion of junior subordinated debt that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment. 
     For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the change in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis was as follows:  

(1)  
    Due to the Company's election to early adopt an element of ASU 2016-01, changes in the fair value of junior subordinated debt are presented as part of OCI rather than earnings effective January 1, 2015. Accordingly, total losses are included in the other comprehensive income line, Unrealized gain (loss) on junior subordinated debt, which is net of tax. The above amount represents the gross loss from changes in fair value of junior subordinated debt.   
     
   48 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Total gains (losses) for the period are included in the other comprehensive income line, Unrealized gain (loss) on AFS securities. 
     For Level 3 liabilities and assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows:  

September 30, 2016 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs 
      
    Input Value 

(in thousands) 

Junior subordinated debt 
      
    $ 
    49,314 

Discounted cash flow 
      
    Implied credit rating of the Company 
      
    5.65 
    % 
      CDO securities 
      
    10,552 

S P Model 
      
    Pricing indications from comparable securities 

December 31, 2015 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs 
      
    Input Value 

(in thousands) 

Junior subordinated debt 
      
    $ 
    46,928 

Discounted cash flow 
      
    Adjusted Corporate Bond over Treasury Index with comparable credit spread 
      
    5.67 
    % 
      CDO securities 
      
    10,060 

S P Model 
      
    Pricing indications from comparable securities 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s junior subordinated debt as of   September 30, 2016   was the implied credit risk for the Company, calculated as the difference between the 20-year 'BB' rated financial index over the corresponding swap index.  
  The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company's CDO securities include securities terms, conditions, and underlying collateral type, as well as trustee and servicer reports, trade data on comparable securities, and market quotes that are converted into spreads to benchmark LIBOR curves. Significant increases or decreases in these inputs could result in significantly different fair value measurements. 
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

Fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
  Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, the assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The following table presents such assets carried on the balance sheet by caption and by level within the ASC 825 hierarchy: 

For Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows:  
                                       
    September 30, 2016 
      
    Valuation  Technique(s) 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs 
      
    Range 
        
    (in thousands) 

Impaired loans 
    $ 
    67,444 

Collateral method 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    Costs to sell 
      
    4.0% to 10.0% 
        
    Discounted cash flow method 
      
    Discount rate 
      
    Contractual loan rate 
      
    4.0% to 7.0% 

Scheduled cash collections 
      
    Loss given default 
      
    0% to 20.0% 

Proceeds from non-real estate collateral 
      
    Loss given default 
      
    0% to 70.0% 
      Other assets acquired through foreclosure 
    49,619 

Collateral method 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    Costs to sell 
      
    4.0% to 10.0% 

December 31, 2015 
      
    Valuation  Technique(s) 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs 
      
    Range 
        
    (in thousands) 

Impaired loans 
    $ 
    86,383 

Collateral method 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    Costs to sell 
      
    4.0% to 10.0% 
        
    Discounted cash flow method 
      
    Discount rate 
      
    Contractual loan rate 
      
    4.0% to 7.0% 

Scheduled cash collections 
      
    Loss given default 
      
    0% to 20.0% 

Proceeds from non-real estate collateral 
      
    Loss given default 
      
    0% to 70.0% 
      Other assets acquired through foreclosure 
    43,942 

Collateral method 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    Costs to sell 
      
    4.0% to 10.0% 

50 

     Table of Contents  

Impaired loans:   The specific reserves for collateral dependent impaired loans are based on collateral value, net of estimated disposition costs and other identified quantitative inputs. Collateral value is determined based on independent third-party appraisals or internally-developed discounted cash flow analyses. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches, including comparable sales and the income approach. Fair value is determined, where possible, using market prices derived from an appraisal or evaluation, which are considered to be Level 2. However, certain assumptions and unobservable inputs are often used by the appraiser, therefore qualifying the assets as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. In addition, when adjustments are made to an appraised value to reflect various factors such as the age of the appraisal or known changes in the market or the collateral, such valuation inputs are considered unobservable and the fair value measurement is categorized as a Level 3 measurement. Internal discounted cash flow analyses are also utilized to estimate the fair value of impaired loans, which considers internally-developed, unobservable inputs such as discount rates, default rates, and loss severity.  
  Total Level 3 impaired loans had an estimated fair value of   $67.4 million   and   $86.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Impaired loans with a specific valuation allowance had a gross estimated fair value of   $13.4 million   and   $24.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which was reduced by a specific valuation allowance of   $4.8 million   and   $4.7 million  , respectively. 
  Other assets acquired through foreclosure:   Other assets acquired through foreclosure consist of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure. These assets are initially reported at the fair value determined by independent third-party appraisals using appraised value less estimated cost to sell. Such properties are generally re-appraised every twelve months. There is risk for subsequent volatility. Costs relating to the development or improvement of the assets are capitalized and costs relating to holding the assets are charged to expense.  
  Fair value is determined, where possible, using market prices derived from an appraisal or evaluation, which are considered to be Level 2. However, certain assumptions and unobservable inputs are often used by the appraiser, therefore qualifying the assets as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. In addition, when significant adjustments are based on unobservable inputs, such as when a current appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, the resulting fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level 3 measurement. The Company had   $49.6 million   and   $43.9 million   of such assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  Credit vs. non-credit losses 
  Under the provisions of ASC 320,   Investments-Debt and Equity Securities  , OTTI is separated into the amount of total impairment related to the credit loss and the amount of the total impairment related to all other factors. The amount of the total OTTI related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total impairment related to all other factors is recognized in OCI.  
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company determined that   no   securities experienced credit losses.  
  There is no OTTI balance recognized in comprehensive income as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  The estimated fair value of the Company s financial instruments is as follows:  

Interest rate risk 
  The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk to the Company s earnings and capital from changes in interest rate levels) as a result of its normal operations. As a result, the fair values of the Company s financial instruments as well as its future net interest income will change when interest rate levels change and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. 
  Interest rate risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine the Company's change in EVE and net interest income resulting from hypothetical changes in interest rates. If potential changes to EVE and net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by the BOD, the BOD may direct management to adjust the asset and liability mix to bring interest rate risk within BOD-approved limits. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s interest rate risk profile was within BOD-approved limits. 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

WAB has an ALCO charged with managing interest rate risk within the BOD-approved limits. Limits are structured to prohibit an interest rate risk profile that does not conform to both management and BOD risk tolerances. There is also ALCO reporting at the Parent company level for reviewing interest rate risk for the Company, which gets reported to the BOD and the Finance and Investment Committee. 
  Fair value of commitments 
  The estimated fair value of standby letters of credit outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was insignificant. Loan commitments on which the committed interest rates were less than the current market rate were also insignificant at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  14. SEGMENTS    
  The Company's reportable segments are aggregated based primarily on geographic location, services offered, and markets served. The Company's regional segments, which include Arizona, Nevada, Southern California, and Northern California, provide full service banking and related services to their respective markets. The operations from the regional segments correspond to the following banking divisions: ABA in Arizona, BON and FIB in Nevada, TPB in Southern California, and Bridge in Northern California. 
  The Company's NBL segments provide specialized banking services to niche markets. With the purchase of GE's domestic select-service hotel franchise loan portfolio on April 20, 2016, management has created a new operating segment called HFF, which is now included as one of the Company's NBL reportable segments. The Company's other NBL reportable segments include HOA Services, Public   Nonprofit Finance, Technology   Innovation, and Other NBLs. These NBLs are managed centrally and are broader in geographic scope than the Company's other segments, though still predominately located within the Company's core market areas. The HOA Services NBL corresponds to the AAB division. The newly created HFF NBL includes the hotel franchise loan portfolio purchased from GE. The operations of Public and Nonprofit Finance are combined into one reportable segment. The Technology   Innovation NBL includes the operations of Equity Fund Resources, Life Sciences Group, Renewable Resource Group, and Technology Finance. The Other NBLs segment consists of Corporate Finance, Mortgage Warehouse Lending, and Resort Finance. 
  The Corporate   Other segment consists of corporate-related items, income and expense items not allocated to the Company's other reportable segments, and inter-segment eliminations. 
  The Company's segment reporting process begins with the assignment of all loan and deposit accounts directly to the segments where these products are originated and/or serviced. Equity capital is assigned to each segment based on the risk profile of their assets and liabilities. With the exception of goodwill, which is assigned a   100%   weighting, equity capital allocations ranged from   0%   to   12%   during the year, with a funds credit provided for the use of this equity as a funding source. Any excess or deficient equity not allocated to segments based on risk is assigned to the Corporate   Other segment. 
  Net interest income, provision for credit losses, and non-interest expense amounts are recorded in their respective segment to the extent that the amounts are directly attributable to those segments. Net interest income is recorded in each segment on a TEB with a corresponding increase in income tax expense, which is eliminated in the Corporate   Other segment. 
  Further, net interest income of a reportable segment includes a funds transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. Using this funds transfer pricing methodology, liquidity is transferred between users and providers. A net user of funds has lending/investing in excess of deposits/borrowings and a net provider of funds has deposits/borrowings in excess of lending/investing. A segment that is a user of funds is charged for the use of funds, while a provider of funds is credited through funds transfer pricing, which is determined based on the average life of the assets or liabilities in the portfolio. 
  Net income amounts for each reportable segment are further derived by the use of expense allocations. Certain expenses not directly attributable to a specific segment are allocated across all segments based on key metrics, such as number of employees, average loan balances, and average deposit balances. These types of expenses include information technology, operations, human resources, finance, risk management, credit administration, legal, and marketing. 
  Income taxes are applied to each segment based on the effective tax rate for the geographic location of the segment. Any difference in the corporate tax rate and the aggregate effective tax rates in the segments are adjusted in the Corporate   Other segment. 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of selected operating segment information for the periods indicated: 

54 

     Table of Contents  

55 

     Table of Contents  

56 

     Table of Contents  

57 

Table of Contents  

15. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS    
    
  GE Capital US Holdings, Inc. Loan Portfolio 
    
  On April 20, 2016, WAB completed its purchase of GE Capital US Holdings, Inc.'s domestic select-service hotel franchise finance loan portfolio, paying cash of   $1.27 billion  .  
    
  Effective April 20, 2016, the results of the purchased loan portfolio are reflected in the Company's newly created HFF NBL operating segment. Acquisition / restructure expenses related to the purchase total   $1.7 million   and   $3.6 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The purchase was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805. Assets purchased and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective acquisition date estimated fair values. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to adjustment during the first twelve months after the acquisition date if additional information becomes available to indicate a more accurate or appropriate value for an asset or liability. There have been no measurement period adjustments recognized related to the HFF purchase. Although measurement period adjustments are not expected to be significant, the fair values of loans and other liabilities are still preliminary as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  The recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows:  

The following table presents pro forma information as if the purchase was completed on January 1, 2015. The pro forma information includes adjustments for interest income on loans acquired and excludes acquisition / restructure expense. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the transactions been effected on the assumed dates.  

58 

     Table of Contents  

Bridge Capital Holdings 
    
  On June 30, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of Bridge Capital Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bridge Bank, headquartered in San Jose, California. Under the terms of the acquisition, each outstanding share of Bridge common stock was exchanged for   0.8145   shares of WAL's common stock plus   $2.39   in cash. The Company paid   $36.5 million   in cash and issued   12.5 million   common shares for all equity interests in Bridge. The merger was undertaken, in part, because Bridge strengthens the Company's Northern California presence and provides new avenues for growth in technology and international services. 
    
  The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805. Assets purchased and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective acquisition date estimated fair values. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were subject to adjustment during the first twelve months after the acquisition date if additional information became available to indicate a more accurate or appropriate value for an asset or liability. 
  During the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company identified   $1.5 million   in measurement period adjustments from the Bridge acquisition, primarily related to reductions in other assets and accrued liabilities. The measurement period for the Bridge acquisition ended on June 30, 2016, therefore, the fair values of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed are final.  
    
  The following table presents pro forma information as if the Bridge acquisition was complete  d on January 1, 2014.     The pro forma information includes adjustments for interest income on loans and securities acquired, amortization of intangibles arising from the transaction and interest expense on deposits acquired. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the transactions been effected on the assumed date. 

(1) 
    Excludes acquisition / restructure related costs incurred by the Company and by Bridge of   $0.8 million   and   $8.8 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and acquisition / restructure related costs incurred by Bridge of   zero   and   $6.8 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and related tax effects.  
     
   59 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
     This discussion is designed to provide insight into management's assessment of significant trends related to the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital resources, and interest rate sensitivity. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the interim Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements hereto and financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "Company," "we," and "our" refer to Western Alliance Bancorporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  
  Forward-Looking Information 
  Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including statements that are related to or are dependent on estimates or assumptions relating to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends, and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. 
  The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q reflect the Company's current views about future events and financial performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause the Company's actual results to differ significantly from historical results and those expressed in any forward-looking statement, including those risks discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q. Risks and uncertainties include those set forth in the Company's filings with the SEC and the following factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented: 1) financial market and economic conditions adversely effecting financial performance; 2) dependency on real estate and events that negatively impact real estate; 3) high concentration of commercial real estate, construction and land development, and commercial and industrial loans; 4) actual credit losses may exceed expected losses in the loan portfolio; 5) the geographic concentrations of the Company's assets increase the risks related to local economic conditions; 6) exposure of financial instruments to certain market risks may cause volatility in earnings; 7) dependence on low-cost deposits; 8) ability to borrow from the FHLB or the FRB; 9) perpetration of computer, internet, or telecommunications fraud; 10) information security breaches; 11) reliance on other companies' infrastructure; 12) a change in the Company's creditworthiness; 13) risks associated with the implementation of the Company's planned system conversion; 14) expansion strategies may not be successful; 15) the Company's ability to compete in a highly competitive market; 16) the Company's ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, especially seasoned relationship bankers and senior management; 17) inadequate or ineffective risk management policies, procedures, and internal controls; 18) risks associated with new lines of businesses or new products and services within existing lines of business; 19) the Company's ability to adapt to technological change; 20) exposure to natural disasters in markets that the Company operates; 21) risk of operating in a highly regulated industry and the Company's ability to remain in compliance; 22) failure to comply with state and federal banking agency laws and regulations; 23) changes in interest rates and increased rate competition; 24) exposure to environmental liabilities related to the properties to which the Company acquires title; and 25) risks related to ownership and price of the Company's common stock. 
  For more information regarding risks that may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, see  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  Financial Overview and Highlights 
  WAL is a bank holding company headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware. WAL provides a full spectrum of deposit, lending, treasury management, international banking, and online banking products and services through its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, WAB.  
  WAB operates the following full-service banking divisions: ABA, BON, FIB, Bridge, and TPB. The Company also serves business customers through a national platform of specialized financial services including AAB, Corporate Finance, Equity Fund Resources, HFF, Life Sciences Group, Mortgage Warehouse Lending, Public and Nonprofit Finance, Renewable Resource Group, Resort Finance, and Technology Finance. In addition, the Company has one non-bank subsidiary, LVSP, which holds and manages certain non-performing loans and OREO. 
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Result Highlights for the   Third Quarter   of   2016    
                The impact to the Company from these items, and others of both a positive and negative nature, are discussed in more detail below as they pertain to the Company s overall comparative performance for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . As a bank holding company, management focuses on key ratios in evaluating the Company's financial condition and results of operations.  

1    See Non-GAAP Financial Measures section beginning on page 63.  
  
   61 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
  A summary of the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and select metrics are included in the following tables:  

Asset Quality 
  For all banks and bank holding companies, asset quality plays a significant role in the overall financial condition of the institution and results of operations. The Company measures asset quality in terms of non-accrual loans as a percentage of gross loans and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans. Net charge-offs are calculated as the difference between charged-off loans and recovery payments received on previously charged-off loans. The following table summarizes asset quality metrics:  

(1)     Annualized for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Actual year-to-date for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Asset and Liability Growth 
  The Company s assets and liabilities are comprised primarily of loans and deposits. Therefore, the ability to originate new loans and attract new deposits is fundamental to the Company s growth. Total assets increased to   $17.04 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $14.28 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in total assets of   $2.76 billion  , or   19.4%  , relates primarily to the   $1.28 billion   in loans acquired from the HFF purchase on April 20, 2016, organic loan growth, and an increase in investment securities resulting from increased deposits. Total loans, including HFS loans, increased by   $1.89 billion   to   $13.03 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $11.14 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  . Total deposits increased   $2.41 billion  , or   20.1%  , to   $14.44 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $12.03 billion   as of   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   62 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following table sets forth a summary financial overview for the comparable periods:     

  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  The following discussion and analysis contains financial information determined by methods other than those prescribed by GAAP. The Company's management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in their analysis of the Company's performance. These measurements typically adjust GAAP performance measures to exclude the effects of unrealized gains or losses on assets and liabilities measured at fair value as well as other items to adjust income available to common stockholders for certain significant activities or transactions that, in management's opinion, do not reflect recurring period-to-period comparisons of the Company's performance. Management believes presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplemental information that is essential to a complete understanding of the operating results of the Company's core businesses. Since the presentation of these non-GAAP performance measures and their impact differ between companies, these non-GAAP disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies.  
  Operating PPNR 
  Pre-provision net revenue is defined by the Federal Reserve in SR 14-3, which requires companies subject to the rule to project PPNR over the planning horizon for each of the economic scenarios defined annually by the regulators. Banking regulations define PPNR as net interest income plus non-interest income less non-interest expense. Management has further adjusted this metric to exclude any non-recurring or non-operational elements of non-interest income or non-interest expense, which are outlined in the table below.  Management feels that this is an important metric as it illustrates the underlying performance of the Company, it enables investors and others to assess the Company s ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through the credit cycle, and provides consistent reporting with a key metric used by bank regulatory agencies. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows the components of operating PPNR for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    The operating PPNR non-GAAP performance metric is adjusted to exclude the effects of this non-operational item.  

64 

     Table of Contents  

Tangible Common Equity 
  The following table presents financial measures related to tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents total stockholders' equity, less identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. Management believes that tangible common equity financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company's capital strength, financial condition, and ability to manage potential losses. In addition, management believes that these measures improve comparability to other institutions that have not engaged in acquisitions that resulted in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets.  

Efficiency Ratio 
  The following table shows the components used in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, which management uses as a metric for assessing cost efficiency:  

65 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted Allowance for Credit Losses 
  The adjusted allowance for credit losses to gross loans ratio includes an adjustment for the remaining credit marks on acquired performing and PCI loans. Under GAAP, the allowance for credit losses on acquired loans is not carried over in an acquisition as acquired loans are recorded at fair value, net of related interest rate and credit marks, which discounts the loans based on expected future cash flows. The credit marks on acquired loans represent the allowance for credit losses carried over to the Company. Therefore, by adding back the remaining credit marks on acquired loans, management believes this is more indicative of the allowance available for inherent losses in the loan portfolio.  

66 

     Table of Contents  

Regulatory Capital 
  The following table presents certain financial measures related to regulatory capital under Basel III, which includes Common Equity Tier 1 and total capital. The FRB and other banking regulators use Common Equity Tier 1 and total capital as a basis for assessing a bank's capital adequacy; therefore, management believes it is useful to assess financial condition and capital adequacy using this same basis. Specifically, the total capital ratio takes into consideration the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. In addition, management believes that the classified assets to Common Equity Tier 1 plus allowance measure is an important regulatory metric for assessing asset quality.  

67 

     Table of Contents  

Net Interest Margin 
  The net interest margin is reported on a TEB. A tax equivalent adjustment is added to reflect interest earned on certain municipal securities and loans that are exempt from federal income tax. The following tables set forth the average balances, interest income, interest expense, and average yield (on a fully TEB) for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    Yields on loans and securities have been adjusted to a TEB. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was   $8.6 million   and   $8.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
               (3) 
    Includes non-accrual loans. 
              (4) 
    Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets and annualized based on a 30 day month and 360 day year. 
              (5) 
    Net interest spread represents average yield earned on interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
     
   68 

     Table of Contents  

(3) 
    Includes non-accrual loans. 
              (4) 
    Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets and annualized based on a 30 day month and 360 day year. 
              (5) 
    Net interest spread represents average yield earned on interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 

69 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Changes due to both volume and rate have been allocated to volume changes. 
     Comparison of interest income, interest expense and net interest margin 
  The Company's primary source of revenue is interest income. Interest income for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was $184.7 million, an increase of   $38.5 million  , or   26.3%  , compared to   $146.2 million   for the same period in   2015  . This increase was the result of a   $2.33 billion   increase in the average loan balance and an increase of   13   basis points in the average yield on loans, which drove a   $34.8 million   increase in loan interest income. The purchase of the HFF loan portfolio on April 20, 2016 contributed   $1.28 billion   to the total increase in the Company's loan balance and resulted in loan interest income of $21.2 million for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . The remaining increase in interest income is related to organic loan growth, which averages lower yields than the HFF portfolio.  
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , interest income was   $513.1 million  , an increase of   $139.3 million  , or   37.3%  , compared to   $373.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . This increase was primarily the result of a   $2.74 billion   increase in the average loan balance and an increase of   27   basis points in the average yield on loans, which drove a   $128.8 million   increase in loan interest income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The purchase of the HFF loan portfolio on April 20, 2016 resulted in an increase to loan interest income of $39.1 million for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015. The remaining increase in interest income is related to organic loan growth and an increase of   $10.7 million   in interest income from investment securities due to an increase in the average investment securities balance of   $560.2 million   from   September 30, 2015  . 
  Interest expense for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $12.2 million  , compared to   $8.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . Interest expense on deposits increased   $2.5 million   as the average interest-bearing deposits increased   $1.56 billion  . The   $2.0 million   increase in interest expense on qualifying debt relates to the $175.0 million issuance of subordinated  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

debentures on June 16, 2016. These increases were partially offset by a   $1.2 million   decrease in interest expense related to the payoff of short-term and long-term borrowings.  
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , interest expense was   $31.2 million   and   $24.6 million  , respectively. Interest expense on deposits increased   $5.9 million   for the same period as average interest-bearing deposits increased   $1.51 billion  . Interest expense on qualifying debt increased   $5.8 million   from the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   as a result of the issuances of subordinated debt in June 2016 and June 2015. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes a full quarter of interest expense on the 2016 subordinated debt and nine months of interest on the 2015 subordinated debt, compared to only three months of interest expense on the 2015 subordinated debt for the same period in 2015. These increases were offset by a decrease in interest expense on short-term and long-term borrowings of   $5.2 million   as a result of a   $233.8 million   decrease in average short-term and long-term borrowings for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  
  Net interest income was   $172.5 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $137.4 million   for the same period in   2015  , an increase of   $35.1 million  , or   25.6%  . The increase in net interest income reflects a   $3.24 billion   increase in average interest earning assets, offset by a   $1.49 billion   increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. The decrease in net interest margin of   4   basis points was the result of a decrease in the yields on investment securities as well as increases in cost of deposits and qualifying debt compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net interest income was   $481.9 million   and   $349.2 million  , respectively. The increase in net interest income reflects a   $3.61 billion   increase in average interest earning assets, offset by a   $1.45 billion   increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in net interest margin of   13   basis points was the result of an increase in the average loan balance and average yield on loans compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , slightly offset by higher deposit costs. 
  Provision for Credit Losses 
  The provision for credit losses in each period is reflected as a reduction of earnings in that period. The provision is equal to the amount required to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level that is adequate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the provision for credit losses was   $2.0 million  , compared to   zero   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the provision for credit losses was   $7.0 million  , compared to   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The Company may establish an additional allowance for credit losses for PCI loans through provision for credit losses when impairment is determined as a result of lower than expected cash flows. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the allowance for credit losses on PCI loans was   $1.1 million   and less than $0.1 million, respectively.   
  Non-interest Income 
  The following table presents a summary of non-interest income for the periods presented:  

Total non-interest income for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  ,   increased   by   $2.2 million  , or   25.7%  . The increase was primarily due to an increase in lending related income and gains on sale of loans, net and SBA / warrant income. Lending related income and gains on sales of loans, net benefited from an increase in letters of credit fees as well as a decrease in net losses on the sale of loans for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015. SBA / warrant income increased largely as a result of increased warrant income.   
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

Total non-interest income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  ,   increased   by   $12.1 million  , or   59.6%  . The increase was primarily attributable to service charges and fees, lending related income and gains on sales of loans, net, and SBA / warrant income. The increase in service charges and fees is due to growth in the Company's deposit base, which increased $2.83 billion from   September 30, 2015  . The increase in lending related income and gains on sales of loans, net relates to increases in total non-recurring gains on sale of loans and letters of credit fees for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015. SBA / warrant income increased largely as a result of warrant income.  
  Non-interest Expense 
  The following table presents a summary of non-interest expense for the periods presented: 

Total non-interest expense for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   2015  ,   increased     $12.1 million  , or   16.6%  . This increase primarily related to salaries and employee benefits, acquisition / restructure expense, data processing, and legal, professional, and directors' fees. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily attributable to the addition of HFF employees, other increases in staffing to support continued asset growth, and increases in certain variable compensation tied to business performance. The increase in acquisition / restructure expense is due to costs related to the HFF acquisition and core conversion costs. Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , the Company substantially completed its core conversion activities. Data processing increased due to the addition of HFF and other technology enhancement initiatives. The legal, professional, and directors' fees increase is attributable to professional services to support the continued growth of the Company in various initiatives.  
  Total non-interest expense for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   2015  ,   increased     $54.1 million  , or   28.8%  . This increase related to salaries and employee benefits, data processing, other expense, occupancy, and legal, professional, and directors' fees. The increase in occupancy and other expense related to the addition of Bridge offices, which increased rent expense, office utilities, and depreciation on premises and equipment. Increases in the remaining expense categories were influenced by the same factors noted in the paragraph above comparing the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   to the same period in 2015. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in acquisition / restructure expense of   $2.4 million   from higher one-time costs in the prior year related to the Bridge acquisition compared to the costs incurred in the current year related to the HFF acquisition and core conversion costs.  
  Income Taxes 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company's effective tax rate was   28.31%   and   24.88%  , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is due primarily to an increase in projected pre-tax book income without corresponding proportional increases to favorable tax rate items. 
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

Business Segment Results 
  The Company's reportable segments are aggregated primarily based on geographic location, services offered, and markets served. The Company's regional segments, which include Arizona, Nevada, Southern California, and Northern California, provide full service banking and related services to their respective markets. The Company's NBL segments, which include HOA services, HFF, Public   Nonprofit Finance, Technology   Innovation, and Other NBLs, provide specialized banking services to niche markets. These NBLs are managed centrally and are broader in geographic scope than the Company's other segments, though still predominately located within the Company's core market areas. The Corporate   Other segment consists of corporate-related items, income and expense items not allocated to our other reportable segments, and inter-segment eliminations. 
  The following tables present selected operating segment information for the periods presented:     

73 

     Table of Contents  

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
  Total assets   increased     $2.76 billion  , or   19.4%  , to   $17.04 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $14.28 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in assets is attributable to the   $1.28 billion   in loans acquired from the HFF purchase on April 20, 2016, organic loan growth, and an increase in investment securities resulting from increased deposits.  
  Total liabilities   increased     $2.51 billion  , or   19.7%  , to   $15.19 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $12.68 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in liabilities was due to an increase in total deposits of   $2.41 billion  , or   20.1%  , to   $14.44 billion   at   September 30, 2016   as a result of organic growth.  
  Total stockholders  equity increased by   $265.9 million  , or   16.7%  , to   $1.86 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.59 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in stockholders' equity was due to net income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , issuances of common stock under the Company's ATM program, and an increase in the fair value of the Company's AFS portfolio, which is recognized as part of AOCI. 
  
   74 

     Table of Contents  

Investment securities 
  Investment securities are classified at the time of acquisition as either HTM, AFS, or measured at fair value based upon various factors, including asset/liability management strategies, liquidity and profitability objectives, and regulatory requirements. HTM securities are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. AFS securities are securities that may be sold prior to maturity based upon asset/liability management decisions. Investment securities classified as AFS are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on AFS securities are recorded as part of AOCI in stockholders  equity. Amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts on MBS is periodically adjusted for estimated prepayments. Investment securities measured at fair value are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in current period earnings. 
  The investment securities portfolio of the Company is utilized as collateral for borrowings, required collateral for public deposits, and customer repurchase agreements, and to manage liquidity, capital, and interest rate risk. The following table summarizes the carrying value of the investment securities portfolio for each of the periods below:  

The Company does not own any subprime MBS in its investment portfolio. The majority of its MBS are GSE issued. The remaining MBS not GSE issued consist of   $406.8 million   rated AAA,   $49.9 million   rated AA,   $4.8 million   rated A,   $1.3 million   rated BBB, and   $0.3 million   are non-investment grade. 
  Gross unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   are primarily caused by interest rate fluctuations, credit spread widening, and reduced liquidity in applicable markets. The Company has reviewed securities on which there is an unrealized loss in accordance with its accounting policy for OTTI securities described in "  Note 2. Investment Securities  " to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. There were no impairment charges recorded during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  The Company does not consider any securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . However, the Company cannot guarantee that OTTI will not occur in future periods. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had the intent and ability to retain its investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  

Loans 
  The table below summarizes the distribution of the Company s held for investment loan portfolio:  

Net deferred loan fees and costs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   total   $21.0 million   and   $19.2 million  , respectively, which is a reduction in the carrying value of loans. Net unamortized discounts on loans total   $6.6 million   and   $8.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Total loans held for investment are also net of interest rate and credit marks on acquired loans totaling   $77.4 million   and   $40.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which is a reduction in the carrying value of acquired loans. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company also had   $21.3 million   and   $23.8 million   of HFS loans, respectively.  
  Concentrations of Lending Activities 
  The Company monitors concentrations within four broad categories: geography, industry, product, and collateral. The Company s loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the CRE market. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , CRE related loans accounted for approximately   54%   and   49%   of total loans, respectively. Substantially all of these loans are secured by first liens with an initial loan to value ratio of generally not more than 75%. Approximately   35%   and   48%   of these CRE loans, excluding construction and land loans, were owner-occupied at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  Impaired loans 
  A loan is identified as impaired when it is no longer probable that interest and principal will be collected according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Generally, impaired loans are classified as non-accrual. However, in certain instances, impaired loans may continue on an accrual basis if full repayment of all principal and interest is expected and the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Impaired loans are measured for reserve requirements in accordance with ASC 310 based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan's observable market price or the fair value of the collateral less applicable disposition costs if the loan is collateral dependent. The amount of an impairment reserve, if any, and any subsequent changes are charged against the allowance for credit losses.  
  In addition to the Company's own internal loan review process, regulators may from time to time direct the Company to modify loan grades, loan impairment calculations, or loan impairment methodology.  
  Total non-performing loans, excluding loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality,   decreased   by   $24.5 million  , or   20.1%  , at   September 30, 2016   to   $97.6 million   from   $122.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  

Interest income received on non-accrual loans was   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.2 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. Interest income that would have been recorded under the original terms of non-accrual loans was   $0.6 million   and   $1.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.5 million   and   $1.9 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  The composition of non-accrual loans by loan type and by segment were as follows:  

77 

     Table of Contents  

Troubled Debt Restructured Loans 
  A TDR loan is a loan that is granted a concession, for reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, that the lender would not otherwise consider. The loan terms that have been modified or restructured due to a borrower s financial situation include, but are not limited to, a reduction in the stated interest rate, an extension of the maturity or renewal of the loan at an interest rate below current market, a reduction in the face amount of the debt, a reduction in accrued interest, extensions, deferrals, renewals, and rewrites. A TDR loan is also considered impaired. Generally, a loan that is modified at an effective market rate of interest is no longer disclosed as a TDR in years subsequent to the restructuring if it is performing based on the terms specified by the restructuring agreement. However, such loans continue to be considered impaired. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the aggregate amount of loans classified as impaired was   $104.8 million   and   $128.9 million  , respectively, a net   decrease   of   18.7%  . The total specific allowance for credit losses related to these loans was   $4.8 million   and   $4.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company had   $54.7 million   and   $70.7 million   in loans classified as accruing restructured loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  Impaired loans by segment at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:  

78 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present a breakdown of total impaired loans and the related specific reserves for the periods indicated:  

79 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Credit Losses 
  The following table summarizes the activity in the Company's allowance for credit losses for the period indicated:  

The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses by loan type. However, the allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories.  

80 

     Table of Contents  

Problem Loans 
  The Company classifies loans consistent with federal banking regulations using a nine category grading system. These loan grades are described in further detail in "Item 1. Business  of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The following table presents information regarding potential and actual problem loans, consisting of loans graded Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss, but still performing, and excluding acquired loans:  

81 

     Table of Contents  

Other Assets Acquired Through Foreclosure 
  The following table represents the changes in other assets acquired through foreclosure:  

(1) 
    There were   no   net gains related to initial transfers to other assets during each of the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

(2) 
    Includes net gains related to initial transfers to other assets of   zero   and   $0.9 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
     Other assets acquired through foreclosure consist primarily of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure. OREO and other repossessed property are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell the property. Costs relating to the development or improvement of the assets are capitalized and costs relating to holding the assets are charged to expense. The Company had   $49.6 million  ,   $43.9 million  , and   $57.7 million   of such assets at   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company held   33   OREO properties, compared to   39   at   December 31, 2015  , and   45   at   September 30, 2015  .  
  
   82 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill represents the excess consideration paid for net assets acquired in a business combination over their fair value. Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a business combination that are determined to have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization, but are subsequently evaluated for impairment at least annually. The Company has goodwill of   $290.0 million   and intangible assets totaling   $13.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which have been allocated to the Nevada, Northern California, HFF, and Technology   Innovation operating segments. 
  The Company performs its annual goodwill and intangibles impairment tests as of October 1 each year, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were no events or circumstances that indicated an interim impairment test of goodwill or other intangible assets was necessary. 
  The Company recognized initial goodwill of   $0.2 million   related to the HFF loan portfolio purchase, which closed on April 20, 2016. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to adjustment during the first twelve months after the acquisition date if additional information becomes available to indicate a more accurate or appropriate value for an asset or liability. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there were no measurement period adjustments identified related to HFF.  
  During the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company identified   $1.5 million   in measurement period adjustments from the Bridge acquisition, primarily related to reductions in other assets and accrued liabilities. The measurement period for the Bridge acquisition ended on June 30, 2016, therefore, the fair values of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed are final.  
  Deferred Tax Assets 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the net deferred tax assets decreased   $13.6 million   to   $72.7 million  . This overall decrease in the net deferred tax asset was primarily the result of decreases to deferred tax assets based on a change in the fair market value of junior subordinated debt and AFS securities, expected use of AMT credit carryovers, and fair market value adjustments related to acquired loans. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have a deferred tax valuation allowance. 
  Deposits 
  Deposits are the primary source for funding the Company's asset growth. Total deposits increased to   $14.44 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $12.03 billion   at   December 31, 2015  ,   an increase   of   $2.41 billion  , or   20.1%  . Non-interest-bearing demand deposits   increased   by   $1.53 billion   from   December 31, 2015  . Savings and money market deposits increased   $672.6 million   from   December 31, 2015  .  
  WAB is a member of Promontory, a network that offers deposit placement services such as CDARS and ICS, which offer products that qualify large deposits for FDIC insurance. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $468.6 million   of CDARS deposits and   $643.5 million   of ICS deposits, compared to   $517.5 million   of CDARS deposits and   $714.4 million   of ICS deposits at   December 31, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company also had   $165.7 million   and   $178.8 million  , respectively, of wholesale brokered deposits. There was also   $481.4 million   and   $365.6 million   of additional deposits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, that the Company considers core deposits, but which are classified as brokered deposits for regulatory reporting purposes. 
  
   83 

     Table of Contents  

The average balances and weighted average rates paid on deposits are presented below: 

Other Borrowings 
  The Company from time to time utilizes short-term borrowed funds to support short-term liquidity needs generally created by increased loan demand. The majority of these short-term borrowed funds consist of advances from the FHLB and customer repurchase agreements. The Company s borrowing capacity with the FHLB is determined based on collateral pledged, generally consisting of securities and loans. In addition, the Company has borrowing capacity from other sources, collateralized by securities, including securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction, and may require additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. At   September 30, 2016  , total short-term borrowed funds consisted of customer repurchase agreements of   $44.4 million  . At   December 31, 2015  , total short-term borrowed funds consisted of customer repurchase agreements of   $38.2 million   and FHLB advances of   $150.0 million  . 
  Qualifying Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016  , total qualifying debt consisted of   $321.9 million   of subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt of   $61.0 million  , inclusive of issuance costs and fair market value adjustments. At   December 31, 2015  , qualifying debt consisted of subordinated debt of   $152.0 million   and junior subordinated debt of   $58.4 million  . 
  
   84 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. The critical accounting policies upon which the Company's financial condition and results of operations depend, and which involve the most complex subjective decisions or assessments, are included in the discussion entitled "Critical Accounting Policies" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , and all amendments thereto, as filed with the SEC. There were no material changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  Liquidity 
  Liquidity is the ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, fund asset growth and business operations, and meet contractual obligations through unconstrained access to funding at reasonable market rates. Liquidity management involves forecasting funding requirements and maintaining sufficient capacity to meet the needs and accommodate fluctuations in asset and liability levels due to changes in the Company's business operations or unanticipated events. 
  The ability to have readily available funds sufficient to repay fully maturing liabilities is of primary importance to depositors, creditors, and regulators. The Company's liquidity, represented by cash and amounts due from banks, federal funds sold, and non-pledged marketable securities, is a result of its operating, investing, and financing activities and related cash flows. In order to ensure funds are available when necessary, on at least a quarterly basis, the Company projects the amount of funds that will be required over a twelve month period and it also strives to maintain relationships with a diversified customer base. Liquidity requirements can also be met through short-term borrowings or the disposition of short-term assets.  
  The following table presents the available and outstanding balances of the Company's lines of credit:  

September 30, 2016 

Available  Balance 
      
    Outstanding Balance 

(in millions) 
      Unsecured fed funds credit lines at correspondent banks 
      
    $ 
    100.0 

$ 

Other lines with correspondent banks:  

Secured other lines with correspondent banks 
      
    25.0 

Unsecured other lines with correspondent banks 
      
    45.0 

Total other lines with correspondent banks 
      
    $ 
    70.0 

$ 

In addition to lines of credit, the Company has borrowing capacity with the FHLB and FRB from pledged loans and securities. The borrowing capacity, outstanding borrowings, and available credit as of   September 30, 2016   are presented in the following table: 

The Company has a formal liquidity policy and, in the opinion of management, its liquid assets are considered adequate to meet cash flow needs for loan funding and deposit cash withdrawals for the next 90-120 days. At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $2.05 billion   in liquid assets, comprised of   $356.3 million   in cash, cash equivalents, and money market investments and   $1.69 billion   in unpledged marketable securities. At   December 31, 2015  , the Company maintained   $1.26 billion   in liquid assets,  
  
   85 

     Table of Contents  

comprised of   $224.8 million   of cash, cash equivalents, and money market investments, and   $1.04 billion   of unpledged marketable securities. 
  The Parent maintains liquidity that would be sufficient to fund its operations and certain non-bank affiliate operations for an extended period should funding from normal sources be disrupted. Since deposits are taken by WAB and not by the Parent, Parent liquidity is not dependent on the bank's deposit balances. In the Company's analysis of Parent liquidity, it is assumed that the Parent is unable to generate funds from additional debt or equity issuances, receives no dividend income from subsidiaries and does not pay dividends to stockholders, while continuing to make nondiscretionary payments needed to maintain operations and repayment of contractual principal and interest payments owed by the Parent and affiliated companies. Under this scenario, the amount of time the Parent and its non-bank subsidiary can operate and meet all obligations before the current liquid assets are exhausted is considered as part of the Parent liquidity analysis. Management believes the Parent maintains adequate liquidity capacity to operate without additional funding from new sources for over twelve months.  
  WAB maintains sufficient funding capacity to address large increases in funding requirements, such as deposit outflows. This capacity is comprised of liquidity derived from a reduction in asset levels and various secured funding sources. On a long-term basis, the Company s liquidity will be met by changing the relative distribution of its asset portfolios (for example, by reducing investment or loan volumes, or selling or encumbering assets). Further, the Company can increase liquidity by soliciting higher levels of deposit accounts through promotional activities and/or borrowing from correspondent banks, the FHLB of San Francisco, and the FRB. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's long-term liquidity needs primarily relate to funds required to support loan originations, commitments, and deposit withdrawals, which can be met by cash flows from investment payments and maturities, and investment sales, if necessary. 
  The Company s liquidity is comprised of three primary classifications: 1) cash flows provided by operating activities; 2) cash flows used in investing activities; and 3) cash flows provided by financing activities. Net cash provided by or used in operating activities consists primarily of net income, adjusted for changes in certain other asset and liability accounts and certain non-cash income and expense items, such as the provision for credit losses, investment and other amortization and depreciation. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , net cash provided by operating activities was   $214.5 million   and   $144.6 million   respectively. 
  The Company's primary investing activities are the origination of real estate and commercial loans, the collection of repayments of these loans, and the purchase and sale of securities. The Company's net cash provided by and used in investing activities has been primarily influenced by its loan and securities activities. The net increase in loans for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $551.9 million   and   $943.8 million  , respectively. There was a net increase in investment securities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $711.9 million  , compared to a net increase of   $350.5 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
  Net cash provided by financing activities has been impacted significantly by increased deposit levels. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net deposits increased   $2.41 billion   and   $937.5 million  , respectively. 
  Fluctuations in core deposit levels may increase the Company's need for liquidity as certificates of deposit mature or are withdrawn before maturity, and as non-maturity deposits, such as checking and savings account balances, are withdrawn. Additionally, the Company is exposed to the risk that customers with large deposit balances will withdraw all or a portion of such deposits, due in part to the FDIC limitations on the amount of insurance coverage provided to depositors. To mitigate the uninsured deposit risk, the Company has joined the CDARS and ICS programs, which allow an individual customer to invest up to $50.0 million and $110.0 million, respectively, through one participating financial institution or, a combined total of $150.0 million per individual customer, with the entire amount being covered by FDIC insurance. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $468.6 million   of CDARS and   $643.5 million   of ICS deposits. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $165.7 million   of wholesale brokered deposits outstanding. Brokered deposits are generally considered to be deposits that have been received from a third party who is engaged in the business of placing deposits on behalf of others. A traditional deposit broker will direct deposits to the banking institution offering the highest interest rate available. Federal banking laws and regulations place restrictions on depository institutions regarding brokered deposits because of the general concern that these deposits are not relationship-based and are at a greater risk of being withdrawn and placed on deposit at another institution offering a higher interest rate, thus posing liquidity risk for institutions that gather brokered deposits in significant amounts. There was also   $481.4 million   and   $365.6 million   of additional deposits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, that the Company considers core deposits, but which are classified as brokered deposits for regulatory reporting purposes. 
  Federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on dividends paid. The total amount of dividends which may be paid at any date is generally limited to the retained earnings of the bank. Dividends paid by WAB to the Parent would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the bank s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements.  
  
   86 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Parent contributed   $54.6 million   to WAB and   $226.9 million   to LVSP and LVSP paid a dividend to the Parent of   $11.8 million  .  
   
  Capital Resources 
  The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could trigger certain mandatory or discretionary actions that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s business and financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company and the Bank exceeded the capital levels necessary to be classified as well-capitalized, as defined by the banking agencies. The actual capital amounts and ratios for the Company and the Bank are presented in the following tables as of the periods indicated: 

87 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
     Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and equity prices. The Company's market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in its lending, investing, and deposit taking activities. To that end, management actively monitors and manages the Company's interest rate risk exposure. The Company generally manages its interest rate sensitivity by evaluating re-pricing opportunities on its earning assets to those on its funding liabilities. 
  Management uses various asset/liability strategies to manage the re-pricing characteristics of the Company's assets and liabilities, all of which are designed to ensure that exposure to interest rate fluctuations is limited to within the Company's guidelines of acceptable levels of risk-taking. Hedging strategies, including the terms and pricing of loans and deposits and management of the deployment of its securities, are used to reduce mismatches in interest rate re-pricing opportunities of portfolio assets and their funding sources. 
  Interest rate risk is addressed by the ALCO, which includes members of executive management, finance, and operations. ALCO monitors interest rate risk by analyzing the potential impact on the net EVE and net interest income from potential changes in interest rates and considers the impact of alternative strategies or changes in balance sheet structure. The Company manages its balance sheet in part to maintain the potential impact on EVE and net interest income within acceptable ranges despite changes in interest rates. 
  The Company's exposure to interest rate risk is reviewed at least quarterly by the ALCO. Interest rate risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine its change in both EVE and net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. If potential changes to EVE and net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by the Bank s BOD, the BOD may direct management to adjust the asset and liability mix to bring interest rate risk within Board-approved limits. 
  Net Interest Income Simulation.   In order to measure interest rate risk at   September 30, 2016  , the Company used a simulation model to project changes in net interest income that result from forecasted changes in interest rates. This analysis calculates the difference between a baseline net interest income forecast using current yield curves that do not take into consideration any future anticipated rate hikes, compared to forecasted net income resulting from an immediate parallel shift in rates upward or downward, along with other scenarios directed by ALCO. The income simulation model includes various assumptions regarding the re-pricing relationships for each of the Company's products. Many of the Company's assets are floating rate loans, which are assumed to re-price immediately and, proportional to the change in market rates, depending on their contracted index. Some loans and investments contain contractual prepayment features (embedded options) and, accordingly, the simulation model incorporates prepayment assumptions. The Company's non-term deposit products re-price more slowly, usually changing less than the change in market rates and at the Company's discretion. 
  This analysis indicates the impact of changes in net interest income for the given set of rate changes and assumptions. It assumes the balance sheet remains static and that its structure does not change over the course of the year. It does not account for all factors that could impact the Company's results, including changes by management to mitigate interest rate changes or secondary factors such as changes to the Company's credit risk profile as interest rates change. 
  Furthermore, loan prepayment rate estimates and spread relationships change regularly. Interest rate changes create changes in actual loan prepayment speeds that will differ from the market estimates incorporated in this analysis. Changes that vary significantly from the modeled assumptions may have significant effects on the Company's actual net interest income. 
  
   88 

     Table of Contents  

This simulation model assesses the changes in net interest income that would occur in response to an instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease (shock) in market interest rates. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's net interest income exposure for the next twelve months related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the Company's current guidelines. 
  Sensitivity of Net Interest Income 

Economic Value of Equity.   The Company measures the impact of market interest rate changes on the NPV of estimated cash flows from its assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, defined as EVE, using a simulation model. This simulation model assesses the changes in the market value of interest rate sensitive financial instruments that would occur in response to an instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease (shock) in market interest rates. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's EVE exposure related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the Company's current guidelines. The following table shows the Company's projected change in EVE for this set of rate shocks at   September 30, 2016  : 
  Economic Value of Equity    

The computation of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, asset prepayments, and deposit decay, and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions the Company may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Actual amounts may differ from the projections set forth above should market conditions vary from the underlying assumptions. 
  Derivative Contracts.   In the normal course of business, the Company uses derivative instruments to meet the needs of its customers and manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. The following table summarizes the aggregate notional amounts, market values, and terms of the Company s derivative positions as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  Outstanding Derivatives Positions 

89 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures. 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 
  Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Additionally, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were also effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or is subject to under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

90 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings. 
     There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or to which any of its properties are subject. There are no material proceedings known to the Company to be contemplated by any governmental authority. From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of litigation matters in the ordinary course of business and anticipates that the Company will become involved in new litigation matters in the future. 
   
           Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors. 
     There have not been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
   
           Item 5. 
    Other Information. 
     Not applicable. 
  
   91 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits. 
     EXHIBITS 
                   3.1 
      
    Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Western Alliance s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 

3.2 
      
    Certificate of Designation of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of Western Alliance s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 

3.3 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Western Alliance, effective as of May 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2015).  

4.1 
      
    Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Western Alliance s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 

4.2 
      
    Form of 5.00% Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Bank Note due July 15, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2015).  

4.3 
      
    Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated June 16, 2016, between Western Alliance and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2016).   

4.4 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture (including Form of Debenture) dated June 16, 2016 between Western Alliance and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2016).  

* Filed herewith. 

92 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION 

October 31, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Robert Sarver 

Robert Sarver 

Chairman of the Board and 

Chief Executive Officer 

October 31, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Dale Gibbons 

Dale Gibbons 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

October 31, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ J. Kelly Ardrey Jr.  

J. Kelly Ardrey Jr. 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Accounting Officer 

93 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 walex31110q9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Robert Sarver, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly Report   on   Form 10-Q   of Western Alliance Bancorporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Robert Sarver 

Robert Sarver 

Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: 
    October 31, 2016 

Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 walex31210q9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Dale Gibbons, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly Report   on   Form 10-Q   of Western Alliance Bancorporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Dale Gibbons 

Dale Gibbons 

Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: 
    October 31, 2016 

Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 walex3210q9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  This certification is given by the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Western Alliance Bancorporation (the  Registrant ) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, with respect to the Registrant's   quarterly report   on   Form 10-Q   for the   quarter   ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), that, to each of their knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: 
    October 31, 2016 

/s/ Robert Sarver 

Chief Executive Officer 

Western Alliance Bancorporation 

Date: 
    October 31, 2016 

/s/ Dale Gibbons 

Chief Financial Officer 

Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wal-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wal-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wal-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wal-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wal-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wal-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

