<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1568139_0001144204-16-134615_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1996232</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52861</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>125768</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>529606</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>835796</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>411297</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134615.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115110531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134615
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bio-En Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				990369116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-186629
		FILM NUMBER:		161998312

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8453647151

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Olivia Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134615.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 v452886_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

For the transition
period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission File Number: 333-186629  

Bio-En Holdings Corp.  

 (Name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware   
       
       990369776    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or   
 organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

56 Main Street  

  Monsey, New York 10952   

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(845)364-7151   

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
         No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes            No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated Filer  
         
      Accelerated Filer  

Non-accelerated Filer (Do not check if smaller reporting company  
         
      Small Reporting Company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No   x  

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of November 14, 2016 there were 32,350,003 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I. - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements.   
      4   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      5   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    
      7   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures.   
      7   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings.   
      8   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
      8   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      8   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      8   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      8   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information.   
      8   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits.   
      9   

2   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts.
Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   intend,   could,   should,   would, 
 may,   seek,   plan,   might,   will,   expect,   predict, 
 project,   forecast,   potential,   continue  negatives thereof or similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations
about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations
or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict
all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or
conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various
places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including
statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives
of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future
financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking
statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time
than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this
Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained or referred to in this Report. 

Except to the
extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

3   

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP  

    INTERIM FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

4   

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP  

    BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in U.S. Dollars)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 2  

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP  

    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3  

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP  

    STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4  

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP  

    NOTES TO THE INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  For the Nine Months ended September 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION  

Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc.) is a Delaware company
(the  Company ), incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2, 2011. The Company intends to be
a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. Bio-En holds a license agreement for a portfolio of
patents including Gravity Pressure Vessels and supporting appurtenances ( the licensed technology ). 

The Company has planned to design and execute
agreements to build, operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta, utilizing the technology it has
licensed. It is currently considering alternative ways of commercializing the technology. 

Effective August 21, 2014, the Company
filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation changing the Company s name
from Olivia, Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp. 

On August 21, 2014, Bio-En Corp merged
with, and into Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc.); with Bio-En Corp being the surviving entity of the merger and changing
its name to Bio-En Holdings Corp. This transaction closed on September 10, 2014; each issued and outstanding share of common stock
of Bio En Corp, was converted into one share of common stock in Bio-En Holdings Corp. 

The completion of the Share Exchange/Merger
Agreement resulted in a change of control. The Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization, with
Bio-En Corp regarded as the accounting acquirer, since Bio En Corp Shareholders collectively beneficially owned approximately 89.6%
of the Common Stock immediately after the Exchange. 

Basis of Presentation  

 The Company maintains its accounting records
on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).
These financial statements are presented in US dollars. 

Fiscal Year End  

 The Corporation has adopted a fiscal year
end of December 31. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Statements  

 The interim financial statements of the
Company as of September 30, 2016, and for the periods then ended are unaudited. However, in the opinion of management, the interim
financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the
Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods
ended September 30, 2016. These results are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the calendar year ending December
31, 2016. The accompanying financial statements and notes thereto do not reflect all disclosures required under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Refer to the Company s audited financial statements as of December 31, 2015, filed
with the SEC, for additional information, including significant accounting policies. 

Functional and Reporting Currency  

 The Company's reporting currency is the
U.S. dollar. The Company s functional currency is the Euro. The functional currency for its energy projects is the Euro because
Malta, an EU member state, is the primary economic environment in which the Company conducts its operations. Assets and liabilities
of the Malta project are translated using the exchange rate on the respective balance sheet dates. Items in the income statement
and cash flow statement are translated into U.S. Dollars using the average rates of exchange for the periods involved. The resulting
translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income/(loss) within stockholders  equity. 

F- 5  

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The principal accounting policies are
set out below, these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented, unless otherwise stated:  

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of the interim financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Going concern  

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at September 30, 2016, the Company has a working capital deficit
of $423,948 a net loss from operations of $150,125, an accumulated deficit of $596,790, and has earned no revenues since inception.
The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures,
working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

In response to these problems, management
intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties  

 The Company intends to operate in an industry
that is subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial,
operational, technological, regulatory and other risks, including the potential of business failure. 

Business Segments  

 The Company operates in one segment and
therefore segment information is not presented. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

 Cash and equivalents include investments
with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions
that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to $250,000. 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net  

 Property and equipment are stated at cost,
less accumulated depreciation. Major repairs and betterments that significantly extend original useful lives or improve productivity
are capitalized and depreciated over the period benefited. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. When property and
equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the shorter of useful
life of the property or the unit of depletion method. 

F- 6  

Intangible Assets  

 Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite
lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives,
generally on a straight-line basis, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the
financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of
these goods and services. 

Research and Development  

 Internal research and development costs
are expensed as incurred. Third-party research and development costs are expensed when the contracted work has been performed. 

Royalty Expense  

 Royalties are calculated as the greater
of 3% of gross revenues or $330,000. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum
royalty payment of $330,000 (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial
project development funding, client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed
in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized, in cost of sales. 

Share Based Payments  

 The Company recognizes compensation expense
for all equity based payments in accordance with ASC 718  Share-based payments . Under fair value recognition
provisions, the Company recognizes equity based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award. 

Share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award,
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 

The Company accounts for share based
payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505,  Equity Based Payments to Non Employees .
The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the
counterparty s performance is complete. 

Earnings per share  

 The Company computes net loss per share
in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share  ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per
share ( EPS ) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable
to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS
is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares, which comprise options granted to employees. 

Common stock equivalents totaling 30,000
on September 30, 2016 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to
the fact that the Company reported a net loss in the third quarter of 2016 and to do so would be anti-dilutive. 

Income taxes  

 The Company accounts for income taxes under
FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ( ASC 740-10-25 ). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC
740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. 

F- 7  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 The Company measures assets and liabilities
at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements, which represents
the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be, in an orderly transaction
between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level. 

The following are the hierarchical levels
of inputs to measure fair value: 

- Level 1:  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments;   

- Level 2:  
      Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);   

- Level 3:  
      Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).   

The carrying values for cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and deferred revenue approximate their fair
value due to their short maturities. 

F- 8  

NOTE 3   PURCHASED INTANGIBLE
ASSETS, NET  

The following table summarizes purchased
intangible assets as of September 30, 2016. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies, related to the conversion of cellulose materials into energy producing Ethanol. 

On March 23, 2014, the Company entered
into an Exclusive License Agreement for the acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into
energy producing Ethanol. The purchase price includes; a partial initial payment of 10% of the common stock of the Company and
$330,000 (including 18% VAT) payable in cash. 

Amortization expense related to the purchased
intangible assets was $14,532 during nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The estimated future amortization expense
of purchased intangible assets as of September 30, 2016, is as follows: 

F- 9  

NOTE 4   ACCOUNT PAYABLE - RELATED PARTY  

The debt is due to the director compensation. 

 The above debt is unsecured, bears no interest
and has no set terms of repayment. This debt is repayable on demand 

NOTE 5   LOAN FROM RELATED PARTY  

The above loan is unsecured, bears no interest and has no set
terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand 

NOTE 6   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

Merger  

 On August 21, 2014 the Company entered
into a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement, between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia, Inc. a Delaware corporation, Serena B. Potash
(the Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp, a Delaware corporation. On August 21, 2014 (the  Closing Date ) we filed
a certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp, with Bio-En Holdings Corp
the surviving entity. 

In connection with the Share Exchange /
Merger Agreement and our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ms. Potash, the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms.
Potash of 6,024,625 shares of the Company s common stock representing 84% of the then outstanding common stock (all of which
shares have been cancelled by the Company and are now included in the Company s pool of authorized but unissued shares.). 

In conjunction with the Merger Agreement,
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21, 2014 were exchanged for 28,980,000 shares of Bio-En Holdings
Corp common stock. 

Common Stock  

 For the period from January 6, 2014 to
March 31, 2014, the Company issued 4,409,196 shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $441, for professional services. 

On March 23, 2014 the Company issued 2,548,853
shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $255, as consideration to purchase license rights to develop and use patented intellectual
property as described in note 3. 

For the period between January 6, 2014
and March 31, 2014 the Company issued 23,041,951 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.0001 per share for $2,304 to related
parties for services. 

Additional Paid-in Capital  

 During 2014, an officer of the Company
paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $133,454, which was treated as contributed capital. 

Cancellation of Shares  

 On August 21, 2014, the Company entered
into a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp, a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal
shareholder of Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of 7,894,625 shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock, agreed to cancel
6,024,601 of their shares. All cancelled shares of common stock were returned to the Company s pool of authorized but unissued
shares. 

NOTE 7   INCOME TAXES  

The (benefit)/provision for income taxes
for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 differ from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying
the statutory tax rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve
net deferred tax assets. 

F- 10  

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to
be available to reduce taxable income. 

The Company has provided a valuation allowance
against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management s uncertainty about its realization. As of September
30, 2016 the Company had approximately $590,790 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable
income, and expire by the year 2036. 

NOTE 8   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Parties are considered to be related if
one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. 

A related party transaction is considered
to be a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties, regardless of whether or not a price is charged. 

Details of transactions between the Company
and related parties are disclosed below: 

The following entities have been identified
as related parties:  

Ms. Serena Potash  
      - President/director   
 
      Mr. Bruce Minsky  
      - Company secretary   
 
      Mr. Peter Hurrell  
      - Vice president and greater than 10% stockholder   
 
      Mr. Geoffrey McLaren  
      - Director and greater than 10% stockholder   
 
      Mr. Joseph Micalle  
      - Director and greater than 10% stockholder   
 
      Mr. Mayer Feiler  
      - Greater than 10% stockholder   
 
      Applied Bio-Fuels Limited  
      - Greater than 10% stockholder   

F- 11  

September 30,       
     December 31,     

2016       
     2015     

(Unaudited)       

$       
     $     
 
     The following balances existed with related parties:    

Balance sheets:    

Loan from related party    
        72,762       
        56,362     
 
     From time to time, the president of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand.    

Accounts payable - related party    
        165,000       
        97,500     
 
     On December 1, 2014, the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash, Chairman of the Board/Director, Geoffrey McLaren, Director and Joseph Micalle, Director.  The Company will pay each Director $30,000 per calendar year, payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash, the Corporation may, at the election of the Directors, pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.  The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations  common stock on the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by 30%.    

Income Statement:    

Compensation expense    
        67,500       
        90,000     
 
     Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $2,500 per director.    

F- 12  

NOTE 9   COMMITMENTS  

Independent Contractor Consulting Agreement  

 The Company entered into a Consulting Agreement
on March 23, 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc., to provide Technical Support Services in the field of gravity pressure vessel
application and related matters. 

The Company agreed to retain the GeneSyst
International Inc. to work as its independent contractor for a minimum annual retainer fee of $150,000. Consulting services commence
upon the successful raising of $10,000,000 and commencement of construction of a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta. 

Payment of 3% royalties on gross revenues  

 An initial payment of $330,000 is due 30
days after the Company receives initial project development funding, customer contract or initiation of engineering and shall be
due annually thereafter. Royalties are calculated as the greater of $330,000 or 3% of gross revenues, annually. 

NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In accordance with ASC 855-10, Company
management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent
events to report. 

F- 13  

Item 2.   
         Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

The following is management s
discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Bio-En Holdings Corp. ( Bio-En ,
the  Company ,  we , and  our ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as its plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Its actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements. The following information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated interim financial
statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ).  

Overview  

Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the  Company 
or  BHC ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2, 2011 as Olivia, Inc. On March 27, 2014,
the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company s
name from Olivia, Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp. 

On September 10, 2014 (the  Closing
Date ), Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the  Company  or  BHC ) closed on a Share Exchange/Merger Agreement,
dated August 21, 2014, (the  Merger Agreement ) by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Bio-En Corp., a Delaware corporation,
( Bio-En ), and (iii) Serena B. Potash, an officer and director of BHC and the majority shareholder of BHC. Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Bio-En was merged with and into BHC, with BHC to continue as the surviving corporation (the
 Surviving Corporation ) in the Merger, and BHC succeeding to and assuming all the rights, assets, liabilities, debts,
and obligations of Bio-En (the  Merger ). Although Bio-En Corp. s fiscal year-end, prior to the Merger, was June
30, the Company s fiscal year-end remains December 31. 

In connection with the Merger, BHC entered
into a Cancellation Agreement with Ms. Potash (the  Cancellation Agreement ) whereby Ms. Potash, owning an aggregate
of 7,894,625 shares of the BHC s common stock cancelled 6,024,625 of her BHC shares. 

The Company is devoting substantially all
of its efforts to the development of its business plan, which is to exploit commercially the licensed technologies by pursuing
a business of producing and selling ethanol and butanol made from municipal solid waste and other cellulosic fiber. The Company
intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. 

The Company has been intending to plan,
design, and execute agreements to build, operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the island of Malta, which is contingent
on sufficient capital funding of at least $80-90 million ( the Required Capital Funding ). Under that plan, the Company
would enter into an agreement with Applied Biofuels (Malta) Limited whereby all assets of Applied Biofuels (Malta) Limited shall
be transferred to a new subsidiary ( Newco ), to be incorporated in Malta, which will be a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. As of the date of this Report, no such formal agreement has been finalized.  

In addition, under the plan the Company
would expect to finalize the planning, design, engineering and signed agreements to build and operate a facility using Gravity
Pressure Vessel Technology in Weak Acid Hydrolysis to convert Biomass to Ethanol ( Facility ). The Facility would combine
technologies from the waste management industry and integrate the recycling of waste, control of carbon dioxide and other emissions,
with the profitable production of fuel grade Ethanol. The Facility would be expected to be built on the Island of Malta and would
become fully operational within two years of the receipt of the Required Capital Funding. 

As of the date of this Report, no such
formal agreements have been finalized. 

Having not succeeded to date in realizing the Required Capital Funding, the Company is considering additional
or alternative ways of commercializing the Licensed Technologies. 

Limited Operating History  

There is no historical financial information
about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a development stage company and have not generated any revenues
to date. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources. 

Results of Operations  

5   

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenues  

We are still in our development stage and did not generate any
revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

We incurred total operating expenses of
$44,573 and $63,567 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. All of these expenses related to general
and administrative expenses. 

Net Loss  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred a net loss of $44,573 and $63,567 respectively, a decrease of $18,994. This decrease was due mainly
to decreases in directors  remuneration and legal and consulting fees. As we did not generate any revenues during the three
months ended September 30, 2016, our net loss equaled our operating expenses.      

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

Revenues  

We did not generate any revenues during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

We incurred total operating expenses of $145,152 and $159,550
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. All of these expenses related to general and administrative
expenses. 

Net Loss  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
incurred a net loss of $150,125 and $159,550, respectively, a decrease of $9,425. This decrease was due mainly to decreases in
directors  remuneration and legal and consulting fees. As we did not generate any revenues during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, our net loss equaled our operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As at September 30, 2016, the Company has a working capital deficit of $423,948, a net loss of $150,125, and has not earned
any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements,
which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending
December 31, 2016. 

The ability of the Company to realize its
business plan is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of
its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement
offerings. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Inflation  

We do not believe that inflation has had
a material effect on our results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Intangible Assets  

Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite
lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives,
generally on a straight-line basis, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. 

6   

Share Based Payments  

The Company recognizes compensation expense
for all equity based payments in accordance with ASC 718  Share-based payments . Under fair value recognition
provisions, the Company recognizes equity based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award. 

Share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award,
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 

The Company accounts for share based
payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505,  Equity Based Payments to Non Employees .
The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the
counterparty s performance is complete. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

During 2014, the Company elected to early
adopt Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain
Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception to date information and all
references to development stage. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage
in any hedging activities. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures.    

Disclosure of Controls
and Procedures  

Our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934 are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September 30, 2016 and, based on his evaluation, and has concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective due to the material weaknesses, which is that we did not sufficiently segregate duties over incompatible functions
at our corporate headquarters. 

7   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

We are currently
not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory
organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened
against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries  officers
or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

We believe there are no changes that constitute material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None 

Item 3.   
       Defaults upon Senior Securities    

There has been no default in the payment of principal, interest,
sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of the Company. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other information    

There is no other
information required to be disclosed under this item which was not previously disclosed. 

8   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

* Filed herewith. 

+ In accordance
with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BIO-EN HOLDINGS CORP.    
 
      Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Serena B. Potash    

Serena B. Potash   

President   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Ossie Weitzman    

Ossie Weitzman   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

9   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452886_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Serena B. Potash, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Bio-En Holdings Corp.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.  

By:  
       /s/ Serena B. Potash   

Serena B. Potash  

President 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452886_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Ossie Weitzman, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Bio-En Holdings Corp.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.  

By:  
       /s/ Ossie Weitzman   

Ossie Weitzman 
         Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452886_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), Serena B. Potash, President of the Company, certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Quarterly Report, fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.    The information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

By:  
       /s/ Serena B. Potash   

Serena B. Potash  

President 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452886_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), Ossie Weitzman, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Quarterly Report, fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.    The information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

By:  
       /s/ Ossie Weitzman   

Ossie Weitzman  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 benh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 benh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 benh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 benh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 benh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 benh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

