<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_1584509_0001584509-16-000514_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19791211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412404</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>966889</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7154098</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8421048</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2463797</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>102</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001584509-16-000514.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123160349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001584509-16-000514
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aramark
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				208236097
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36223
		FILM NUMBER:		162016626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 MARKET STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-238-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 MARKET STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARAMARK Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001584509-16-000514.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 fy2016aramark10-k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
  ___________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-K  
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  ___________________________________________ 
  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016                               Commission File Number: 001-36223  
  
                 Aramark 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
      Delaware 
    20-8236097 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 
      Aramark Tower 
  1101 Market Street 
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
    19107 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

(215) 238-3000  
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)  
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
                 Title of Each Class 
    Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
      Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
  ___________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
  Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
  Yes           No    x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                             Large accelerated filer 
    x     
    Accelerated filer 
    o 
    Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x    
  As of April 1, 2016, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately   $7,985.3 million  . 
  As of   October 28, 2016  , the number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding is   244,754,648  . 

___________________________________________ 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the registrant's   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held on February 1, 2017, will be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to portions of Part III. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the registrant's fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I  

1 
        
     Item 1.  
     Business  
    1 
        
     Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    10 
        
     Item 1B.  
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    20 
        
     Item 2.  
     Properties  
    20 
        
     Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    21 
        
     Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    21 

PART II  

23 
        
     Item 5.  
     Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    23 
        
     Item 6.  
     Selected Consolidated Financial Data  
    25 
        
     Item 7.  
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    26 
        
     Item 7A.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    44 
        
     Item 8.  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    44 
        
     Item 9.  
     Changes and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    44 
        
     Item 9A.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    45 

PART III  

47 
        
     Item 10.  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    47 
        
     Item 11.  
     Executive Compensation  
    47 
        
     Item 12.  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    47 
        
     Item 13.  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    47 
        
     Item 14.  
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
    47 

PART IV  

48 
        
     Item 15.  
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
    48 

Table of Contents  

Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that reflect our current views as to future events and financial performance with respect to, without limitation, conditions in our industry, our operations, our economic performance and financial condition, including, in particular, statements relating to our business and growth strategy. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as  outlook,   aim,   anticipate,   are confident,   estimate,   expect,   will be,   will continue,   will likely result,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe,   see,   look to  and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative versions of such words. 
  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. All statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results are forward-looking statements. In addition, we, through our senior management, from time to time make forward-looking public statements concerning our expected future operations and performance and other developments. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Some of the factors that we believe could affect our results include without limitation: unfavorable economic conditions; natural disasters, global calamities, sports strikes and other adverse incidents; the failure to retain current clients, renew existing client contracts and obtain new client contracts; a determination by clients to reduce their outsourcing or use of preferred vendors; competition in our industries; increased operating costs and obstacles to cost recovery due to the pricing and cancellation terms of our food and support services contracts; the inability to achieve cost savings through our cost reduction efforts; our expansion strategy; the failure to maintain food safety throughout our supply chain, food-borne illness concerns and claims of illness or injury; governmental regulations including those relating to food and beverages, the environment, wage and hour and government contracting; liability associated with noncompliance with applicable law or other governmental regulations; new interpretations of or changes in the enforcement of the government regulatory framework; currency risks and other risks associated with international operations, including Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption law compliance; continued or further unionization of our workforce; liability resulting from our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans; risks associated with suppliers from whom our products are sourced; disruptions to our relationship with, or to the business of, our primary distributor; the inability to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or increases in labor costs; healthcare reform legislation; the contract intensive nature of our business, which may lead to client disputes; seasonality; disruptions in the availability of our computer systems or privacy breaches; failure to maintain effective internal controls; our leverage; the inability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness; debt agreements that limit our flexibility in operating our business; and other factors set forth herein under the headings Item 1A  Risk Factors,  Item 3  Legal Proceedings  and Item 7  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and which may be obtained by contacting Aramark s investor relations department via its website www.aramark.com. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included herein or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, us. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, changes in our expectations, or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
  Item 1.     Business 
  Overview 
  Aramark (the  Company,   we  or  us ) is a leading global provider of food, facilities and uniform services to education, healthcare, business   industry, and sports, leisure   corrections clients. Our core market is North America (composed of the United States and Canada), which is supplemented by an additional   17  -country footprint. We hold the #2 position in North America in food and facilities services as well as uniform services based on total sales in fiscal   2016  . Internationally, we hold a top   3   position in food and facilities services based on total sales in fiscal   2016   in most countries in which we have significant operations, and are one of only   3   food and facilities competitors with our combination of scale, scope, and global reach. Through our established brand, broad geographic presence and approximately   266,500   employees, we anchor our business in our partnerships with thousands of education, healthcare, business and sports, leisure   corrections clients. Through these partnerships we serve millions of consumers including students, patients, employees, sports fans and guests worldwide.  
  We operate our business in three reportable segments that share many of the same operating characteristics: Food and Support Services North America ("FSS North America"), Food and Support Services International ("FSS International") and Uniform and Career Apparel ("Uniform"). Both FSS North America and Uniform have significant scale and hold the #  2   position in North America, while in our FSS International segment we hold a top   3   position in most countries in which we have significant operations based on fiscal   2016   total sales. The following chart shows a breakdown of our sales and operating income by our reportable segments: 

Reportable Segments: 
    FSS North America 
      
    FSS International 
      
    Uniform 

FY 2016 Sales   (a)   : 
      
    $ 
    10,122.3 

$ 
    2,729.8 

$ 
    1,563.7 
      
      FY 2016 Operating Income   (a)   : 
      
    $ 
    546.4 

$ 
    129.1 

$ 
    195.3 
      
      Services: 
    Food, hospitality and facilities 
      
    Food, hospitality and facilities 
      
    Rental, sale and maintenance of uniform apparel and other items 
      Sectors: 
    Business   industry, sports, leisure   corrections, education and healthcare 
      
    Business   industry, sports, leisure   corrections, healthcare and education 
      
    Business, public institutions, manufacturing, transportation and service industries 

(a) Dollars in millions. Operating income excludes $  124.5 million   related to corporate expenses. For certain other financial information relating to our segments, see Note 15 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
  In   fiscal     2016  , we generated   $14.4 billion   of sales,   $288.2 million   of net income and   $746.3 million   of operating income. 
  Our History 
  Since our founding in 1959, we have broadened our service offerings and expanded our client base through a combination of organic growth and successful acquisitions, with the goal of further developing our food, facilities and uniform capabilities, as well as growing our international presence. In 1984, we completed a management buyout, after which our management and employees increased their Company ownership to approximately 90% of our equity capital leading up to our December 2001 public offering. On January 26, 2007, we delisted from the NYSE in conjunction with a going-private transaction executed with investment funds affiliated with Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, CCMP Capital Advisors, J.P. Morgan Partners, Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. and Warburg Pincus LLC as well as approximately 250 senior management personnel. 
  On December 17, 2013, we completed an initial public offering of 41,687,500 shares of our common stock, including 13,687,500 shares of common stock sold by our selling stockholders. We did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares sold by the selling stockholders and we used our proceeds from the initial public offering, net of costs, to pay down debt. Our common stock began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol  ARMK  on December 12, 2013. 
  
   1 

     Table of Contents  

Food and Support Services 
  Our Food and Support Services segments manage a number of interrelated services-including food, hospitality and facility services-for school districts, colleges   universities, healthcare facilities, businesses, sports, entertainment   recreational venues, conference   convention centers, national   state parks and correctional institutions.  
  We are the exclusive provider of food and beverage services at most of the locations we serve and are responsible for hiring, training and supervising the majority of the food service personnel in addition to ordering, receiving, preparing and serving food and beverage items sold at those facilities. Our facilities services capabilities are broad, and include plant operations and maintenance, custodial/housekeeping, energy management, clinical equipment maintenance, grounds keeping, and capital project management. In governmental, business, educational and healthcare facilities (for example, offices and industrial plants, schools and universities and hospitals), our clients provide us with a captive client base through their on-site employees, students and patients. At sports, entertainment and recreational facilities, our clients attract patrons to their site, usually for specific events such as sporting events and conventions. 
  We manage our FSS business in two geographic reportable segments split between our North America and International operations. In fiscal   2016  , our FSS North America segment generated   $10,122.3 million   in sales, or   70%   of our total sales, and our FSS International segment generated   $2,729.8 million   in sales, or   19%   of our total sales. No individual client represents more than   1%   of our total sales, other than, collectively, a number of U.S. government agencies. See Note 15 to the audited consolidated financial statements for information on sales, operating income and total assets for the FSS North America segment and the FSS International segment. 
  Clients and Services 
  Our Food and Support Services segments serve a number of client sectors across   19   countries around the world. Our Food and Support Services operations focus on serving clients in four principal sectors: 
                           Sector 
      
    Types of Clients 
      
    Food Services 
      
    Facilities Services 
      Education 
      
     Colleges and universities 
   Public school districts and systems 
   Private schools 
      
     Dining services 
   Catering 
   Food service management 
   Retail operations 
      
     Facilities management 
   Custodial services 
   Grounds 
   Energy management 
   Construction management 
   Capital project management 
      Healthcare 
      
     Hospitals 
   Nursing homes 
      
     Food and nutrition services 
   Retail operations 
      
     Clinical equipment maintenance 
   Environmental services 
   Laundry and linen distribution 
   Plant operations 
   Energy management 
   Strategic and technical services 
   Supply chain management 
   Purchasing 
   Central transportation 
      Business   Industry 
      
     Office parks and buildings 
   Manufacturing plants 
   Corporate cafeterias 
   Mining operations 
   Oil   gas drilling operations 
      
     Dining services 
   On-site restaurants 
   Catering 
   Convenience stores 
   Executive dining rooms 
   Coffee and vending 
   Drinking water filtration 
      
     Housekeeping management 
   Plant operations/maintenance 
   Energy management 
   Groundskeeping 
   Landscaping 
   Transportation 
   Capital program management 
   Commissioning services 
   Building operations consulting 
      Sports, Leisure   Corrections 
      
    Professional and collegiate stadiums and arenas 
   Concert venues 
   National and state parks 
   Convention and civic centers 
   Correctional facilities 
      
     Concessions 
   Banquet and catering 
   Retail and merchandise sales 
   Food and nutrition services 
   Premium and restaurant 
      
     Recreational and lodging services 
   Commissary services 
   Laundry and linen management 
   Property room management 
   Housekeeping management 
   Facility management 

Education.   Within the Education sector we serve Higher Education and K-12 clients. We deliver a wide range of food and facility services at more than   1,500   colleges, universities, school systems   districts and private schools. We offer our education clients a single source provider for managed service solutions, including dining, catering, food service management, convenience-oriented retail operations, grounds   facilities maintenance, custodial, energy management, construction management, and capital project management. 
  Healthcare.   We provide a wide range of non-clinical support services to approximately   1,200   healthcare clients and more than   2,000   facilities across our global footprint. We offer healthcare organizations a single source provider for managed service solutions, which include food services such as patient food and nutrition services and retail food services, and facilities services such as clinical equipment maintenance, environmental services, laundry   linen distribution, plant operations, energy management, strategic/technical services, supply chain management, purchasing and central transportation. 
  Business   Industry  . We provide a comprehensive range of business dining services, including on-site restaurants, catering, convenience stores and executive dining. 
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

We also provide beverage and vending services to business   industry clients at thousands of locations. Our service and product offerings include a full range of coffee offerings,  grab and go  food operations, convenience stores, micromarkets and a proprietary drinking water filtration system. 
  We also offer a variety of facility management services to business   industry clients. These services include the management of housekeeping, plant operations and maintenance, energy management, laundry and linen, groundskeeping, landscaping, transportation, capital program management and commissioning services and other facility consulting services relating to building operations. 
  We also offer remote services which include facility and business support services primarily for mining and oil operations. 
  Sports, Leisure   Corrections  . We administer concessions, banquet and catering services, retail services and merchandise sales, recreational and lodging services and facility management services at sports, entertainment and recreational facilities. We serve   146   professional (including minor league affiliates) and college sports teams, including   39   teams in Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Football League and the National Hockey League. We also serve   22   convention and civic centers,   19   national and state parks and other resort operations, plus other popular tourist attractions in the United States and Canada. Additionally, we provide correctional food services, operate commissaries, laundry facilities and property rooms and provide food and facilities management services for parks. 
  Our FSS International segment provides a similar range of services as those provided to our FSS North America segment clients and operates in all of our sectors. We have operations in   17   countries outside the United States and Canada. Our largest international operations are in Chile, China, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom, and in each of these countries we are one of the leading food and/or facilities service providers. We also have a strong presence in Japan through our 50% ownership of AIM Services Co., Ltd., which is a leader in providing outsourced food services in Japan. In addition to the core Business   Industry sector, our FSS International segment serves many soccer stadiums across Europe, and numerous educational institutions, correctional institutions and convention centers globally. There are particular risks attendant with our international operations. Please see Item 1A.  Risk Factors.  
  Purchasing 
  We negotiate the pricing and other terms for the majority of our purchases of food and related products in the United States and Canada directly with national manufacturers. We purchase these products and other items through Sysco Corporation and other distributors. We have a master distribution agreement with Sysco that covers a significant amount of our purchases of these products and items in the United States and another distribution agreement with Sysco that covers our purchases of these products in Canada. Our distributors are responsible for tracking our orders and delivering products to our specific locations. Due to our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers, we earn vendor consideration, including discounts, rebates and other applicable credits. See  Types of Contracts  below. Our location managers also purchase a number of items, including bread, dairy products and alcoholic beverages from local suppliers, and we purchase certain items directly from manufacturers. 
  Our relationship with Sysco is important to our operations we have had distribution agreements in place for more than 20 years. In fiscal   2016  , Sysco distributed approximately   52%   of our food and non-food products in the United States and Canada, and we believe that we are one of their largest clients. However, we believe that the products acquired through Sysco can, in significant cases, be purchased through other sources and that termination of our relationship with them or any disruption of their business would cause only short-term disruptions to our operations. 
  Our agreements with our distributors are generally for an indefinite term, subject to termination by either party after a notice period, which is generally 60 to 120 days. The pricing and other financial terms of these agreements are renegotiated periodically. Our current agreement with Sysco is terminable by either party with 180 days notice. 
  In our international segment, our approach to purchasing is substantially similar. On a country-by-country basis, we negotiate pricing and other terms for a majority of our purchases of food and related products with manufacturers operating in the applicable country, and we purchase these products and other items through distributors in that country. Due to our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers, we receive vendor consideration, including rebates, allowances and volume discounts. See  Types of Contracts  below. As in North America, our location managers also purchase a number of items, including bread, dairy products and alcoholic beverages from local suppliers, and we purchase certain items directly from manufacturers. Our agreements with our distributors are subject to termination by either party after a notice period, which is generally 60 days. The pricing and other financial terms of these agreements are renegotiated periodically. 
  Our relationship with distributors in the countries outside the United States and Canada is important to our operations, but from an overall volume standpoint, no distributor outside the United States and Canada distributes a significant volume of products. We believe that products we acquire from our distributors in countries outside the United States and Canada can, in significant  
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

cases, be purchased from other sources, and that the termination of our relationships with our distributors outside the United States and Canada, or the disruption of their business operations, would cause only short-term disruption to our operations. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  We maintain selling and marketing excellence by focusing on the execution of a common selling process as well as optimal resource allocation and deployment. Our common selling process ensures that we sell our services to our clients in the same way, regardless of the sector in which such client is located. We have developed consistent tools and training that are used across all of our businesses to train our employees on this selling process. Our business development functions are aligned directly with the sectors and services in which we have leadership positions, and we combine our targeted business development strategies with our strong client relationships to deliver differentiated and innovative solutions. We target our business development by aligning our sales efforts directly with the sectors and services in which we operate. We identify individuals at various levels in our organization to match up with individuals in a variety of roles at both existing and potential clients. We believe that these connections throughout various levels within the client organization allow us to develop strong relationships with the client and gain a better understanding of the clients' requirements. Based on the knowledge of the clients' requirements and the sector, our goal is to develop solutions for the client that are unique and that help to differentiate us from our competitors. 
  Types of Contracts 
  We use contracts that allow us to manage our potential upside and downside risk in connection with our various business interactions. Our contracts may require that consent be obtained in order to raise prices on the food, beverages and merchandise we sell within a particular facility. The contracts that we enter into vary in length. Contracts generally are for fixed terms, many of which are in excess of one year. Contracts for education and sports and leisure services typically require larger capital investments, but have correspondingly longer and fixed terms, usually from five to fifteen years. 
  When we enter into new contracts, or extend or renew existing contracts, particularly those for stadiums, arenas, convention centers, colleges and universities and business dining accounts, we are sometimes contractually required to make some form of up-front or future capital investment to help finance improvement or renovation, typically to the food and beverage facilities of the venue from which we operate. Contractually required capital expenditures typically take the form of investment in leasehold improvements, food service equipment and/or grants to clients. At the end of the contract term or upon its earlier termination, assets such as equipment and leasehold improvements typically become the property of the client, but generally the client must reimburse us for any undepreciated or unamortized capital investments. 
  Food and Support Services contracts are generally obtained and renewed either through a competitive process or on a negotiated basis, although contracts in the public sector are frequently awarded on a competitive bid basis, as required by applicable law. Contracts for Food and Support Services with school districts and correctional clients are typically awarded through a formal bid process. Contracts in the private sector may be entered into without a formal bid process, but we and other companies will often compete in the process leading up to the award or the completion of contract negotiations. Typically, after the award, final contract terms are negotiated and agreed upon. 
  We use two general contract types in our Food and Support Services segments: profit and loss contracts and client interest contracts. These contracts differ in their provision for the amount of financial risk that we bear and, accordingly, the potential compensation, profits or fees we may receive. Commission rates and management fees, if any, may vary significantly among contracts based upon various factors, including the type of facility involved, the term of the contract, the services we provide and the amount of capital we invest. 
  Profit and Loss Contracts.   Under profit and loss contracts, we receive all of the revenue from, and bear all of the expenses of, the provision of our services at a client location. Expenses under profit and loss contracts sometimes include commissions paid to the client, typically calculated as a fixed or variable percentage of various categories of sales, and, in some cases, require minimum guaranteed commissions. We benefit from greater upside potential with a profit and loss contract, although we do consequently bear greater downside risk than with a client interest contract. For   fiscal     2016  , approximately   70%   of our Food and Support Services sales were derived from profit and loss contracts. 
  Client Interest Contracts.   Client interest contracts include management fee contracts, under which our clients reimburse our operating costs and pay us a management fee, which may be calculated as a fixed dollar amount or a percentage of sales or operating costs. Some management fee contracts entitle us to receive incentive fees based upon our performance under the contract, as measured by factors such as sales, operating costs and client satisfaction surveys. Client interest contracts also include limited profit and loss contracts, under which we receive a percentage of any profits earned from the provision of our services at the facility and we generally receive no payments if there are losses. As discussed above under  Purchasing,  we earn vendor consideration, including discounts, rebates and other applicable credits that we typically retain except in those cases where the contract and/or applicable law requires us to credit these to our clients. For our client interest contracts, both  
  
   4 

     Table of Contents  

our upside potential and downside risk are reduced compared to our profit and loss contracts. For   fiscal     2016  , approximately   30%   of our Food and Support Services sales were derived from client interest contracts. 
  Competition 
  There is significant competition in the Food and Support Services business from local, regional, national and international companies, as well as from the businesses, healthcare institutions, colleges and universities, correctional facilities, school districts and public assembly facilities that decide to provide these services themselves. Institutions may decide to operate their own services or outsource to one of our competitors following the expiration or termination of contracts with us. Clients do not necessarily choose the lowest cost provider, and tend to place a premium on the total value proposition offered. In our FSS North America segment, our external competitors include other multi-regional food and support service providers, such as Centerplate, Inc., Compass Group plc, Delaware North Companies Inc. and Sodexo SA. Internationally, our external food service and support service competitors include Compass Group plc, Elior SA, International Service System A/S and Sodexo SA. We also face competition from many regional and local service providers. 
  We believe that the following competitive factors are the principal drivers of our success: 
             
    quality and breadth of services and management talent; 
                
    innovation; 
                
    reputation within the industry; 
                
    pricing; and 
                
    financial strength and stability. 
     Seasonality 
  Our sales and operating results have varied, and we expect them to continue to vary, from quarter to quarter as a result of different factors. Within our FSS North America segment, historically there has been a lower level of activity during our first and second fiscal quarters in operations that provide services to sports and leisure clients. This lower level of activity historically has been partially offset during our first and second fiscal quarters by the increased activity in our educational operations. Conversely, historically there has been a significant increase in the provision of services to sports and leisure clients during our third and fourth fiscal quarters, which is partially offset by the effect of summer recess at colleges, universities and schools. 
  Uniform 
  Our Uniform segment provides uniforms and other garments and work clothes and ancillary items such as mats and shop towels in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada and through a joint venture in Japan. We hold the #  2   position in the North America uniform services market. We operate over   2,600   routes, giving us a broad reach to service our clients' needs. 
  Clients use our uniforms to meet a variety of needs, including: 
             
    establishing corporate identity and brand awareness; 
                
    projecting a professional image: 
                
    protecting workers work clothes can help protect workers from difficult environments such as heavy soils, heat, flame or chemicals; and 
                
    protecting products uniforms can help protect products against contamination in the food, pharmaceutical, electronics, health care and automotive industries. 
     We provide a full service employee uniform solution, including design, sourcing and manufacturing, delivery, cleaning and maintenance. We rent uniforms, work clothing, outerwear, particulate-free garments and non-garment items and related services, including industrial towels, floor mats, mops, linen products, and paper products to businesses in a wide range of industries, including manufacturing, food services, automotive, healthcare, construction, utilities, repair and maintenance services, restaurant and hospitality. In   fiscal     2016  , our Uniform segment generated   $1,563.7 million   in sales, or   11%   of our total sales. See Note 15 to the audited consolidated financial statements for information on sales, operating income and total assets for the Uniform segment. 
  Clients and Services 
  We serve businesses of all sizes in many different industries. We have a diverse client base from over   200   service location and distribution centers across the United States and a service center in Ontario, Canada. None of our clients individually represents  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

a material portion of our sales. We typically visit our clients' sites weekly, delivering clean, finished uniforms and, at the same time, removing the soiled uniforms or other items for cleaning, repair or replacement. We also offer products for direct sale. 
  Our cleanroom service offers advanced static dissipative garments, barrier apparel, sterile garments and cleanroom application accessories for clients with contamination-free operations in the technology, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. 
  We conduct our direct marketing business through three primary brands - WearGuard, Crest and Aramark. We design, source or manufacture and distribute distinctive image apparel to workers in a wide variety of industries through the internet at www.shoparamark.com, dedicated sales representatives and telemarketing sales channels. We customize and embroider personalized uniforms and logos for clients through an extensive computer assisted design center and distribute work clothing, outerwear, business casual apparel and footwear throughout the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada. 
  Operations 
  We operate our uniform rental business as a network of   85   laundry plants and   172   satellite plants and depots supporting over   2,600   pick-up and delivery routes. We operate a fleet of service vehicles that pick up and deliver uniforms for cleaning and maintenance. We conduct our direct marketing activities principally from our facilities in Salem, Virginia; Norwell and Rockland, Massachusetts; and Reno, Nevada. We market our own brands of apparel and offer a variety of customized personalization options such as embroidery and logos. We also source uniforms and other products to our specifications from a number of domestic and international suppliers and also manufacture a significant portion of our uniform requirements. We purchase uniform and textile products as well as equipment and supplies from domestic and international suppliers. The loss of any one supplier would not have a significant impact on us. We also operate   two   cutting and sewing plants in Mexico, which satisfy a substantial amount of our standard uniform inventory needs. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Our sales representatives and route sales drivers are responsible for selling our services to current and potential clients and developing new accounts through the use of an extensive, proprietary database of pre-screened and qualified business prospects. We build our brand identity through local advertising, promotional initiatives and through our distinctive service vehicles. Our clients frequently come to us through client referrals, either from our uniform rental business or from our other service sectors. Our customer service representatives generally interact on a weekly basis with their clients, while our support personnel are charged with expeditiously handling client requirements regarding the outfitting of new client employees and other customer service needs. 
  Types of Contracts 
  We typically serve our rental clients under written service contracts for an initial term of three to five years. While clients are not required to make an up-front investment for their uniforms, in the case of nonstandard uniforms and certain specialty programs, clients typically agree to reimburse us for our costs if they terminate their agreement early. With the exception of certain governmental bid business, most of our direct marketing business is conducted under invoice arrangement with repeat clients. 
  Competition 
  Although the United States rental industry has experienced some consolidation, there is significant competition in all the areas that we serve, and such competition varies across geographies. Although many competitors are smaller local and regional firms, we also face competition from other large national firms such as Cintas Corporation, G K Services, Inc. and UniFirst Corporation. We believe that the primary competitive factors that affect our operations are quality, service, design, consistency of product, and distribution capability, particularly for large multi-location clients, and price. We believe that our ability to compete effectively is enhanced by the quality and breadth of our product line as well as our nationwide reach. 
  Employees of Aramark 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a total of approximately   266,500   employees, including seasonal employees, consisting of approximately   168,000   full-time and approximately   98,500   part-time employees in our three business segments. The number of part-time employees varies significantly from time to time during the year due to seasonal and other operating requirements. We generally experience our highest level of employment during the fourth fiscal quarter. The approximate number of employees by segment is as follows: FSS North America:   164,000  ; FSS International:   88,500  ; Uniform:   13,500  . In addition, the Aramark corporate staff is approximately   500   employees. Approximately   40,000   employees in the United States are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any material interruptions of operations due to disputes with our employees and consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Governmental Regulation 
  Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, in areas such as environmental, labor, employment, immigration, health and safety laws and liquor licensing and dram shop matters. In addition, our facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal, state, local and international authorities. We have established, and periodically update, various internal controls and procedures designed to maintain compliance with these laws and regulations. Our compliance programs are subject to legislative changes, or changes in regulatory interpretation, implementation or enforcement. From time to time both federal and state government agencies have conducted audits of certain of our practices as part of routine investigations of providers of services under government contracts, or otherwise. Like others in our business, we receive requests for information from governmental agencies in connection with these audits. If we fail to comply with applicable laws, we may be subject to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, penalties, damages, reimbursement, injunctions, seizures, disgorgements, debarments from government contracts or loss of liquor licenses. 
  Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those governing: 
             
    alcohol licensing and service; 
                
    collection of sales and other taxes; 
                
    minimum wage, overtime, classification, wage payment and employment discrimination; 
                
    immigration; 
                
    governmentally funded entitlement programs and cost and accounting principles; 
                
    false claims, whistleblowers and consumer protection; 
                
    environmental protection; 
                
    food safety, sanitation, labeling and human health and safety; 
                
    customs and import and export controls; 
                
    the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws; 
                
    antitrust, competition, procurement and lobbying; 
                
    minority, women and disadvantaged business enterprise statutes; 
                
    motor carrier safety; and 
                
    privacy and data security. 
     The laws and regulations relating to each of our food and support services segments are numerous and complex. There are a variety of laws and regulations at various governmental levels relating to the handling, preparation and serving of food, including in some cases requirements relating to the temperature of food, the cleanliness of food production facilities, and the hygiene of food-handling personnel, which are enforced primarily at the local public health department level. While we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we are in full compliance at all times with all of the applicable laws and regulations or that we will be able to comply with any future laws and regulations. Furthermore, legislation and regulatory attention to food safety is very high. Additional or amended regulations in this area may significantly increase the cost of compliance or expose us to liability. 
  In addition, various government agencies impose nutritional guidelines and other requirements on us at certain of the healthcare, education and corrections facilities we serve. We may also be subject to laws and regulations that limit or restrict the use of trans fats in the food we serve or other requirements relating to ingredient or nutrient labeling. There can be no assurance that legislation, or changes in regulatory implementation or interpretation of government regulations, would not limit our activities in the future or significantly increase the cost of regulatory compliance. 
  Because we serve alcoholic beverages at many sports, entertainment and recreational facilities, including convention centers and national and state parks, we also hold liquor licenses incidental to our food service operations and are subject to the liquor license requirements of the jurisdictions in which we hold a liquor license. As of   September 30, 2016  , our subsidiaries held liquor licenses in   45   states and the District of Columbia,   four   Canadian provinces and certain other countries. Typically, liquor licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate to numerous aspects of our operations, including minimum age of patrons and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control and handling, and storage, dispensing and service of alcoholic beverages. We have not encountered any material problems relating to liquor licenses to date. The failure to receive or retain a liquor license in a particular location could adversely affect our ability to obtain such a license elsewhere. Some of our contracts require us to pay liquidated damages during any period in which the liquor license for the facility is suspended as a result of our  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

actions, and most contracts are subject to termination if the liquor license for the facility is lost as a result of our actions. Our service of alcoholic beverages is also subject to alcoholic beverage service laws, commonly called dram shop statutes. Dram shop statutes generally prohibit serving alcoholic beverages to certain persons such as minors or visibly intoxicated persons. If we violate dram shop laws, we may be liable to the patron and/or to third parties for the acts of the visibly intoxicated patron. We sponsor regular training programs designed to minimize the likelihood of such a situation and to take advantage of certain safe harbors and affirmative defenses enacted for the benefit of alcoholic beverage service providers. However, we cannot guarantee that intoxicated or minor patrons will not be served or that liability for their acts will not be imposed on us. 
  Our uniform rental business and our food and support service business are subject to various environmental protection laws and regulations, including the U.S. Federal Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act and similar local, state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the use, management, shipping and disposal of chemicals and hazardous materials. In particular, industrial laundries use certain detergents and cleaning chemicals to launder garments and other merchandise. The residues from such detergents and chemicals and residues from soiled garments and other merchandise laundered at our facilities may result in potential discharges to air and to water (through sanitary sewer systems and publicly owned treatment works) and may be contained in waste generated by our wastewater treatment systems. Our industrial laundries are subject to certain volume and chemical air and water pollution discharge limits, monitoring, permitting and recordkeeping requirements. We own or operate aboveground and underground storage tank systems at some locations to store petroleum products for use in our or our clients' operations. Certain of these storage tank systems also are subject to performance standards, periodic monitoring and recordkeeping requirements. We also may use and manage chemicals and hazardous materials in our operations from time to time. We are mindful of the environmental concerns surrounding the use, management, shipping and disposal of these chemicals and hazardous materials, and have taken and continue to take measures to comply with environmental protection laws and regulations. Given the regulated nature of some of our operations, we could face penalties and fines for non-compliance. In the past, we have settled, or contributed to the settlement of, actions or claims relating to the management of underground storage tanks and the handling and disposal of chemicals or hazardous materials, either on or off-site. We may, in the future, be required to expend material amounts to rectify the consequences of any such events. Under environmental laws, we may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous materials located on or in or migrating from our owned or leased property or our clients' properties, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Such laws may impose liability without regard to our fault, knowledge or responsibility for the presence of such hazardous substances. We may not know whether our clients' properties or our acquired or leased properties have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that our future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits. 
  We do not anticipate any capital expenditures for environmental remediation that would have a material effect on our financial condition. 
  Intellectual Property 
  We have the patents, trademarks, trade names and licenses that are necessary for the operation of our business. Other than the Aramark brand, which includes our corporate starperson logo design (both old and new) and the Aramark word mark (our name), we do not consider our patents, trademarks, trade names and licenses to be material to the operation of our business in any material respect. 
  Available Information 
  We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). These filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. 
  Our principal Internet address is www.aramark.com. We make available free of charge on www.aramark.com our annual, quarterly and current reports, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
  Our Business Conduct Policy includes a code of ethics for our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our principal accounting officer and applies to all of our employees and non-employee directors. Our Business Conduct Policy is available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.aramark.com and is available in print to any person who requests it by writing or telephoning us at the address or telephone number set forth below. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

You may request a copy of our SEC filings (excluding exhibits) and our Business Conduct Policy at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: 
  Aramark 
  1101 Market Street 
  Philadelphia, PA 19107 
  Attention: Corporate Secretary 
  Telephone: (215) 238-3000 
  The references to our web site and the SEC's web site are intended to be inactive textual references only and the contents of those websites are not incorporated by reference herein. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
  Risks related to our business 
  Unfavorable economic conditions have, and in the future could, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
  In the past, national and international economic downturns have reduced demand for our services and any such downturns in the future could reduce demand for our services in each of our reportable segments, resulting in the loss of business or increased pressure to contract for business on less favorable terms than our generally preferred terms. Economic hardship among our client base can also impact our business. For example, during the most recent period of economic distress, certain of our businesses were negatively affected by reduced employment levels at our clients  locations and declining levels of business and consumer spending. In addition, insolvency experienced by clients, especially larger clients, has in the past made it difficult, and in the future could, make it difficult, for us to collect amounts we are owed and could result in the voiding of existing contracts. Similarly, financial distress or insolvency, if experienced by our key vendors and service providers such as insurance carriers, could significantly increase our costs. 
  The portion of our food and support services business that provides services in public facilities such as convention centers and tourist and recreational attractions is particularly sensitive to an economic downturn, as expenditures to take vacations or hold or attend conventions are funded to a partial or total extent by discretionary income. A decrease in such discretionary income on the part of potential attendees at our clients' facilities has in the past resulted, and in the future could result, in a reduction in our sales. Further, because our exposure to the ultimate consumer of what we provide is limited by our dependence on our clients to attract those consumers to their facilities and events, our ability to respond to such a reduction in attendance, and therefore our sales, is limited. There are many factors that could reduce the numbers of events in a facility or attendance at an event, including labor disruptions involving sports leagues, poor performance by the teams playing in a facility, number of playoff games, inclement weather and adverse economic conditions which would adversely affect sales and profits. 
  Natural disasters, global calamities, sports strikes and other adverse incidents could adversely affect our sales and operating results.    
  Natural disasters, including hurricanes and earthquakes, or global calamities, such as an Ebola outbreak or a flu pandemic, have, and in the future could, affect our sales and operating results. In the past, we experienced lost and closed client locations, business disruptions and delays, the loss of inventory and other assets, and the effect of the temporary conversion of a number of our client locations to provide food and shelter to those left homeless by storms. In addition, any terrorist attacks, particularly against venues that we serve, and the national and global military, diplomatic and financial response to such attacks or other threats, also may adversely affect our sales and operating results. Sports strikes, particularly those that are for an extended time period, can reduce our sales and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. For example, in 2012, the collective bargaining agreement for the players in the National Hockey League expired. As a result, the 2012/2013 season was significantly shortened and our sales and profits were negatively impacted. Any decrease in the number of games played would mean a loss of sales and reduced profits at the venues we service.  
  Our failure to retain our current clients, renew our existing client contracts on comparable terms and obtain new client contracts could adversely affect our business. 
  Our success depends on our ability to retain our current clients, renew our existing client contracts and obtain new business. Our ability to do so generally depends on a variety of factors, including the quality, price and responsiveness of our services, as well as our ability to market these services effectively and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new business, renew existing client contracts at the same or higher levels of pricing or that our current clients will not turn to competitors, cease operations, elect to self-operate or terminate contracts with us. In addition, consolidation by our clients in the industries we serve could result in our losing business if the combined entity chooses a different provider. The failure to renew a significant number of our existing contracts would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and the failure to obtain new business could have an adverse impact on our growth and financial results.  
  We may be adversely affected if clients reduce their outsourcing or use of preferred vendors. 
  Our business and growth strategies depend in large part on the continuation of a current trend toward outsourcing services. Clients will outsource if they perceive that outsourcing may provide quality services at a lower overall cost and permit them to focus on their core business activities. We cannot be certain that this trend will continue or not be reversed or that clients that have outsourced functions will not decide to perform these functions themselves.  
  In addition, labor unions representing employees of some of our current and prospective clients have occasionally opposed the outsourcing trend to the extent that they believed that current union jobs for their memberships might be lost. In these cases,  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

unions typically seek to prevent public sector entities from outsourcing and if that fails, ensure that jobs that are outsourced continue to be unionized, which can reduce our pricing and operational flexibility with respect to such businesses.  
  We have also identified a trend among some of our clients toward the retention of a limited number of preferred vendors to provide all or a large part of their required services. We cannot be certain that this trend will continue or not be reversed or, if it does continue, that we will be selected and retained as a preferred vendor to provide these services. Unfavorable developments with respect to either outsourcing or the use of preferred vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  
  Competition in our industries could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  There is significant competition in the food and support services business from local, regional, national and international companies, of varying sizes, many of which have substantial financial resources. Our ability to successfully compete depends on our ability to provide quality services at a reasonable price and to provide value to our clients and consumers. Certain of our competitors have been and may in the future be willing to underbid us or accept a lower profit margin or expend more capital in order to obtain or retain business. Also, certain regional and local service providers may be better established than we are within a specific geographic region. In addition, existing or potential clients may elect to self-operate their food and support services, eliminating the opportunity for us to serve them or compete for the account. While we have a significant international presence, certain of our competitors have more extensive portfolios of services and a broader geographic footprint than we do. Therefore, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage for clients who require multiservice or multinational bids.  
  We have a number of major national competitors in the uniform rental industry with significant financial resources. In addition, there are regional and local uniform suppliers whom we believe have strong client loyalty. While most clients focus primarily on quality of service, uniform rental also is a price-sensitive service and if existing or future competitors seek to gain clients or accounts by reducing prices, we may be required to lower prices, which would reduce our sales and profits. The uniform rental business requires investment capital for growth. Failure to maintain capital investment in this business would put us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, due to competition in our uniform rental business, it has become increasingly important for us to source garments and other products overseas, particularly from Asia. To the extent we are not able to effectively source such products from Asia and gain the related cost savings, we may be at a further disadvantage in relation to some of our competitors.  
  Increased operating costs and obstacles to cost recovery due to the pricing and cancellation terms of our food and support services contracts may constrain our ability to make a profit.  
  Our profitability can be adversely affected to the extent we are faced with cost increases for food, wages, other labor related expenses (including workers' compensation, state unemployment insurance and federal or state mandated health benefits and other healthcare costs), insurance, fuel, utilities, piece goods, clothing and equipment, especially to the extent we are unable to recover such increased costs through increases in the prices for our products and services, due to one or more of general economic conditions, competitive conditions or contractual provisions in our client contracts. For example, when federal, state, foreign or local minimum wage rates increase, we may have to increase the wages of both minimum wage employees and employees whose wages are above the minimum wage. We may also face increased operating costs if federal, state or local laws and regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime changes. Oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated significantly in the last several years. Substantial increases in the cost of fuel and utilities have historically resulted in substantial cost increases in our uniform rental business, and to a lesser extent in our food and support services segments. From time to time we have experienced increases in our food costs. While we believe a portion of these increases were attributable to fuel prices, we believe the increases also resulted from rising global food demand and the increased production of biofuels such as ethanol. In addition, food prices can fluctuate as a result of temporary changes in supply, including as a result of incidences of severe weather such as droughts, heavy rains and late freezes. We have two main types of contract in our food and facilities business: profit and loss contracts in which we bear all of the expenses of the contract but gain the benefit of the sales, and client interest contracts in which our clients share some or all of the expenses and gain some or all of the sales. Approximately   70%   of our food and support services sales in fiscal   2016   are from profit and loss contracts under which we have limited ability to pass on cost increases to our clients. Therefore, in many cases, we will have to absorb any cost increases, which may adversely impact our operating results.  
  The amount of risk that we bear and our profit potential vary depending on the type of contract under which we provide food and support services. We may be unable to fully recover costs on contracts that limit our ability to increase prices. In addition, we provide many of our services under contracts of indefinite term, which are subject to termination on short notice by either party without cause. Some of our profit and loss and client interest contracts contain minimum guaranteed remittances to our client regardless of our sales or profit at the facility. If sales do not exceed costs under a contract that contains minimum guaranteed commissions, we will bear any losses which are incurred, as well as the guaranteed commission. Generally, our contracts also limit our ability to raise prices on the food, beverages and merchandise we sell within a particular facility without  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

the client's consent. In addition, some of our contracts exclude certain events or products from the scope of the contract, or give the client the right to modify the terms under which we may operate at certain events. The payment of guaranteed commissions or other guaranteed amounts to a client under a profit and loss contract that is not profitable, the refusal by individual clients to permit the sale of some products at their venues, the imposition by clients of limits on prices which are not economically feasible for us, or decisions by clients to curtail their use of the services we provide could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. For example, during the most recent economic downturn, certain of our business   industry clients curtailed their employees' use of catering, which had a negative effect on our sales and profits.  
  Our inability to achieve cost savings through our cost reduction efforts could impact our results of operations.  
  The achievement of the goals we set in our plans and our future financial performance is dependent, in part, on our efforts to reduce our cost structure through various cost reduction initiatives. Successful execution of our cost reduction initiatives is not assured and there are several obstacles to success, including our ability to enable the information technology and business process required for these efforts, as well as the timing of the transition to our business services center. In addition, there can be no assurance that our efforts, if properly executed, will result in our desired outcome of improved financial performance.  
  Our expansion strategy involves risks.  
  We may seek to acquire companies or interests in companies or enter into joint ventures that complement our business, and our inability to complete acquisitions, integrate acquired companies successfully or enter into joint ventures may render us less competitive. At any given time, we may be evaluating one or more acquisitions or engaging in acquisition negotiations. We cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to identify acquisition candidates or joint venture partners on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we make acquisitions, we also cannot be sure that any benefits anticipated from the acquisitions will actually be realized. Likewise, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary financing for acquisitions. Such financing could be restricted by the terms of our debt agreements or it could be more expensive than our current debt. The amount of such debt financing for acquisitions could be significant and the terms of such debt instruments could be more restrictive than our current covenants. In addition, our ability to control the planning and operations of our joint ventures and other less than majority-owned affiliates may be subject to numerous restrictions imposed by the joint venture agreements and majority stockholders. Our joint venture partners may also have interests which differ from ours.  
  The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in operating, contract and supply chain difficulties, such as the failure to retain clients or management personnel and problems coordinating technology and supply chain arrangements. Also, in connection with any acquisition, we could fail to discover liabilities of the acquired company for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator in spite of any investigation we make prior to the acquisition. In addition, labor laws in certain countries may require us to retain more employees than would otherwise be optimal from entities we acquire. Such difficulties may divert significant financial, operational and managerial resources from our existing operations, and make it more difficult to achieve our operating and strategic objectives. The diversion of management attention, particularly in a difficult operating environment, may affect our sales. Similarly, our business depends on effective information technology systems and implementation delays or poor execution of the integration of different information technology systems could disrupt our operations and increase costs. Possible future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense or contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and/or cash flow. In addition, goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from business combinations represents a significant portion of our assets. If the goodwill or other intangible assets were deemed to be impaired, we would need to take a charge to earnings to write down these assets to its fair value.  
  A failure to maintain food safety throughout our supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may result in reputational harm and claims of illness or injury that could adversely affect us.  
  Food safety is a top priority for us and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our consumers enjoy safe, quality food products. Claims of illness or injury relating to food quality or food handling are common in the food service industry, and a number of these claims may exist at any given time. Because food safety issues could be experienced at the source or by food suppliers or distributors, food safety could, in part, be out of our control. Regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illness or other food safety issues such as food tampering or contamination at one of our locations could adversely impact our reputation, hindering our ability to renew contracts on favorable terms or to obtain new business, and have a negative impact on our sales. Even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or contamination at a location served by one of our competitors could result in negative publicity regarding the food service industry generally and could negatively impact our sales. Future food safety issues may also from time to time disrupt our business. In addition, product recalls or health concerns associated with food contamination may also increase our raw materials costs.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Laws and governmental regulations relating to food and beverages may subject us to significant liability.  
  The laws and regulations relating to each of our food and support services segments are numerous and complex. A variety of laws and regulations at various governmental levels relating to the handling, preparation and serving of food (including, in some cases, requirements relating to the temperature of food), and the cleanliness of food production facilities and the hygiene of food-handling personnel are enforced primarily at the local public health department level. There can be no assurance that we are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws and regulations. Furthermore, legislation and regulatory attention to food safety is very high. Additional or amended laws or regulations in this area may significantly increase the cost of compliance or expose us to liabilities.  
  We serve alcoholic beverages at many facilities, and must comply with applicable licensing laws, as well as state and local service laws, commonly called dram shop statutes. Dram shop statutes generally prohibit serving alcoholic beverages to certain persons, such as an individual who is visibly intoxicated or a minor. If we violate dram shop laws, we may be liable to the patron and/or third parties for the acts of the patron. Although we sponsor regular training programs designed to minimize the likelihood of such a situation and to take advantage of certain safe harbors and affirmative defenses established for the benefit of alcoholic beverages service providers, we cannot guarantee that visibly intoxicated or minor patrons will not be served or that liability for their acts will not be imposed on us. There can be no assurance that additional laws or regulations in this area would not limit our activities in the future or significantly increase the cost of regulatory compliance. We must also obtain and comply with the terms of licenses in order to sell alcoholic beverages in the states in which we serve alcoholic beverages. Some of our contracts require us to pay liquidated damages during any period in which the liquor license for the facility is suspended as a result of our actions, and most contracts are subject to termination if the liquor license for the facility is lost as a result of our actions.  
  If we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or other governmental regulations, we could become subject to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business.  
  We are subject to governmental regulation at the federal, state, international, national, provincial and local levels in many areas of our business, such as employment laws, wage and hour laws, discrimination laws, immigration laws, human health and safety laws, import and export controls and customs laws, environmental laws, false claims or whistleblower statutes, minority, women and disadvantaged business enterprise statutes, tax codes, antitrust and competition laws, consumer protection statutes, procurement regulations, intellectual property laws, food safety, labeling and sanitation laws, governmentally funded entitlement programs and cost and accounting principles, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, other anti-corruption laws, lobbying laws, motor carrier safety laws, data privacy and security laws and alcohol licensing and service laws.  
  From time to time, governmental agencies have conducted reviews and audits of certain of our practices as part of routine investigations of providers of services under government contracts, or otherwise. Like others in our business, we also receive requests for information from government agencies in connection with these reviews and audits. While we attempt to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws, regulations or interpretations of these laws and regulations.  
  If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, penalties, damages, reimbursement, injunctions, seizures, disgorgements or debarments from government contracts or the loss of liquor licenses. The cost of compliance or the consequences of non-compliance, including debarments, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, government agencies may make changes in the regulatory frameworks within which we operate that may require either the corporation as a whole or individual businesses to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations.  
  Changes in, new interpretations of or changes in the enforcement of the governmental regulatory framework may affect our contracts and contract terms and may reduce our sales or profits.  
  A portion of our sales, estimated to be approximately   15%   in fiscal   2016  , is derived from business with U.S. federal, state and local governments and agencies. Changes or new interpretations in, or changes in the enforcement of, the statutory or regulatory framework applicable to services provided under government contracts or bidding procedures, including an adverse change in government spending policies or appropriations, budget priorities or revenue levels, particularly by our food and support services businesses, could result in fewer new contracts or contract renewals, modifications to the methods we apply to price government contracts, or in contract terms of shorter duration than we have historically experienced. Any of these changes  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

could result in lower sales or profits than we have historically achieved, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.  
  Environmental regulations may subject us to significant liability and limit our ability to grow.  
  We are subject to various environmental protection laws and regulations, including the U.S. Federal Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act and similar federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing the use, management, and disposal of chemicals and hazardous materials. In particular, industrial laundries in our uniform rental business use certain detergents and cleaning chemicals to launder garments and other merchandise. The residues from such detergents and chemicals and residues from soiled garments and other merchandise laundered at our facilities may result in potential discharges to air and to water (through sanitary sewer systems and publicly owned treatment works) and may be contained in waste generated by our wastewater treatment systems.  
  Our industrial laundries are subject to certain volume and chemical air and water pollution discharge limits, monitoring, permitting and recordkeeping requirements.  
  We own or operate aboveground and underground storage tank systems at some locations to store petroleum products for use in our or our clients' operations. Certain of these storage tank systems also are subject to performance standards, periodic monitoring, and recordkeeping requirements. We also may use and manage chemicals and hazardous materials in our operations from time to time. In the course of our business, we may be subject to penalties and fines for non-compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations and we may settle, or contribute to the settlement of, actions or claims relating to the management of underground storage tanks and the handling and disposal of chemicals or hazardous materials. We may, in the future, be required to expend material amounts to rectify the consequences of any such events.  
  In addition, changes to environmental laws may subject us to additional costs or cause us to change aspects of our business. Under U.S. federal and state environmental protection laws, as an owner or operator of real estate we may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous materials located on or in or migrating from our owned or leased property or our client's properties, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage, without regard to our fault, knowledge, or responsibility for the presence of such hazardous materials. There can be no assurance that locations that we own, lease or otherwise operate, either for ourselves or for our clients, or that we may acquire in the future, have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that future uses or conditions will not result in the imposition of liability upon us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits. In addition, such regulations may limit our ability to identify suitable sites for new or expanded facilities. In connection with our present or past operations and the present or past operations of our predecessors or companies that we have acquired, hazardous substances may migrate from properties on which we operate or which were operated by our predecessors or companies we acquired to other properties. We may be subject to significant liabilities to the extent that human health is adversely affected or the value of such properties is diminished by such migration.  
  Our international business faces risks different from those we face in the United States that could have an effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  
  A significant portion of our sales is derived from international business. During fiscal   2016  , approximately   19%   of our sales were generated outside of North America. We currently have a presence in   17   countries outside of the United States and Canada with approximately   88,500   personnel. Our international operations are subject to risks that are different from those we face in the United States, including the requirement to comply with changing, conflicting and unclear national and local regulatory requirements; Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption law compliance matters; potential difficulties in staffing and labor disputes; differing local labor laws; managing and obtaining support and distribution for local operations; credit risk or financial condition of local clients; potential imposition of restrictions on investments; potentially adverse tax consequences, including imposition or increase of withholding, VAT and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; foreign exchange controls; and local political and social conditions. In addition, the operating results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars and those results are affected by movements in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar.  
  We intend to continue to develop our business in emerging countries over the long term. Emerging international operations present several additional risks, including greater fluctuation in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar; economic and governmental instability; civil disturbances; volatility in gross domestic production; and nationalization and expropriation of private assets.  
  There can be no assurance that the foregoing factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Continued or further unionization of our workforce may increase our costs and work stoppages could damage our business.  
  Approximately   40,000   employees in our North America operations are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. The continued or further unionization of a significantly greater portion of our workforce could increase our overall costs at the affected locations and adversely affect our flexibility to run our business in the most efficient manner to remain competitive or acquire new business. In addition, any significant increase in the number of work stoppages at our various operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
  We may incur significant liability as a result of our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans.  
  We operate at several locations under collective bargaining agreements. Under some of these agreements, we are obligated to contribute to multiemployer defined benefit pension plans. As a contributing employer to such plans, should we trigger either a  complete  or a  partial withdrawal,  we would be subject to withdrawal liability (or partial withdrawal liability) for our proportionate share of any unfunded vested benefits. In addition, if a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan fails to satisfy the minimum funding standards, we could be liable to increase our contributions to meet minimum funding standards. Also, if a participating employer withdraws from the plan or experiences financial difficulty, including bankruptcy, our obligation could increase. The financial status of certain of the plans to which we contribute has deteriorated in the recent past and continues to deteriorate. In addition, any increased funding obligations for underfunded multiemployer defined benefit pension plans could have an adverse financial impact on us.  
  Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  The raw materials we use in our business and the finished products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. We seek to require our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and otherwise be certified as meeting our supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access raw materials and finished products in a timely and efficient manner is a challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. In addition, insolvency experienced by suppliers could make it difficult for us to source the items we need to run our business. Political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, United States foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. In addition, if one of our suppliers were to violate the law, our reputation may be harmed simply due to our association with that supplier. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to raw materials and finished products could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  In fiscal   2016  , one distributor distributed approximately   52%   of our food and non-food products in the United States and Canada, and if our relationship or their business were to be disrupted, we could experience disruptions to our operations and cost structure.  
  Although we negotiate the pricing and other terms for the majority of our purchases of food and related products in the U.S. and Canada directly with national manufacturers, we purchase these products and other items through Sysco Corporation and other distributors. Sysco, the main U.S. and Canadian distributor of our food and non-food products, and other distributors are responsible for tracking our orders and delivering products to our specific locations. If our relationship with, or the business of, Sysco were to be disrupted, we would have to arrange alternative distributors and our operations and cost structure could be adversely affected in the short term. Similarly, a sudden termination of the relationship with a significant provider in other geographic areas could in the short term adversely affect our ability to provide services and disrupt our client relationships in such areas.  
  Our business may suffer if we are unable to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if labor costs increase.  
  From time to time, we have had difficulty in hiring and retaining qualified management personnel, particularly at the entry management level. We will continue to have significant requirements to hire such personnel. In the past, at times when the United States or other geographic regions have periodically experienced reduced levels of unemployment, there has been a shortage of qualified workers at all levels. Given that our workforce requires large numbers of entry level and skilled workers and managers, low levels of unemployment when such conditions exist or mismatches between the labor markets and our skill requirements can compromise our ability in certain areas of our businesses to continue to provide quality service or compete for new business. We also regularly hire a large number of part-time and seasonal workers, particularly in our food and support services segments. Any difficulty we may encounter in hiring such workers could result in significant increases in labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition for labor has at times resulted in wage increases in the past and future competition could substantially increase our labor costs. Due to the  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

labor intensive nature of our businesses and the fact that   70%   of our food and support services segments' sales are from profit and loss contracts under which we have limited ability to pass along cost increases, a shortage of labor or increases in wage levels in excess of normal levels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  
  Healthcare reform legislation could have an impact on our business.  
  During 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law in the United States. Certain of the provisions that have increased our healthcare costs include the removal of annual plan limits, the mandate that health plans provide 100% coverage on expanded preventative care and new eligibility rules, which cover more variable hour employees than we have done in the past. A number of the provisions of the legislation have been delayed and/or phased in over time, such as the excise tax on high cost coverage. Further regulatory action is expected as a result of the outcome of the recent presidential election. Such action could result in changes to healthcare eligibility, design and cost structure that could have an adverse impact on our business and operating costs. 
  Our business is contract intensive and may lead to client disputes.  
  Our business is contract intensive and we are parties to many contracts with clients all over the world. Our client interest contracts provide that client billings, and for some contracts the sharing of profits and losses, are based on our determinations of costs of service. Contract terms under which we base these determinations and, for certain government contracts, regulations governing our cost determinations, may be subject to differing interpretations which could result in disputes with our clients from time to time. Clients generally have the right to audit our contracts, and we periodically review our compliance with contract terms and provisions. If clients were to dispute our contract determinations, the resolution of such disputes in a manner adverse to our interests could negatively affect sales and operating results. While we do not believe any reviews, audits or other such matters should result in material adjustments, if a large number of our client arrangements were modified in response to any such matter, the effect could be materially adverse to our business or results of operations.  
  Our operations are seasonal and quarter to quarter comparisons may not be a good indicator of our performance.  
  In our first and second fiscal quarters, within the FSS North America segment, there historically has been a lower level of sales to sports and leisure clients, which is partly offset by increased activity in educational operations. In our third and fourth fiscal quarters, there historically has been a significant increase in sales to sports and leisure clients, which is partially offset by the effect of summer recess in educational operations. For these reasons, a quarter to quarter comparison is not a good indication of our performance or how we will perform in the future.  
  Our operations and reputation may be adversely affected by disruptions to or breaches of our information security systems or if our data is otherwise compromised. 
  We are increasingly utilizing information technology systems to enhance the efficiency of our business. We maintain confidential, proprietary and personal information about, or on behalf of, our potential, current and former clients, customers, employees and other third parties in these systems or engage third parties in connection with storage and processing of this information. Our systems and the systems of our vendors are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, computer viruses and catastrophic events. These systems are also vulnerable to an increasing threat of rapidly evolving cyber-based attacks, including malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches. The development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite our efforts and the efforts of our vendors, the possibility of risks described above, particularly cyber-based attacks, cannot be eliminated entirely, and each of these risks remain. In addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. In addition, data and security breaches can also occur as the result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breach by our employees or others with whom we have a relationship. Any damage to, or compromise or breach of our systems or the systems of our vendors could impair our ability to conduct our business, and result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, including litigation and other potential liability, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation as a brand, business partner or an employer. 
  Failure to maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price. 
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements or fraud. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. A significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our common stock. 
  Risks Related to Our Indebtedness  
  Our leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industries, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations.  
  We are highly leveraged. As of   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding indebtedness was $  5,270.0 million  . We also had additional availability of   $713.5 million   under our revolving credit facilities as of that date.  
  This degree of leverage could have important consequences, including:  
             
    exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities and our receivables facility, are at variable rates of interest;  
                
    making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness;  
                
    increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;  
                
    requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;  
                
    restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;  
                
    limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and  
                
    limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged.  
     We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could increase.  
  If our financial performance were to deteriorate, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.  
  Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. While we believe that we currently have adequate cash flows to service our indebtedness, if our financial performance were to deteriorate significantly, we might be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.  
  If, due to such a deterioration in our financial performance, our cash flows and capital resources were to be insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In addition, if we were required to raise additional capital in the current financial markets, the terms of such financing, if available, could result in higher costs and greater restrictions on our business. In addition, although none of our long-term borrowings mature prior to 2019, if we were to need to refinance our existing indebtedness, the conditions in the financial markets at that time could make it difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all. If such alternative measures proved unsuccessful, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. Our senior secured credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any disposition of assets and to refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.  
  Our senior secured credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to, among other things:  
             
    incur additional indebtedness, refinance or restructure indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares;  
                
    pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock, make unscheduled payments on our notes, repurchase or redeem our senior notes or make other restricted payments;  
                
    make certain investments;  
                
    sell certain assets;  
                
    create liens;  
                
    consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and  
                
    enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.  
     In addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility requires us to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and in the event of a significant deterioration of our financial performance, there can be no assurance that we will satisfy those ratios and tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit agreement. Upon our failure to maintain compliance with these covenants that is not waived by the lenders under the revolving credit facility, the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit under such facilities. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under the senior secured credit agreement. If the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings, as well as our unsecured indebtedness. If our senior secured indebtedness was accelerated by the lenders as a result of a default, our senior notes may become due and payable as well. Any such acceleration may also constitute an amortization event under our receivables facility, which could result in the amount outstanding under that facility becoming due and payable.  
  Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock  
  Our share price may change significantly, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.  
  We completed our initial public offering on December 17, 2013. Since our initial public offering, the trading price of our common stock, as reported by the NYSE, has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could fluctuate due to a number of factors such as those listed in   Risks Related to Our Business  and the following, some of which are beyond our control:  
             
    quarterly variations in our results of operations;  
                
    results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors;  
                
    results of operations that vary from those of our competitors;  
                
    changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;  
                
    announcements by us, our competitors or our vendors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;  
                
    announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;  
                
    future sales of our common stock;  
                
    general domestic and international economic conditions; and  
                
    unexpected and sudden changes in senior management.  
     Furthermore, the stock market has experienced extreme volatility that, in some cases, has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation.  
     There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock.    
  Payment of cash dividends on our common stock is subject to our compliance with applicable law and depends on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior notes contain, and the terms of any future indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur may contain, limitations on our ability to pay dividends. For more information, see Item 5. "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Dividends." Although we have paid cash dividends in the past, there can be no assurance that we will continue to pay any dividend in the future.  
  Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control.  
  Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders.  
  These provisions provide for, among other things:  
             
    the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock;  
                
    advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings;  
                
    certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings;  
                
    the removal of directors only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% in voting power of all the then-outstanding common stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; and  
                
    that certain provisions may be amended only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% in voting power of all the then-outstanding common stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class.  
     These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-party's offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees.    
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, with certain limited exceptions, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Company owed to us or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
  If securities or industry research analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
  The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that securities and industry research analysts publish about us, our industry, our competitors and our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. Our share price and trading volumes could decline if one or more securities or industry analysts downgrade our common stock, issue unfavorable commentary about us, our industry or our business, cease to cover our company or fail to regularly publish reports about us, our industry or our business. 
   
  Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments 
  Not Applicable. 
   
  Item 2.    Properties 
  Our principal executive offices are leased at Aramark Tower, 1101 Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107. Our principal real estate is primarily comprised of Uniform facilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated   283   service facilities in our Uniform segment, consisting of industrial laundries, cleanroom laundries, warehouses, distribution centers, satellites, depots, stand alone garages, shared service centers and administrative offices that are located in   40   states, Mexico, Canada and Puerto Rico. Of these, approximately   53%   are leased and approximately   47%   are owned. We own   eight   buildings that we use in our FSS North America segment, including several office/warehouse spaces, and we lease   107   premises, consisting of offices, office/warehouses and distribution centers. In addition, we own a distribution center,   two   offices and   five   other properties and lease   118   facilities throughout the world that we use in our FSS International segment. We also maintain other real estate and leasehold improvements, which we use in the Uniform and FSS segments. No individual parcel of real estate owned or leased is of material significance to our total assets. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings 
  Our business is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of water wastes and other substances. We engage in informal settlement discussions with federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding allegations of violations of environmental laws in connection with our operations or businesses conducted by our predecessors or companies that we have acquired, the aggregate amount of which and related remediation costs we do not believe should have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
  From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are party to various legal actions, proceedings and investigations involving claims incidental to the conduct of their business, including those brought by clients, consumers, employees, government entities and third parties under, among others, federal, state, international, national, provincial and local employment laws, wage and hour laws, discrimination laws, immigration laws, human health and safety laws, import and export controls and customs laws, environmental laws, false claims or whistleblower statutes, minority, women and disadvantaged business enterprise statutes, tax codes, antitrust and competition laws, consumer protection statutes, procurement regulations, intellectual property laws, food safety and sanitation laws, cost and accounting principles, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, other anti-corruption laws, lobbying laws, motor carrier safety laws, data privacy and security laws and alcohol licensing and service laws, or alleging negligence and/or breaches of contractual and other obligations. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage, established reserves and other resources, the Company does not believe that any such actions, proceedings or investigations are likely to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not Applicable. 
  ______________________________________ 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
  Our executive officers as of November 23, 2016 are as follows: 
                           Name 
      
    Age 
      
    Position 
      
    With Aramark Since 
      Eric J. Foss 
      
    58 
      
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    2012 
      Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 
      
    46 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    2015 
      Harrald F. Kroeker 
      
    59 
      
    Senior Vice President, Transformation 
      
    2013 
      Lynn B. McKee 
      
    61 
      
    Executive Vice President, Human Resources 
      
    1980 
      Brian P. Pressler 
      
    41 
      
    Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
      
    2002 
      Stephen R. Reynolds 
      
    58 
      
    Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
      
    2012 
      James J. Tarangelo 
      
    43 
      
    Vice President and Treasurer 
      
    2003 

Eric J. Foss   has been our Chairman of the Board since February 2015 and our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2012. Before joining us, Mr. Foss served as Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Beverages Company from February 2010 until December 2011. Prior to that Mr. Foss served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Pepsi Bottling Group from 2008 until 2010; President and Chief Executive Officer from 2006 until 2007; and Chief Operating Officer from 2005 until 2006. Mr. Foss serves on the board of CIGNA Corporation and previously served on the board of UDR, Inc. 
  Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr.   was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Bramlage served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Owens-Illinois, Inc. from June 2012 to March 2015. Prior to that, he served as President of Owens-Illinois Asia Pacific from August 2011 to June 2012; General Manager of Owens-Illinois New Zealand from August 2010 to July 2011; Vice President of Finance of Owens-Illinois, Inc. from March 2008 to July 2010; Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Owens-Illinois Europe in 2008; and Vice President and Treasurer of Owens-Illinois, Inc. from 2006 to 2008. 
  Harrald F. Kroeker   has been the Senior Vice President, Transformation since December 2014.  Prior to that he was our Chief Operating Officer - Europe from November 2013 to November 2014.  Before joining us, Mr. Kroeker was an executive with Dean Foods Company serving as its Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Dairy Group from November 2006 to January 2007 and as President, Fresh Daily Direct, from January 2007 to October 2011. 
  Lynn B. McKee   was appointed Executive Vice President, Human Resources in May 2004. From August 2012 to August 2013, Ms. McKee served as Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Communications. From January 2004 to May 2004, Ms. McKee served as our Senior Vice President of Human Resources and from September 2001 to December 2003, she served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for our Food and Support Services Group. From August 1998 to August 2001, she served as our Staff Vice President, Executive Development and Compensation. Ms. McKee serves on the board of directors of Bryn Mawr Bank Co. 
  Brian P. Pressler   was appointed Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2016.  From January 2014 to May 2016, he served as our Vice President, Finance, Education and from January 2013 to January 2014 as our Vice President, Finance, International.  Mr. Pressler served as our Vice President, Finance, Educational Services, K-12 from February 2011 to January 2013 and as Associate Vice President, Finance, Educational Services, K-12 from September 2008 to February 2011. 
  Stephen R. Reynolds   was appointed Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in September 2012. Before joining us, Mr. Reynolds was an executive with Alcatel-Lucent for seven years, having most recently served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel from January 2006 to August 2012. 
  James J. Tarangelo   was appointed Vice President and Treasurer in November 2016. He has been with Aramark since 2003 and has held positions of progressive responsibility in operations finance, financial planning and international finance. Mr. Tarangelo served as our Vice President, Finance, International from January 2014 to November 2016.  He served as Associate Vice President, Planning   Operations Finance from 2013 to 2014 and Associate Vice President, Finance, International from 2008 to 2013. 

22 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
   
           Item 5. 
    Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Market Information 
  Shares of our common stock began trading on December 12, 2013 and are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the ticker symbol  ARMK.  Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. As of   October 28, 2016  , there were approximately   325   holders of record of our outstanding common stock. This does not include persons who hold our common stock in nominee or  street name  accounts through brokers or banks. The following table sets forth the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock during the periods indicated and the amount of cash dividends declared per share: 

Dividends 
  The Company declared quarterly cash dividends of   $0.095   per share to all common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 17, 2015, February 16, 2016, May 18, 2016 and August 16, 2016, which were paid on December 9, 2015, March 7, 2016, June 7, 2016 and September 6, 2016, respectively. The Company declared quarterly cash dividends of   $0.08625   per share to all common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 25, 2014, February 17, 2015, May 20, 2015 and August 18, 2015, which were paid on December 16, 2014, March 9, 2015, June 9, 2015 and September 8, 2015, respectively. On   November 9, 2016  , a   $0.103   dividend per share of common stock was declared, payable on December 8, 2016, to shareholders of record on the close of business on November 28, 2016. 
  We intend to continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock, subject to our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. However, the payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and our Board of Directors may, at any time, determine not to continue to declare quarterly dividends. 
  Our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our main operating subsidiary, Aramark Services, Inc., formerly known as ARAMARK Corporation, which may further restrict our ability to pay dividends as a result of covenants under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness of Aramark Services, Inc. In particular, the ability of Aramark Services, Inc. to distribute cash to the Company to pay dividends is limited by covenants in Aramark Services, Inc. s Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2014, as amended from time to time, the indentures governing Aramark Services, Inc.'s 5.75% Senior Notes due 2020, 5.125% Senior Notes due 2024 and 4.75% Senior Notes due 2026. See Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for a description of the restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Stock Price Performance 
  This performance graph and related information shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any filing of Aramark under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

The following graph shows a comparison from December 12, 2013 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange) through   September 30, 2016   of the cumulative total return for our common stock, The Standard   Poor s ( S P ) 500 Stock Index and The Dow Jones Consumer Non-Cyclical Index. The graph assumes that $100 was invested in the Company s common stock and in each index at the market close on December 12, 2013 and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
  There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   which have not been previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K. 
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
  There were no repurchases of equity securities by the Company in the fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

24 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.    Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
  The following table presents selected consolidated financial data. This information should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Risk Factors sections, each included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) 
    For the purpose of determining the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, earnings include pre-tax income from continuing operations plus fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest). Fixed charges consist of interest on all indebtedness (including capitalized interest) plus that portion of operating lease rentals representative of the interest factor (deemed to be one-third of operating lease rentals). 
               (5) 
    On December 17, 2013, the Company completed its initial public offering ("IPO") of 28,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $20.00 per share, raising approximately $524.1 million, net of costs directly related to the IPO. The Company used the net proceeds to repay borrowings of approximately $154.1 million on the senior secured revolving credit facility and $370.0 million of outstanding loans under our senior secured term loan facility. 
     
   25 

Table of Contents  

Item 7. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
  OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014   should be read in conjunction with Selected Consolidated Financial Data and our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements.  
  On December 17, 2013, Aramark (the "Company", "we", "our" and "us") completed its initial public offering ("IPO") of 28,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $20.00 per share. The Company's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ARMK". 
  Our discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, opinions, expectations, anticipations, intentions and beliefs. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under "Risk Factors," "Special Note About Forward-looking Information" and "Business" sections and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Annual Report"). In the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, certain financial measures may be considered  non-GAAP financial measures  under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules. These rules require supplemental explanation and reconciliation, which is provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
   
  Overview 
  Aramark is a leading global provider of food, facilities and uniform services to education, healthcare, business   industry and sports, leisure   corrections clients. Our core market is North America, which is supplemented by an additional   17  -country footprint. Through our established brand, broad geographic presence and approximately   266,500   employees, we anchor our business in our partnerships with thousands of education, healthcare, business, sports, leisure   corrections clients. Through these partnerships we serve millions of consumers including students, patients, employees, sports fans and guests worldwide.  
  We operate our business in three reportable segments: 
             
    Food and Support Services North America ("FSS North America") - Food, refreshment, specialized dietary and support services, including facility maintenance and housekeeping, provided to business, educational and healthcare institutions and in sports, leisure and other facilities serving the general public in the United States and Canada. 
                
    Food and Support Services International ("FSS International") - Food, refreshment, specialized dietary and support services, including facility maintenance and housekeeping, provided to business, educational and healthcare institutions and in sports, leisure and other facilities serving the general public. We have operations in   17   countries outside FSS North America. Our largest international operations are in the Chile, China, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom, and in each of these countries we are one of the leading food and/or facility service providers. We also have operations in Japan through our 50% ownership of AIM Services Co., Ltd., which is a leader in providing outsourced food services in Japan. 
                
    Uniform and Career Apparel ("Uniform") - Rental, sale, cleaning, maintenance and delivery of personalized uniforms and other textile items on a contract basis and direct marketing of personalized uniforms and accessories to clients in a wide range of industries in the United States, Puerto Rico, Japan and Canada, including manufacturing, transportation, construction, restaurants and hotels, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. We supply garments, other textile and paper products and other accessories through rental and direct purchase programs to businesses, public institutions and individuals.  
     Our Food and Support Services operations focus on serving clients in four principal sectors: Business   Industry, Education, Healthcare and Sports, Leisure   Corrections. Our FSS International reportable segment provides a similar range of services as those provided to our FSS North America clients and operates in the same sectors although it is more heavily weighted towards Business   Industry. In   fiscal     2016  , our FSS North America segment generated   $10.1 billion   in sales, or   70%   of our total sales, our FSS International segment generated   $2.7 billion   in sales, or   19%   of our total sales and our Uniform segment generated   $1.6 billion   in sales, or   11%   of total sales. Administrative expenses not allocated to our three reportable segments are presented separately as corporate expenses and are not included in our segment results.  
  Our operating results are affected by the economic conditions being experienced in the countries in which we operate. Across all of our businesses, we continue to plan and execute both growth and productivity initiatives and continue to focus on streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our general and administrative functions through increased  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

standards, process improvements, and consolidation. As a result, we recorded certain costs related to these initiatives during fiscal 2016 (see Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements for more information). 
  Seasonality 
  Our sales and operating results have varied from quarter to quarter, as a result of different factors. Historically, within our FSS North America segment, there has been a lower level of activity during our first and second fiscal quarters in operations that provide services to sports and leisure clients. This lower level of activity, historically, has been partially offset during our first and second fiscal quarters by the increased activity levels in our educational operations. Conversely, historically there has been a significant increase in the provision of services to sports and leisure clients during our third and fourth fiscal quarters, which is partially offset by the effect of summer recess at colleges, universities and schools in our educational operations.  
  Sources of Sales 
  Our clients engage us, generally through written contracts, to provide our services at their locations. Depending on the type of client and service, we are paid either by our client or directly by the consumer to whom we have been provided access by our client. We typically use either profit and loss contracts or client interest contracts in our FSS North America and FSS International segments. These contracts differ in their provision for the amount of financial risk we bear and, accordingly, the potential compensation, profits or fees we may receive. Under profit and loss contracts, we receive all of the revenue from, and bear all of the expenses of, the provision of our services at a client location. For   fiscal     2016  , approximately   70%   of our FSS North America and FSS International sales were derived from profit and loss contracts. Client interest contracts include management fee contracts, under which our clients reimburse our operating costs and pay us a management fee, which may be calculated as a fixed dollar amount or a percentage of sales or operating costs. Some management fee contracts entitle us to receive incentive fees based upon our performance under the contract, as measured by factors such as sales, operating costs and customer satisfaction surveys. For   fiscal     2016  , approximately   30%   of our FSS North America and FSS International sales were derived from client interest contracts.  
  For our Uniform segment, we typically serve our rental clients under written service contracts for an initial term of three to five years. As the majority of our clients purchase on a recurring basis, our backlog of orders at any given time consists principally of orders in the process of being filled. With the exception of certain governmental bid business, most of our direct marketing business is conducted under invoice arrangement with repeat clients. To a large degree, our direct marketing business is relationship-driven. While we have long-term relationships with our larger clients, we generally do not have contracts with these clients. 
  Costs and Expenses 
  Our costs and expenses are comprised of cost of services provided, depreciation and amortization and selling and general corporate expenses. Cost of services provided consists of direct expenses associated with our operations, which includes food costs, wages, other labor-related expenses (including workers' compensation, state unemployment insurance and federal or state mandated health benefits and other healthcare costs), insurance, fuel, utilities, piece goods and clothing and equipment. Depreciation and amortization expenses mainly relate to assets used in generating sales. Selling and general corporate expenses include sales commissions, marketing, share-based compensation and other costs related to administrative functions including finance, legal, human resources and information technology. 
  Interest and Other Financing Costs, net 
  Interest and other financing costs, net, relates primarily to interest expense on long-term borrowings. Interest and other financing costs, net also includes third-party costs associated with long-term borrowings that were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the borrowing. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes represents federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory U.S. income tax rate due to the effect of state and local income taxes, tax rates in foreign jurisdictions, tax credits and certain nondeductible expenses. Our effective tax rate will change from quarter to quarter based on recurring and nonrecurring factors including, but not limited to, the geographical mix of earnings, state and local income taxes, tax audit settlements and enacted tax legislation, including certain business tax credits. Changes in judgment due to the evaluation of new information resulting in the recognition, derecognition or remeasurement of a tax position taken in a prior annual period are recognized separately in the quarter of the change.  
  Foreign Currency Fluctuations 
  The impact from foreign currency translation assumes constant foreign currency exchange rates based on the rates in effect for the current year period being used in translation for the comparable prior year period. We believe that providing the impact of  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

fluctuations in foreign currency rates on certain financial results can facilitate analysis of period-to-period comparisons of business performance. 
  Fiscal Year 
  Our fiscal year is the fifty-two or fifty-three week period which ends on the Friday nearest to September 30th. The fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   were each fifty-two week periods and the fiscal year ended October 3, 2014 was a fifty-three week period. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Fiscal   2016   Compared to Fiscal   2015    
  The following tables present an overview of our results on a consolidated and segment basis with the amount of and percentage change between periods for the fiscal years   2016   and   2015   (dollars in millions). 

(1) As a percentage of total sales, FSS North America represented 70% and 69%, FSS International represented 19% and 20% and Uniform represented 11% in both periods during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Overview 
  Sales of   $14.4 billion   for fiscal   2016   represented an increase of approximately   1%   over the prior year period. The increase in sales for fiscal   2016   is attributable to: 
             
    growth in the Sports, Leisure   Corrections and Education sectors; 
                
    growth in Ireland, Spain, China and Mexico; and 
                
    growth in our Uniform segment; partially offset by 
                
    the decision to exit certain operations within the FSS International segment; 
                
    a sales decline in the Business   Industry and Healthcare sectors and the U.K.; and 
                
    the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $259 million (approximately -2%). 
     Cost of services provided was   $12.9 billion   for fiscal   2016  , and was consistent compared with prior year. Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was   89%   in fiscal   2016   compared to   90%   in fiscal   2015  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. The following table presents the percentages attributable to the components in cost of services provided for fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  .  

Operating income of   $746.3 million   for fiscal   2016   represented an increase of approximately   19%   from the prior year. The increase in operating income was impacted by: 
             
    profit growth in our Education and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors in the FSS North America segment; 
                
    profit growth in South America, China and our 50% ownership of AIM Services Co., Ltd. in Japan; 
                
    cost reductions from streamlining our general and administrative functions;  
                
    a decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense (approximately $31.9 million);  
                
    the prior year charges associated with asset write-downs in the FSS North America and FSS International segments (approximately $16.2 million);  
                
    an increase from the gain related to the change in the fair value related to certain gasoline and diesel agreement (approximately $10.9 million); and 
                
    a decrease in share-based compensation expense mainly from the prior year vesting of outstanding performance-based options from a return-based event (approximately $9.5 million); which more than offset 
                
    assets write-offs, mainly in the Uniform segment (approximately $7.0 million); 
                
    a profit decline in the Healthcare sector; and 
                
    the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $12 million (approximately -2%). 
     Interest and Other Financing Costs, net, for fiscal   2016   increased approximately   $29.5 million   compared to the prior year. The increase during fiscal   2016   was primarily due to the partial paydown of the senior secured term loans, due September 2019 (the "2019 Term Loans") and the 5.75% Senior Notes due March 2020 (the "2020 Notes"), which resulted in charges of approximately $30.2 million, consisting of $22.2 million for the call premium on the 2020 Notes and $8.0 million of non-cash charges for the write-off of debt issuance costs and debt discount on the 2020 Notes and 2019 Term Loans. 
  The effective income tax rate for fiscal   2016   was   33.1%   compared to   30.7%   in the prior year. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due the prior year benefits of $6 million in connection with the sale of the India subsidiary due to the tax basis exceeding the book basis of the subsidiary and $2.6 million from cash distributions received from the company s 50% ownership interest in AIM Services Co., Ltd. from the recovery of Japanese taxes paid in excess of the U.S. tax rate. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Net income for fiscal   2016   was   $288.2 million   compared to   $237.0 million   in the prior year. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for fiscal   2016   was   $0.4 million   compared to   $1.0 million   in the prior year.  
  Segment Results 
  FSS North America Segment 
  The FSS North America reportable segment consists of four operating segments which have similar economic characteristics and are aggregated into a single operating segment. The four operating segments or sectors of the FSS North America reportable segment are Business   Industry, Education, Healthcare and Sports, Leisure   Corrections.  
  Sales for each of these sectors are summarized as follows (in millions): 

The Healthcare and Education sectors generally have high-single digit operating income margins and the Business   Industry and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors generally have mid-single digit operating income margins.  
  FSS North America segment sales for fiscal   2016   increased   2%   over the prior period. The increase in sales was impacted by: 
             
    growth in our Education and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors; partially offset by 
                
    a sales decline in our Business   Industry and Healthcare sectors; and 
                
    the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $55 million (approximately -1%). 
     The Business   Industry sector had a sales decrease of approximately 2% for fiscal   2016   which was impacted by: 
             
    a decline in our remote services business in Canada due to camp shut downs and reduced employee headcount at our clients resulting from the economic downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
     The Education sector had a sales increase of approximately 4% for fiscal   2016   which was impacted by: 
             
    growth in base business within our higher education business; and 
                
    net new business within our higher education and K-12 businesses.  
     The Healthcare sector had a sales decrease of approximately 4% for fiscal   2016   which was impacted by: 
             
    growth in base business within our technologies business; which was more than offset by  
                
    the impact of net lost business. 
     The Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector had a sales increase of approximately 8% for fiscal   2016   which was impacted by: 
             
    new business within our leisure business; and 
                
    base business growth in the stadiums and arenas we serve; which more than offset 
                
    an account we exited in the corrections business; and 
                
    net lost business in the stadiums and arenas we serve. 
     Cost of services provided was $9.1 billion for fiscal   2016   compared to $9.0 billion for the prior year. Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 90% in both fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income for fiscal   2016   was   $546.4 million   compared to   $494.5 million   in the prior year. The increase in operating income was impacted by: 
             
    profit growth in our Education and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors; 
                
    cost reductions from streamlining our general and administrative functions; 
                
    a decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense (approximately $30.7 million); 
                
    a decrease in consulting costs (approximately $2.7 million); and 
                
    the prior year charge to write-off idle service equipment ($6.0 million); partially offset by 
                
    profit decline in our Healthcare sector; 
                
    an increase in severance related costs (approximately $8.9 million); 
                
    expenses associated with acquisition costs (approximately $3.5 million); 
                
    multiemployer pension plan withdrawal charges (approximately $2.3 million);  
                
    the prior year gain on a sale of a property (approximately $3.1 million); 
                
    the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $6 million (approximately -1%); and 
                
    prior year income from favorable insurance adjustments related to claims experience (approximately $7.1 million). 
     During fiscal 2016, we sold one of our buildings for cash proceeds of approximately $9.5 million. A loss was recorded of approximately $6.8 million during fiscal 2016 related to the sale and other asset write-offs. During fiscal 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately $8.7 million to write down the book value of the building to its estimated fair value at the time. 
  FSS International Segment 
  Sales in the FSS International segment for fiscal   2016   decreased   4%   compared to the prior year, as the negative impact of foreign currency translation (approximately $204 million or -7%) and the sales decline in the U.K., primarily from the economic downturn in the oil and gas industry, more than offset growth in China, Ireland, Spain, Mexico and the positive impact of the Avoca Handweavers Limited ("Avoca") acquisition (approximately 2%). 
  Cost of services provided was $2.5 billion for fiscal   2016   compared to $2.7 billion in the prior year. Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 93% in fiscal   2016   compared to 94% in fiscal   2015  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. 
  Operating income for fiscal   2016   was   $129.1 million   compared to   $95.3 million   in the prior year. The increase in operating income was impacted by: 
             
    profit growth in South America, Germany, the U.K., China and our 50% ownership of AIM Services Co., Ltd. in Japan; 
                
    the decrease in severance and related costs (other than the prior year severance charges incurred related to exiting certain operations) (approximately $6.9 million); 
                
    the prior year impact of charges associated with severance, asset write-downs and certain other exit costs related to exiting certain operations (approximately   $14.6 million  ); and 
                
    the prior year impact of the loss associated with the divestiture of India (approximately $4.3 million); which more than offset 
                
    the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $7 million (approximately -7%). 
     Uniform Segment 
  Uniform segment sales increased   3%   for fiscal   2016   compared to the prior year, resulting primarily from growth in our uniform rental base business. 
  Cost of services provided was $1.2 billion in both fiscal   2016   and   2015  . Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 79% in fiscal   2016   compared to 78% in fiscal   2015  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income for fiscal   2016   was   $195.3 million   compared to   $191.8 million   in the prior year. The increase in operating income was impacted by: 
             
    growth in the uniform rental business; and 
                
    merchandise and plant productivity initiatives, capacity expansion and increased automation; which was partially offset by 
                
    a charge to write-off impaired assets (approximately $6.0 million). 
     Operating income in fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   includes $2.5 million and $2.3 million of severance and related costs, respectively. Operating income for fiscal 2015 includes a favorable insurance adjustment related to claims experience of approximately $2.7 million. 
  Corporate 
  Corporate expenses, those administrative expenses not allocated to the business segments, were   $124.5 million   in fiscal   2016  , compared to   $153.7 million   for the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the impact of: 
             
    a decrease in our stock based compensation expense mainly from the prior year vesting of outstanding performance-based options from a return-based event (approximately $9.5 million); 
                
    an increase from the gain related to the change in the fair value related to certain gasoline and diesel agreement (approximately $10.9 million);  
                
    a decrease in consulting costs (approximately $3.2 million); and 
                
    cost reductions from streamlining our general and administrative functions (approximately $3.8 million). 
     Fiscal   2015   Compared to Fiscal   2014    
  The following tables present an overview of our results on a consolidated and segment basis with the amount of and percentage change between periods for the fiscal years   2015   and   2014   (dollars in millions). 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Overview 
  Sales of   $14.3 billion   for fiscal   2015   represented a decrease of approximately 3% over the prior year. This decrease is primarily attributable to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $474 million (approximately -3%) and a sales decline in the Business   Industry and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors. This decrease was partially offset by growth in the Education sector, growth in Germany, South America and China in our FSS International segment, and growth in our Uniform segment.  
  Cost of services provided was   $12.9 billion   for fiscal   2015   compared to   $13.4 billion   for the prior year period. Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 90% in both periods. Food and support service costs comprised approximately   27%   of Cost of services provided for fiscal   2015   compared to 28% for fiscal   2014  , personnel costs comprised approximately   47%   of Cost of services provided for fiscal   2015   compared to 46% for fiscal   2014  , and other direct costs comprised the remaining approximately   26%   of Cost of services provided in both periods. Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. 
  Operating income of   $627.9 million   for fiscal   2015   represented an increase of approximately   11%   from the prior year. The increase is primarily attributable to increased sales and cost control efficiencies within our Uniform segment, profit growth in our Education and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors, a decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense (approximately $19.4 million), a decrease in share-based compensation expense due to the fiscal 2014 modification of performance-based options, which more than offset the increase in expense from the share-based awards granted in fiscal 2015 (approximately $29.9 million), a decrease in charges related to branding (approximately $26.9 million) and the fiscal 2014 loss on the sale of the McKinley Chalet hotel (the "Chalet") of approximately $6.7 million within our Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector, which more than offset the profit decline in our Business   Industry sector, the increase in severance and related costs (approximately $4.2 million), the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -3%), and the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $25 million (approximately -5%). Fiscal   2015   includes charges of approximately $16.2 million associated with asset write-downs within the FSS North America and FSS International segments, an impairment charge of approximately $8.7 million related to one of our buildings in the FSS North America segment and the loss of approximately $4.3 million associated with the divestiture of Aramark India Private Limited ("India").  
  Interest and Other Financing Costs, net, for fiscal   2015   decreased approximately   $48.9 million   from the prior year primarily due to the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately $5.0 million), favorable interest rates (approximately $9.3 million) and debt refinancing costs related to the debt refinancing in fiscal 2014 (approximately $25.7 million). 
  The effective income tax rate for fiscal   2015   was   30.7%   compared to   34.9%   in the prior year. The effective tax rate for fiscal   2015   includes a $6.0 million benefit in connection with the sale of the India subsidiary due to the tax basis exceeding the book basis of the subsidiary, a $2.2 million incremental benefit related to the retroactive extension of wage tax credits under the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 and a $2.6 million benefit from cash distributions received from the company s 50% ownership interest in AIM Services Co., Ltd. from the recovery of Japanese taxes paid in excess of the U.S. tax rate. Our fiscal   2015   effective tax rate also includes a benefit from additional tax credits received from prior year distributions received from AIM Services, Co., Ltd. The fiscal 2014 effective tax rate includes the reduction of goodwill in connection with the sale of the Chalet that was not tax deductible. 
  Net income for fiscal   2015   was   $237.0 million   compared to   $149.5 million   in the prior year. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal   2015   was   $1.0 million   compared to   $0.5 million   in the prior year.  
  Segment Results 
  FSS North America Segment 
  The FSS North America reportable segment consists of four operating segments which have similar economic characteristics and are aggregated into a single operating segment. The four operating segments or sectors of the FSS North America reportable segment are Business   Industry; Education; Healthcare; and Sports, Leisure   Corrections. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Sales for each of these sectors are summarized as follows (in millions): 

The Healthcare and Education sectors generally have high-single digit operating income margins and the Business   Industry and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors generally have mid-single digit operating income margins.  
  FSS North America segment sales for fiscal   2015   decreased   3%   over the prior period, primarily due to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $108 million (approximately -1%), a sales decline in our Business   Industry and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors, partially offset by growth in our Education sector.  
  The Business   Industry sector had a high-single digit sales decrease for fiscal   2015   primarily due to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), the impact of lost business including a one-time facility project during fiscal 2014 (approximately $70 million) and a decline in our remote services business in Canada due to camp shut downs and reduced employee headcount at our clients resulting from the economic downturn in the oil and gas indstury. 
  The Education sector had a low single-digit sales increase for fiscal   2015   primarily due to growth in our base business within our Higher Education food business, net new business in our Higher Education and K-12 businesses, partially offset by the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -3%). 
  The Healthcare sector had a low-single digit sales decrease for fiscal   2015   primarily due to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), the impact of lost business within our healthcare technologies business from client consolidations, partially offset by growth in our base and new business within our hospitality business. 
  The Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector had a mid single-digit sales decrease for fiscal   2015   primarily due to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), lost business within our entertainment venues and arenas business, which more than offset base business growth in our stadiums and new business within our Corrections business. 
  Cost of services provided was $9.0 billion for fiscal   2015   compared to $9.3 billion for the prior year . Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 90% in fiscal   2015   compared to 91% in fiscal   2014  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income.  
  Operating income for fiscal   2015   was   $494.5 million   compared to   $501.3 million   in the prior year. This decrease is primarily attributable to the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%), the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $10 million (approximately -2%), an impairment charge related to one of our buildings (approximately $8.7 million), an increase in severance expense as part of the next phase related to streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our selling, general and administrative functions (approximately $7.9 million), profit decline in our Business   Industry sector, primarily driven by a decline in our Canadian remote services business, including a charge to write-off idle service equipment (approximately $6.0 million), and the impact of start-up costs at new client locations and amortization of client investments. These factors more than offset profit growth in our Education and Sports, Leisure   Corrections sectors, a decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense (approximately $6.6 million), the gain on a sale of a property (approximately $3.1 million), and the prior year loss on the sale of the Chalet (approximately $6.7 million). Operating income in both periods also includes favorable risk insurance adjustments related to favorable claims experience. 
  FSS International Segment 
  Sales in the FSS International segment for fiscal   2015   decreased   8%   compared to the prior year period, as the negative impact of foreign currency translation (approximately $367 million or -12%) more than offset growth in Germany, Ireland, Spain, China, and South America. 
  Cost of services provided was $2.7 billion for fiscal   2015   compared to $2.9 billion in the prior year. Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 94% in both fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income for fiscal   2015   was   $95.3 million   compared to   $106.2 million   in the prior year. This decrease is primarily attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation of approximately $15 million (approximately -15%), the charges associated with severance, asset write-downs and certain other exit costs related to exiting certain operations (approximately $14.6 million), and the loss associated with the divestiture of India (approximately $4.3 million), which more than offset profit growth in Ireland, Germany and China, the decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense (approximately $4.8 million), and the decrease in severance and related costs (exclusive of the severance charges incurred related to exiting certain operations) (approximately $6.7 million). 
  Uniform Segment 
  Uniform segment sales increased   2%   for fiscal   2015   compared to the prior year, resulting primarily from growth in our uniform rental base business offset by the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%).  
  Cost of services provided was $1.2 billion in both fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014  . Cost of services provided as a percentage of sales was 78% for both fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014  . Cost of services provided was impacted by the items discussed below for operating income.  
  Operating income for fiscal   2015   was   $191.8 million  , an increase of approximately   11%   when compared to the prior year due to growth in the uniform rental business, merchandise and plant productivity initiatives, and the decrease in acquisition-related amortization expense compared to the prior period (approximately $8.0 million), partially offset by the estimated impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately -2%). Operating income in fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   includes $2.3 million and $2.2 million of severance and related costs, respectively. Both periods also include favorable risk insurance adjustments related to favorable claims experience. 
  Corporate 
  Corporate expenses, those administrative expenses not allocated to the business segments, were   $153.7 million   in fiscal   2015  , compared to   $215.0 million   for the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the decrease in share-based compensation expense related to a fiscal 2014 modification of the vesting provisions for outstanding performance-based options that did not meet the applicable performance thresholds in prior years (approximately $50.9 million), a decrease in charges related to branding (approximately $24.0 million), and cash bonuses and other expenses from the completion of the IPO in fiscal 2014 (approximately $5.0 million), which more than offset the increase in share-based compensation expense mainly from performance-based options, restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards (approximately $21.0 million). 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash generated from operating activities, funds from borrowings and existing cash on hand. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $152.6 million   of cash and cash equivalents and approximately   $713.5 million   of availability under our senior secured revolving credit facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $379.0   million of outstanding foreign currency borrowings. 
  We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and the unused portion of our committed credit availability under the senior secured revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet anticipated cash requirements to fund working capital, capital spending, debt service obligations, refinancings, dividends and other cash needs. We will continue to seek to invest strategically but prudently in certain sectors and geographies. We routinely monitor our cash flow and the condition of the capital markets in order to be prepared to respond to changing conditions. 
  The table below summarizes our cash activity (in millions): 

Reference to the audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows will facilitate understanding of the discussion that follows. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
  During   fiscal     2016  , the total of net income and non cash charges increased compared to fiscal   2015  , resulting from the higher operating results discussed above. The change in operating assets and liabilities of approximately $3.9 million compared to the prior year period relates primarily to the following: 
             
    Accrued Expenses being a source of cash compared to a use of cash in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in commission payments mainly from a prior year lost client in the Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector, timing of deferred income payments, timing of interest payments and timing of other accrued expenses; and 
                
    Accounts Payable being less of a use of cash compared to the prior year due to the timing of disbursements and less employee taxes paid from exercises of share-based awards compared to the prior year; partially offset by 
                
    Accounts Receivable were a use of cash due to timing of collections, mainly from the fiscal 2015 cash receipts related to a one-time facility project in the Business   Industry sector; and 
                
    Prepayments were a use of cash primarily due to prepayments of income and non-income related taxes, interest on the U.S. dollar denominated term loan and insurance premiums. 
     During fiscal 2016, we made voluntary contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of approximately $19.8 million. The "Other operating activities" caption in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows primarily reflects adjustments to net income in the current year for charges related to the repayment of the 2019 Term Loans and redemption of the 2020 Notes (see Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements). 
  During fiscal 2015, the total of net income and non cash charges was consistent compared to fiscal 2014. The increase in cash provided by operating activities compared to fiscal 2014 relates primarily to accounts receivable being a source of cash due to timing of collections (approximately $308.0 million), mainly from a one-time facility project in the Business   Industry sector, accrued expenses being a source of cash due to the impact of prior year medical insurance payments by switching from being self-insured to fully-insured (approximately $42.8 million), the timing of interest payments primarily from the 53rd week in fiscal 2014 (approximately $45.9 million); partially offset by lower accruals for commissions, mainly from a lost client in the Sports, Leisure and Corrections sector ($25.9 million) and prepayments being a source of cash primarily due to changes in the timing of income taxes (approximately $64.4 million), partially offset by accounts payable being a use of cash due to the timing of disbursements (approximately $108.9 million). 
  During fiscal 2015, we received proceeds of approximately $9.2 million from a retrospective refund under our casualty insurance program related to prior year favorable loss experience and cash distributions of approximately $22.2 million from AIM Services Co., Ltd. In addition, during fiscal 2015, we made voluntary contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of approximately $45.0 million. 
  During fiscal 2014, the increase in the total of net income and noncash charges compared to fiscal 2013 results mainly from the overall growth of the business, improved operating results of our segments and the estimated impact of the 53rd week, as discussed above. The change in working capital requirements relates to changes in Accrued Expenses (approximately $274.6 million), related to payments for severance and related costs from the series of actions undertaken during fiscal 2013, the timing of payments for interest, commissions and payroll due to the 53rd week and medical insurance payments due to switching from being self-insured to a private exchange, Accounts Receivable (approximately $118.2 million), primarily due to business growth, mainly from the one-time facility project in the Business   Industry sector, and an increase in days sales outstanding, Accounts Payable (approximately $64.8 million) due to timing of disbursements and the increase in employee payroll tax withholding payments from exercises of share-based awards and Prepayments and other current assets (approximately $28.4 million) due to a change in tax method that impacts the timing of deductions. The "Other operating activities" caption reflects adjustments to net income in the current year and prior year periods related to nonoperating gains and losses, including goodwill write-offs and impairments and other financing related charges. 
  Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
  Fiscal   2016   use of cash in investing activities increased approximately 35% compared with fiscal   2015   primarily due to the acquisitions of Avoca in the FSS International segment for approximately $65.8 million and HPSI, a group purchasing organization, in the FSS North America segment for $140.0 million, partially offset by lower net capital expenditures, which includes the proceeds from the sale of a building in our FSS North America segment of approximately $9.5 million. 
  Fiscal 2015 use of cash in investing activities was relatively stable compared with fiscal 2014 as the decline in fiscal 2015 of purchases of property and equipment, client contract investments and other and business acquisitions was offset by lower proceeds in fiscal 2015 from the disposal of property and equipment and divestitures.   
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

During fiscal 2014, the increase compared to fiscal 2013 in purchases of property and equipment, client contract investments and other mainly related to an increase in client contract investments resulting from new business wins and contract extensions, mainly within the Education sector. We also received proceeds of $24.0 million as a result of the sale of the Chalet in our Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector.  
  Cash Flows Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities 
  During   fiscal     2016  , cash used in financing activities was impacted by the following (see Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements); 
                
    repayment of approximately $82.0 million under the Receivables Facility;  
                
    repayment of a U.S. dollar denominated term loan of a Canadian subsidiary in the amount of $74.1 million; and 
                
    payment of approximately $92.1 million of dividends. 
     The "Other financing activities" in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows reflects a source of cash during fiscal 2016 from the excess tax benefit recorded on exercises of share-based awards which more than offset the call premium of $22.2 million paid on the 2020 Notes. The source of cash during fiscal 2015 is mainly from the excess tax benefit recorded on exercises of share-based awards. 
  During fiscal 2015, cash used in financing activities was impacted by the repayment of approximately $209.6 million on the senior secured term loan facility, payment of approximately $81.9 million of dividends and payment of approximately $48.5 million for a repurchase of 1.5 million shares of our common stock. This was partially offset by proceeds received of approximately $39.9 million related to stock option exercises, and other financing activities, which mainly reflects the excess tax benefit recorded on exercises of stock options of approximately $66.3 million. 
  During fiscal 2014, on December 17, 2013, the Company completed an IPO of 28.0 million shares of its common stock at a price of $20.00 per share raising approximately $524.1 million, net of costs directly related to the IPO. The Company used the net proceeds from the IPO to repay borrowings of approximately $154.1 million on the senior secured revolving credit facility and $370.0 million on the senior secured term loan facility. During fiscal 2014, we paid dividends of approximately $52.2 million to our stockholders. The "Other financing activities" caption reflects financing related fees, distributions to noncontrolling interests and the excess tax benefit recorded on exercises of share-based awards.  
  On February 24, 2014, Aramark Services, Inc. entered into an Amendment Agreement (the  2014 Amendment Agreement ) to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 26, 2010 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the  Credit Agreement ). The 2014 Amendment Agreement amended and restated the Credit Agreement effective as of February 24, 2014. Among other things, the 2014 Amendment Agreement provided for approximately $3,982.0 million in the aggregate of new term loans, $2,582.0 million of which have a maturity date of February 24, 2021, with an acceleration to December 13, 2019 if the 5.75% Senior Notes due March 15, 2020 remain outstanding on December 13, 2019, and $1,400.0 million of which have a maturity date of September 7, 2019. The new term loans were borrowed on February 24, 2014 and the proceeds were used to refinance Aramark Services, Inc.'s existing term loans due 2016 and 2019 (with the exception of term loans due 2016 borrowed by Aramark Services, Inc. s Canadian subsidiary in the amount of approximately $75.0 million). During fiscal 2014, approximately $22.9 million of lender fees and third-party costs directly attributable to the term loans of the 2014 Amendment Agreement were capitalized. The Company also recorded charges to "Interest and Other Financing Costs, net  during fiscal 2014 consisting of $13.1 million of third party costs and $12.6 million of non-cash charges for the write-off of deferred financing costs and original issue discount.  
  The 2014 Amendment Agreement also provided for the extension, from January 26, 2017 to February 24, 2019, of the maturity of $565.0 million in revolving lender commitments of the existing $605.0 million revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement. The 2014 Amendment Agreement also increased the revolving lender commitments by $165.0 million. During fiscal 2014, approximately $4.8 million of third-party costs directly attributable to the revolving credit facility of the 2014 Amendment Agreement were capitalized.  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

Covenant Compliance 
  The Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: incur additional indebtedness; issue preferred stock or provide guarantees; create liens on assets; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell assets; pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase our capital stock; make investments, loans or advances; repay or repurchase any notes, except as scheduled or at maturity; create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our restricted subsidiaries; make certain acquisitions; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend material agreements governing the notes (or any indebtedness that refinances the notes); and fundamentally change our business. The indentures governing our senior notes contains similar provisions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with these covenants. 
  Under the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes, we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other financial condition tests and covenants. Our continued ability to meet those financial ratios, tests and covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios, tests and covenants. 
  These financial ratios, tests and covenants involve the calculation of certain measures that we refer to in this discussion as  Covenant EBITDA  and  Covenant Adjusted EBITDA.  Covenant EBITDA and Covenant Adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. Covenant EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) of Aramark Services, Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries plus interest and other financing costs, net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Covenant Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Covenant EBITDA, further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance under our Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes. 
  Our presentation of these measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. You should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income or operating income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Covenant EBITDA and Covenant Adjusted EBITDA, as presented by us, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies because not all companies use identical calculations. 
  The following is a reconciliation of net income attributable to Aramark Services, Inc. stockholder, which is a U.S. GAAP measure of Aramark Services, Inc. s operating results, to Covenant Adjusted EBITDA as defined in our debt agreements. The terms and related calculations are defined in the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes. Covenant EBITDA and Covenant Adjusted EBITDA are measures of Aramark Services, Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries only and do not include the results of Aramark. 

(1) 
    Represents share-based compensation expense resulting from the application of accounting for stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and deferred stock unit awards (see Note 10 to the audited consolidated financial statements).  
              (2) 
    Fiscal 2015 includes other income of approximately $2.0 million related to our investment (possessory interest) at one of our National Parks Service ("NPS") client sites in our Sports, Leisure   Corrections sector and a net of tax gain of approximately $1.9 million related to the sale of a building in our Healthcare sector. Fiscal 2014 includes a loss of  
     
   38 

     Table of Contents  

approximately $6.7 million related to the sale of the Chalet, a gain from proceeds from the impact of Hurricane Sandy and other income related to our investment (possessory interest) at one of our NPS client sites.  
           (3) 
    Represents our estimated share of EBITDA, primarily from our AIM Services Co., Ltd. equity method investment not already reflected in our Covenant EBITDA. EBITDA for this equity method investee is calculated in a manner consistent with consolidated Covenant EBITDA but does not represent cash distributions received from this investee.  
              (4) 
    Represents the annualizing of net EBITDA from acquisitions made during the period.  
      Our covenant requirements and actual ratios for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows:    

           (1) 
    Our Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a maximum Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, defined as consolidated total indebtedness secured by a lien to Covenant Adjusted EBITDA, of   5.125x  . Consolidated total indebtedness secured by a lien is defined in the Credit Agreement as total indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement, capital leases, advances under the Receivables Facility and any other indebtedness secured by a lien reduced by the lesser of the amount of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet that is free and clear of any lien and $75 million. Non-compliance with the maximum Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio could result in the requirement to immediately repay all amounts outstanding under our Credit Agreement, which, if our revolving credit facility lenders failed to waive any such default, would also constitute a default under the indentures governing our senior notes.  
              (2) 
    Our Credit Agreement establishes an incurrence-based minimum Interest Coverage Ratio, defined as Covenant Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, the achievement of which is a condition for us to incur additional indebtedness and to make certain restricted payments. If we do not maintain this minimum Interest Coverage Ratio calculated on a pro forma basis for any such additional indebtedness or restricted payments, we could be prohibited from being able to incur additional indebtedness, other than the additional funding provided for under the Credit Agreement and pursuant to specified exceptions, and make certain restricted payments, other than pursuant to certain exceptions. The minimum Interest Coverage Ratio is   2.00x   for the term of the Credit Agreement. Consolidated interest expense is defined in the Credit Agreement as consolidated interest expense excluding interest income, adjusted for acquisitions and dispositions, further adjusted for certain non-cash or nonrecurring interest expense and our estimated share of interest expense from one equity method investee. The indentures governing our senior notes includes a similar requirement which is referred to as a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.  
     The Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates may from time to time, in their sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt securities (including any publicly issued debt securities), in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise, or extend or refinance any of our outstanding indebtedness.  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our future obligations for debt repayments, capital leases, estimated interest payments, future minimum rental and similar commitments under noncancelable operating leases as well as contingent obligations related to outstanding letters of credit and guarantees as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Excludes the   $46.3 million   reduction to long-term borrowings from debt discounts and deferred financing fees and the increase of   $17.8 million   from the unamortized premium on the New 2024 Notes. 
              (2) 
    These amounts represent future interest payments related to our existing debt obligations based on fixed and variable interest rates specified in the associated debt agreements. Payments related to variable debt are based on applicable rates at   September 30, 2016   plus the specified margin in the associated debt agreements for each period presented. The amounts provided relate only to existing debt obligations and do not assume the refinancing or replacement of such debt. The average debt balance for each fiscal year from   2017   through   2022   is $4,976.0 million, $4,950.3 million, $4,882.2 million, $3,930.6 million, $2,355.2 million and $1,400.0 million, respectively. The average interest rate (after giving effect to interest rate swaps) for each fiscal year from   2017   through   2022   is 3.02%, 3.46%, 3.73%, 3.93%, 4.35% and 4.99%, respectively (See Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements for the terms and maturities of existing debt obligations). 
              (3) 
    Represents commitments for capital projects and client contract investments to help finance improvements or renovations at the facilities from which we operate. 
              (4) 
    Includes certain unfunded employee retirement and severance related obligations. 
     We have excluded from the table above uncertain tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of the amount and period of payment. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have gross uncertain tax liabilities of   $22.8 million   (see Note 8 to the audited consolidated financial statements). During   fiscal     2016  , we made contributions totaling   $25.4 million   into our defined benefit pension plans and benefit payments and settlements of   $16.7 million   out of these plans. Estimated contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in   fiscal     2017   are   $5.9 million   and estimated benefit payments out of these plans in   fiscal     2017   are   $12.3 million   (see Note 7 to the audited consolidated financial statements). 
  We have an agreement (the "Receivables Facility") with   3   financial institutions where we sell on a continuous basis an undivided interest in all eligible accounts receivable, as defined in the Receivables Facility. Pursuant to the Receivables Facility, we formed ARAMARK Receivables, LLC, a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary. ARAMARK Receivables, LLC was formed for the sole purpose of transferring receivables generated by certain of our subsidiaries. Under the Receivables Facility, we and certain of our subsidiaries transfer without recourse all of their accounts receivable to ARAMARK Receivables, LLC. As collections reduce previously transferred interests, interests in new, eligible receivables are transferred to ARAMARK Receivables, LLC, subject to meeting certain conditions. The maximum amount available under the Receivables Facility is   $350.0 million  , which expires in May 2019. In addition, the Receivables Facility includes a seasonal tranche which will increase the capacity by   $50.0 million   at certain times of the year. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $268.0 million   was outstanding under the Receivables Facility and is included in  Long-Term Borrowings  in the Consolidated Balance Shee 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

ts. Amounts borrowed under the Receivables Facility fluctuate monthly based on our funding requirements and the level of qualified receivables available to collateralize the Receivables Facility.  
  Our business activities do not include the use of unconsolidated special purpose entities, and there are no significant business transactions that have not been reflected in the accompanying financial statements. We are self-insured for a limited portion of the risk retained under our general liability and workers  compensation arrangements. Self-insurance reserves are recorded based on actuarial analyses.  
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, as part of an initiative to simplify our corporate governance and organization, we reorganized our foreign affiliates into a holding company structure.  It is anticipated this will create administrative and managerial benefits and better align with intergroup and regional operations. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. As described in such notes, we recognize sales in the period in which services are provided pursuant to the terms of our contractual relationships with our clients. Sales from direct marketing activities are recognized upon shipment. 
  In preparing our financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that, among other things, affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are most significant where they involve levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or matters susceptible to change, and where they can have a material impact on our financial condition and operating performance. If actual results were to differ materially from the estimates made, the reported results could be materially affected. 
  Asset Impairment Determinations  
  Goodwill, the Aramark trade name and other trade names are indefinite lived intangible assets that are not amortizable and are subject to an impairment test that we conduct annually or more frequently if a change in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicates that potential impairment exists. The impairment test may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Examples of qualitative factors include, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, entity-specific events, events affecting reporting units and sustained changes in our stock price. If results of the qualitative assessment indicate a more likely than not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed, a quantitative test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value using a discounted cash flow approach of each reporting unit with its estimated net book value.  
  We perform the assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level. Within our FSS International segment, each country is evaluated separately since these operating units are relatively autonomous and separate goodwill balances have been recorded for each entity. Based on our evaluation performed in the fourth quarter of   fiscal     2016  , we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its respective carrying amount, and therefore, we determined that goodwill was not impaired. 
  With respect to our other long-lived assets, we are required to test for asset impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are present, we compare the sum of the future expected cash flows from the asset, undiscounted and without interest charges, to the asset s carrying value. If the sum of the future expected cash flows from the asset is less than the carrying value, an impairment would be recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset.  
  In making future cash flow analyses of various assets, we make assumptions relating to the following:  
             
    The intended use of assets and the expected future cash flows resulting directly from such use;  
                
    Comparable market valuations of businesses similar to Aramark's business segments;  
                
    Industry specific economic conditions;  
                
    Competitor activities and regulatory initiatives; and  
                
    Client and customer preferences and behavior patterns.  
     We believe that an accounting estimate relating to asset impairment is a critical accounting estimate because the assumptions underlying future cash flow estimates are subject to change from time to time and the recognition of an impairment could have a significant impact on our consolidated statement of income.  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Environmental Loss Contingencies  
  Accruals for environmental loss contingencies (i.e., environmental reserves) are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can reasonably be estimated. We view the measurement of environmental reserves as a critical accounting estimate because of the considerable uncertainty surrounding estimation, including the need to forecast well into the future. We are involved in legal proceedings under federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws in connection with our operations or businesses conducted by our predecessors or companies that we have acquired. The calculation of environmental reserves is based on the evaluation of currently available information, prior experience in the remediation of contaminated sites and assumptions with respect to government regulations and enforcement activity, changes in remediation technology and practices, and financial obligations and creditworthiness of other responsible parties and insurers.  
  Litigation and Claims  
  From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are party to various legal actions, proceedings and investigations involving claims incidental to the conduct of our businesses, including those brought by clients, consumers, employees, government entities and third parties under, among others, federal, state, international, national, provincial and local employment laws, wage and hour laws, discrimination laws, immigration laws, human health and safety laws, import and export controls and customs laws, environmental laws, false claims or whistleblower statutes, procurement regulations, intellectual property laws, food safety and sanitation laws, cost and accounting principles, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, other anti-corruption laws, lobbying laws, motor carrier safety laws, data privacy and security laws and alcohol licensing and service laws, or alleging negligence and/or breach of contractual and other obligations. We consider the measurement of litigation reserves as a critical accounting estimate because of the significant uncertainty in some cases relating to the outcome of potential claims or litigation and the difficulty of predicting the likelihood and range of potential liability involved, coupled with the material impact on our results of operations that could result from litigation or other claims. In determining legal reserves, we consider, among other issues: 
             
    interpretation of contractual rights and obligations;  
                
    the status of government regulatory initiatives, interpretations and investigations;  
                
    the status of settlement negotiations;  
                
    prior experience with similar types of claims;  
                
    whether there is available insurance; and  
                
    advice of counsel.  
     Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
  We encounter risks associated with sales and the collection of the associated accounts receivable. We record a provision for accounts receivable that are considered to be uncollectible. In order to calculate the appropriate provision, we analyze the creditworthiness of specific customers, aging of customer balances, general and specific industry economic conditions, industry concentrations, such as exposure to small and medium-sized businesses, the non-profit healthcare sector and the automotive, airline and financial services industries, and contractual rights and obligations. The accounting estimate related to the allowance for doubtful accounts is a critical accounting estimate because the underlying assumptions used for the allowance can change from time to time and uncollectible accounts could potentially have a material impact on our results of operations.  
  Inventory Obsolescence  
  We record an inventory obsolescence reserve for obsolete, excess and slow-moving inventory, principally in the Uniform segment. In calculating our inventory obsolescence reserve, we analyze historical and projected data regarding customer demand within specific product categories and make assumptions regarding economic conditions within customer specific industries, as well as style and product changes. Our accounting estimate related to inventory obsolescence is a critical accounting estimate because customer demand in certain of our businesses can be variable and changes in our reserve for inventory obsolescence could materially affect our results of operations.  
  Income Taxes  
  We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. We must make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current provision for income taxes and also our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against a deferred tax asset. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. Changes in tax law or our  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the amount of deferred income taxes take into account estimates of the amount of future taxable income, and actual operating results in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments and estimates inaccurate. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates.  
  *****  
  Critical accounting estimates and the related assumptions are evaluated periodically as conditions warrant, and changes to such estimates are recorded as new information or changed conditions require.  
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

New Accounting Standard Updates 
  See Note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a full description of recent accounting standard updates, including the expected dates of adoption. 
   
  Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
  We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes and manage this exposure through the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes and do not use leveraged instruments. The information below summarizes our market risks associated with debt obligations and other significant financial instruments as of   September 30, 2016   (see Notes 5 and 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements). Fair values were computed using market quotes, if available, or based on discounted cash flows using market interest rates as of the end of the respective periods. For debt obligations, the table presents principal cash flows and related interest rates by contractual fiscal year of maturity. Variable interest rates disclosed represent the weighted-average rates of the portfolio at   September 30, 2016  . For interest rate swaps, the table presents the notional amounts and related weighted-average interest rates by fiscal year of maturity. The variable rates presented are the average forward rates for the term of each contract. 

(a) 
    Balance includes   $268 million   of borrowings under the Receivables Facility. 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had foreign currency forward exchange contracts outstanding with notional amounts of    59.5 million  ,    72.3 million   and CAD   132.5 million   to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on short-term intercompany loans to certain international subsidiaries. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of these foreign exchange contracts is   $0.4 million  , which is included in "Accounts Payable" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The Company entered into a series of pay fixed/receive floating gasoline and diesel fuel agreements based on the Department of Energy weekly retail on-highway index in order to limit its exposure to price fluctuations for gasoline and diesel fuel. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has contracts for approximately   32.6 million   gallons outstanding for fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2018  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the Company s gasoline and diesel fuel hedge agreements is   $3.9 million  , which is included in "Prepayments and Other Current Assets" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
   
  Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
  See Financial Statements and Schedule beginning on page S-1. 
   
  Item 9.    Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
  Not applicable. 
  
   44 

Table of Contents  

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures 
  (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, are functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. A controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
  (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based upon criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, the Company's management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   September 30, 2016  . The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   has been audited by KPMG LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein on the following page. 
  (c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the Company s fourth quarter of fiscal   2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Aramark: 
  We have audited Aramark and subsidiaries  (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,  appearing in item 9A, Controls and Procedures. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Aramark and subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders  equity for each of the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014  , and our report dated   November 23, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
  /s/ KPMG LLP 
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  November 23, 2016 

46 

Table of Contents  

PART III 
   
  Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
  Information about our directors and persons nominated to become directors required by Item 10 will be included under the caption "Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Information about our executive officers is included under the caption  Executive Officers of the Registrant  in Part I of this report and incorporated herein.  
  Information on beneficial ownership reporting required by Item 10 will be included under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
  We have a Business Conduct Policy that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.aramark.com. A copy of our Business Conduct Policy may be obtained free of charge by writing to Investor Relations, Aramark, 1101 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107. Our Business Conduct Policy contains a "code of ethics," as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our code of ethics on our website. 
  The remaining information required by Item 10 will be included under the caption "Board Committees and Meetings" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  Item 11.    Executive Compensation 
  Information required by Item 11 will be included under the caption "Compensation Matters" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
  Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
  Information required by Item 12 will be included under the captions "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
  Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
  Information required by Item 13 will be included under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Director Independence and Independence Determinations" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
  Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
  Information required by Item 14 will be included under the caption "Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   47 

Table of Contents  

PART IV 
   
  Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
  (a)   Financial Statements 
  See Index to Financial Statements and Schedule at page S-1 and the Exhibit Index. 
  (b)   Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
  See the Exhibit Index which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  (c)   Financial Statement Schedules 
  See Index to Financial Statements and Schedule at page S-1. 
  
   48 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on   November 23, 2016  . 

Aramark 

By: 
      
    /s/ S  TEPHEN   P. B  RAMLAGE,   J  R. 

Name: 
      
    Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 

Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on   November 23, 2016  . 
                   Name 
      
    Capacity 

/s/ E  RIC   J.     F  OSS 
      
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
      Eric J. Foss 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ S  TEPHEN   P. B  RAMLAGE,   J  R. 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 
      
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ B  RIAN   P. P  RESSLER 
      
    Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
      Brian P. Pressler 
      
    (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ T  ODD   M. A  BBRECHT 
      
    Director 
      Todd M. Abbrecht 

/s/ L  AWRENCE   T. B  ABBIO  , J  R  . 
      
    Director 
      Lawrence T. Babbio, Jr. 

/s/ P  IERRE-  O  LIVIER   B  ECKERS-  V  IEUJANT 
      
    Director 
      Pierre-Olivier Beckers-Vieujant 

/s/ L  ISA   G. B  ISACCIA 
      
    Director 
      Lisa G. Bisaccia 

/s/ L  EONARD   S. C  OLEMAN  , J  R  . 
      
    Director 
      Leonard S. Coleman, Jr. 

/s/ R  ICHARD   D  REILING 
      
    Director 
      Richard Dreiling 

/s/ I  RENE   M. E  STEVES 
      
    Director 
      Irene M. Esteves 

/s/ D  ANIEL   J. H  EINRICH 
      
    Director 
      Daniel J. Heinrich 

/s/ S  ANJEEV   M  EHRA 
      
    Director 
      Sanjeev Mehra 

/s/ J  OHN   A. Q  UELCH 
      
    Director 
      John A. Quelch 

/s/ S  TEPHEN   S  ADOVE 
      
    Director 
      Stephen Sadove 

49 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 

S-1 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Aramark: 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Aramark and subsidiaries (the Company) as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders  equity for each of the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014  . In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aramark and subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014  , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated   November 23, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  /s/ KPMG LLP 
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  November 23, 2016 
  
   S-2 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   OCTOBER 2, 2015    
  (in thousands, except share amounts)    

Th  e accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
  
   S-3 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   OCTOBER 2, 2015   AND   OCTOBER 3, 2014    
  (in thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

S-4 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   OCTOBER 2, 2015   AND   OCTOBER 3, 2014    
  (in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   S-5 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   OCTOBER 2, 2015   AND   OCTOBER 3, 2014    
  (in thousands)    

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
  
   S-6 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  
  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   OCTOBER 2, 2015   AND   OCTOBER 3, 2014    
  (in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
  
   S-7 

Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 
  Aramark (the "Company") is a leading global provider of food, facilities and uniform services to education, healthcare, business   industry, and sports, leisure   corrections clients. The Company's core market is North America (composed of the United States and Canada), which is supplemented by an additional   17  -country footprint serving many of the fastest growing global geographies. The Company operates its business in   three   reportable segments that share many of the same operating characteristics:  
             
    Food and Support Services North America ("FSS North America") - Food, refreshment, specialized dietary and supports services, including facility maintenance and housekeeping, provided to business, educational and healthcare institutions and in sports, leisure and other facilities. 
                
    Food and Support Services International ("FSS International") - Food, refreshment, specialized dietary and support services, including facility maintenance and housekeeping, provided to business, educational and healthcare institutions and in sports, leisure and other facilities.  
                
    Uniform and Career Apparel ("Uniform") - Rental, sale, cleaning, maintenance and delivery of personalized uniforms and other textile items on a contract basis and direct marketing of personalized uniforms and accessories to clients in a wide range of industries, including manufacturing, transportation, construction, restaurants and hotels, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. We supply garments, other textile and paper products and other accessories through rental and direct purchase programs to businesses, public institutions and individuals.  
     On December 12, 2013, Aramark's common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ARMK" after its initial public offering ("IPO") of   28,000,000   shares of its common stock at a price of   $20.00   per share (see Note 9). 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its subsidiaries in which a controlling financial interest is maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. 
  Fiscal Year 
  The Company's fiscal year is the fifty-two or fifty-three week period which ends on the Friday nearest September 30th. The fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 were each fifty-two week periods and the fiscal year ended October 3, 2014 was a fifty-three week period. 
  New Accounting Standard Updates 
  In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standard update ("ASU") to require entities to recognize the income tax consequences of certain intercompany assets transfers at the transaction date. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pronouncement.  
  In August 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to address the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the Statement of Cash Flows. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pronouncement. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to update several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification of awards. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company expects to adopt the provisions of this ASU beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2017. As required under the update, the Company will prospectively adopt the provisions of this guidance related to the recognition of the excess tax benefits or deficiencies in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company will retrospectively adopt the provisions related to the changes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for all periods presented. The Company does not expect the provisions to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements except for the income tax impact, which will be dependent on the volume of future option exercise and award vesting activity.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets and to disclose key information about lease arrangements. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pronouncement. 
  
   S-8 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pronouncement. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes to require all deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The Company early adopted the guidance in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 on a prospective basis, resulting in a reclassification of approximately   $18.1 million   from "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" to "Deferred Income Taxes and Other Noncurrent Liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pronouncement. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued an ASU on debt issuance costs which requires presentation on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts, and will no longer be recorded as a separate asset. The Company early adopted the retrospective guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and approximately   $27.7 million   of debt issuance costs were reclassified from "Other Assets" to "Long-Term Borrowings" in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 2, 2015. 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued an ASU on stock compensation which requires that a performance target affecting vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company does not expect the pronouncement to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU on revenue from contracts with customers which outlines a single comprehensive model to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year, but to permit entities to adopt one year earlier if they choose (i.e., the original effective date). The guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. As the new standard will supersede most existing revenue guidance affecting the Company, it could impact revenue and cost recognition on contracts across all reportable segments. The Company has been closely monitoring the FASB activity related to the new standard and begun work to conclude on specific interpretative issues. The Company has also made progress on a comprehensive contract review project in order to develop a full understanding of the adoption impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
  In January 2014, the FASB issued an ASU which states that companies should not account for certain service concession arrangements with public-sector entities as leases and should not recognize the related infrastructure as property, plant and equipment. The Company adopted the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 which did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  The Company recognizes sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the fee is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. In each of the Company's operating segments, sales are recognized in the period in which services are provided pursuant to the terms of the Company's contractual relationships with its clients. The Company generally records sales on food and support services contracts (both profit and loss contracts and client interest contracts) on a gross basis as the Company is the primary obligor and service provider.  
  Certain profit and loss contracts include commissions paid to the client, typically calculated as a fixed or variable percentage of various categories of sales. In some cases these contracts require minimum guaranteed commissions. Commissions paid to clients are recorded in "Cost of services provided." 
  Sales from client interest contracts are generally comprised of amounts billed to clients for food, labor and other costs that the Company incurs, controls and pays for. Sales from client interest contracts also include any associated management fees, client subsidies or incentive fees based upon the Company's performance under the contract. Sales from direct marketing activities are recognized upon shipment. All sales related taxes are presented on a net basis.  
  Vendor Consideration 
  Consideration received from vendors includes rebates, allowances and volume discounts and are accounted for as an adjustment to the cost of the vendors' products or services and are reported as a reduction of "Cost of services provided," "Inventory," or "Property and Equipment." Income from rebates, allowances and volume discounts is recognized based on actual purchases in the fiscal period relative to total actual or forecasted purchases to be made over the contractual rebate period agreed to with the vendor. Rebates, allowances and volume discounts related to Inventory held at the balance sheet date are deducted from the  
  
   S-9 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

carrying value of these inventories. Rebates, allowances and volume discounts related to "Property and Equipment" are deducted from the costs capitalized.  
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 
  Comprehensive Income 
  Comprehensive income includes all changes to stockholders' equity during a period, except those resulting from investments by and distributions to stockholders. Components of comprehensive income include net income (loss), changes in foreign currency translation adjustments (net of tax), pension plan adjustments (net of tax), changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges (net of tax) and changes to the share of any equity investees' comprehensive income (net of tax).  
  The summary of the components of comprehensive income (loss) is as follows (in thousands): 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of the following (in thousands):  

S-10 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Currency Translation 
  Gains and losses resulting from the translation of financial statements of non-U.S. subsidiaries are reflected as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. Transaction gains and losses included in operating results for fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   were not material. 
  Current Assets 
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (principally the first-in, first-out method) or market. Personalized work apparel, linens and other rental items in service are recorded at cost and are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which primarily range from   one   to   four   years. The amortization rates used are based on the Company's specific experience. 
  The components of inventories are as follows: 

Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. Gains and losses on dispositions are included in operating results. Maintenance and repairs are charged to current operations, and replacements and significant improvements that extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized. The estimated useful lives for the major categories of property and equipment are   10   to   40   years for buildings and improvements and   3   to   10   years for service equipment and fixtures. Depreciation expense during fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   was   $234.8 million  ,   $226.6 million  , and   $239.9 million  , respectively.  
  During fiscal 2016, the Company received proceeds of approximately   $9.5 million   related to the sale of a building within the FSS North America segment, resulting in a loss of approximately   $5.1 million  , which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statement of Income. During fiscal 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge of approximately   $8.7 million  , which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statement of Income, to write down the book value of this building to its estimated fair value at the time. Also during fiscal 2015, the Company received proceeds of approximately   $9.8 million   related to the sale of another of its buildings within the FSS North America segment, resulting in a gain of approximately   $3.1 million  . Also during fiscal 2016, the Company recorded an impairment charge of approximately   $6.0 million  , which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income, to write off certain idle service equipment in the Uniform segment.  
  Other Assets 
  The following table presents details of "Other Assets" as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 
   
                (1) 
    Client contract investments generally represent a cash payment provided by the Company to help finance improvement or renovation at the facility from which the Company operates. These amounts are amortized over the contract period. If a contract is terminated prior to its maturity date, the Company is reimbursed for the unamortized client contract investment amount. Amortization expense was $142.5 million, $128.8 million and $106.2 million during fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. 
      (2) 
    Miscellaneous investments represent investments in 50% or less owned entities. 
      (3) 
    Computer software costs represent capitalized costs incurred to purchase or develop software for internal use, and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally a period of three to seven years. 
      (4) 
    Other consists of noncurrent deferred tax assets, pension assets and deferred financing costs on certain revolving credit facilities. 

S-11 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company's principal equity method investment is its   50%   ownership interest in AIM Services Co., Ltd., a Japanese food and support services company (approximately   $181.4 million   and   $152.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, which is included in "Other Assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets). Summarized financial information for AIM Services Co., Ltd. follows (in thousands):  

The period to period comparisons of the summarized financial information for AIM Services Co., Ltd., presented in U.S. dollars above, is impacted by currency translation. The Company's equity in undistributed earnings of AIM Services Co., Ltd. is recorded as a reduction of "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of   Income  .  
  Other Accrued Expenses and Liabilities 
  The following table presents details of "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

Deferred Income Taxes and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
  The following table presents details of "Deferred Income Taxes and Other Noncurrent Liabilities" as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

Share-Based Compensation 
  The Company recognizes compensation cost related to share-based payment transactions in the consolidated financial statements. The cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employee's requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity award). See Note 10 for additional information on share-based compensation. 
  
   S-12 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information   

  Significant noncash activities follow: 
             
    During fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014  , the Company executed capital lease transactions. The present value of the future rental obligations was approximately   $36.4 million  ,   $17.9 million   and   $16.6 million   for the respective periods, which is included in property and equipment and long-term borrowings. 
                 
    During fiscal 2014, obligations related to client contract investments of approximately   $57.2 million   were unpaid at October 3, 2014 and included in other assets and accounts payable. 
      
  NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES:    
  Acquisitions 
  HPSI 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company acquired the assets of HPSI, a group purchasing organization, in its FSS North America segment for cash consideration of   $140.0 million  . The sales, net income, assets and liabilities of HPSI did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  Avoca Handweavers Limited 
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed the purchase of Avoca Handweavers Limited ("Avoca"), an Irish retail and cafe business, for cash consideration of approximately   $65.8 million   (approximately   $59.2 million  , net of cash acquired). The sales, net income, assets and liabilities of Avoca did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  Divestitures 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company announced it had made the decision to exit certain operations within the FSS International segment. The Company expects to exit these operations in the first half of fiscal 2017. As a result of this action, the Company incurred charges of approximately   $0.6 million   and   $14.6 million   during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. For fiscal 2015, these charges consisted of severance charges (approximately   $4.4 million  ), asset write-downs (approximately   $8.0 million  ) and certain other exit costs (approximately   $2.2 million  ). The Company recorded these charges in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Aramark India Private Limited 
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company completed the sale of Aramark India Private Limited ("India"), resulting in a pretax loss of approximately   $4.3 million   (after tax gain of approximately   $1.8 million   due to the tax basis exceeding the book basis of the subsidiary), which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2015. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of its India subsidiary. The results of operations and cash flows associated with the India subsidiary divestiture were not material to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income and Cash Flows. 
  McKinley Chalet Hotel 
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company completed the sale of its McKinley Chalet Hotel (the "Chalet") located adjacent to Denali National Park for approximately   $24.0 million   in cash. The transaction resulted in a pretax loss of approximately   $6.7 million   (net of tax loss of approximately   $9.1 million  ), which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2014. The pretax loss includes a write-off of an allocation of goodwill of approximately   $12.8 million  . The results of operations and cash flows associated with the Chalet divestiture were not material to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income and Cash Flows. 
  
   S-13 

Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3. SEVERANCE AND ASSET WRITE-DOWNS: 
  During fiscal 2014, as a result of additional cost saving and refinements and the continuation of productivity initiatives to the Company's original plans developed in fiscal 2013 for consolidation and centralization initiatives and actual attrition of the workforce, the Company recorded net severance charges of approximately   $21.3 million  . 
  During fiscal 2015, as part of the next phase related to streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Company's selling, general and administrative functions, the Company incurred net severance charges of approximately   $23.1 million   (exclusive of the severance charges incurred related to the exit of certain operations within the FSS International segment- see Note 2). In addition, during fiscal 2015, the Company recorded charges of approximately   $6.0 million   to write-off service equipment from the decline in its Canadian remote services business within its FSS North America segment, which is included in "Cost of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  During fiscal 2016, the Company continued and refined its focus on streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of its selling, general and administrative functions. As a result, the Company recorded net severance charges of approximately   $24.9 million   during fiscal 2016. 
  The following table summarizes the unpaid obligations for severance and related costs as of   September 30, 2016  , which are included in "Accrued payroll and related expenses" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unpaid obligations are expected to be paid during fiscal 2017. 

NOTE 4. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS:  
  Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of consideration paid for an acquired entity over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized and is subject to an impairment test that the Company conducts annually, or more frequently if a change in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicates that potential impairment exists, using discounted cash flows. The Company performs its assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level. Within the FSS International segment, each country is evaluated separately since such operating units are relatively autonomous and separate goodwill balances have been recorded for each entity. The Company has completed its annual goodwill impairment test for fiscal   2016  , which determined goodwill was not impaired. The Company performs its annual impairment test as of the end of the fiscal month of August.  
  Goodwill, allocated by segment, is as follows (in thousands): 

Other intangible assets consist of (in thousands):  

During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, as part of the Avoca acquisition, the Company acquired a trade name with a value of approximately   $14.5 million  . During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, as part of the HPSI acquisition, the Company acquired, with preliminary values, a trade name of approximately   $21.1 million   and customer relationship assets of approximately   $64.0 million  . Acquisition-related intangible assets consist of customer relationship assets and the Aramark, Avoca, HPSI and other trade names. Customer relationship assets are being amortized principally on a straight-line basis over the expected period of  
  
   S-14 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

benefit,   3   to   24   years, with a weighted average life of approximately   13   years. The Aramark, Avoca and HPSI trade names are indefinite lived intangible assets and are not amortizable but are evaluated for impairment at least annually. The Company completed its annual trade name impairment test for fiscal   2016  , which did not result in an impairment charge. Amortization of intangible assets for fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   was approximately   $99 million  ,   $133 million   and   $158 million  , respectively.  
  Based on the recorded balances at   September 30, 2016  , total estimated amortization of all acquisition-related intangible assets for fiscal years   2017   through   2021   follows (in thousands): 

NOTE 5. BORROWINGS:  
  Long-term borrowings, net, are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $379.0   million of outstanding foreign currency borrowings.  
  Senior Secured Credit Agreement 
  Senior Secured Term Loan Facilities 
  The senior secured term loan facilities consist of the following subfacilities as of   September 30, 2016  : 
               
    A Canadian dollar denominated term loan to a Canadian subsidiary in the amount of CAD  33.0 million   (approximately   $25.2 million   due 2021); 
       The primary borrower under the senior secured credit facilities is Aramark Services, Inc. (the "Issuer"). In addition, certain subsidiaries of the Issuer are borrowers under certain subfacilities of the term loan facilities and/or the revolving credit facility. The Company is not a guarantor under the senior secured credit facilities and is not subject to the covenants or obligations under the senior secured credit agreement.  
  
   S-15 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
  The senior secured revolving credit facility consists of the following subfacilities as of   September 30, 2016  : 
             
    A revolving credit facility available for loans in U.S. dollars to the Issuer with aggregate commitments of   $680.0 million   (due February 24, 2019); and 
                
    A revolving credit facility available for loans in Canadian dollars or U.S. dollars to the Issuer or a Canadian subsidiary with aggregate commitments of   $50.0 million   (due February 24, 2019). 
     Senior Secured Credit Agreement, as Amended 
  All U.S. dollar denominated term loans have an applicable margin of   2.50%   for eurocurrency (LIBOR) borrowings, subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  , and an applicable margin of   1.50%   for base-rate borrowings, subject to a minimum base rate of   1.75%  . The yen denominated and euro denominated term loans have an applicable margin of   2.75%  , subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  , and the sterling denominated terms loans have an applicable margin of   3.25%  , subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  . The applicable margin spread for the U.S. dollar borrowings under the   $680.0 million   of extended revolving credit commitments is   2.50%   with respect to LIBOR borrowings and   1.50%   with respect to base rate borrowings. The applicable margin spread for Canadian dollar borrowings under the revolving credit facility are for BA (bankers' acceptance) rate borrowings and   1.50%   for base rate borrowings. U.S. and Canadian swingline loans must be base rate borrowings. The term loans due on February 24, 2021 were borrowed with an original issue discount of   0.50%  . The term loans due on September 7, 2019 were borrowed with an original issue discount of   0.25%  .  
  In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee rate is   0.50%   per annum.  
  The Company's revolving credit facility includes a   $250.0 million   sublimit for letters of credit and includes borrowing capacity available for short-term borrowings referred to as swingline loans subject to a sublimit.  
  The senior secured credit facilities provide that the Company has the right at any time to request up to   $555.0 million   of incremental commitments in the aggregate under one or more incremental term loan facilities and/or synthetic letter of credit facilities and/or revolving credit facilities and/or by increasing commitments under the revolving credit facility. The lenders under these facilities are not under any obligation to provide any such incremental facilities or commitments, and any such addition of or increase in facilities or commitments will be subject to pro forma compliance with an incurrence-based financial covenant and customary conditions precedent. Our ability to obtain extensions of credit under these incremental facilities or commitments is subject to the same conditions as extensions of credit under the existing credit facilities. 
  The Company recorded charges to "Interest and Other Financing Costs, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Income during fiscal 2014 consisting of   $13.1 million   of third-party costs and   $12.6 million   of non-cash charges for the write-off of deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to senior secured credit agreement refinancing activity during fiscal 2014.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $713.5 million   available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility. 
  Prepayments and Amortization 
  The senior secured credit agreement requires us to prepay outstanding term loans, subject to certain exceptions, with:  
             
    50%   of the Issuer's annual excess cash flow (as defined in the senior secured credit agreement) with stepdowns to   25%   and   0%   upon the Issuer's reaching certain consolidated leverage ratio thresholds;  
                
    100%   of the net cash proceeds of all nonordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property subject to certain exceptions and customary reinvestment rights; and 
                
    100%   of the net cash proceeds of any incurrence of debt, including debt incurred by any business securitization subsidiary in respect of any business securitization facility, but excluding proceeds from the receivables facilities and other debt permitted under the senior secured credit agreement. 
     The foregoing mandatory prepayments will be applied to the term loan facilities as directed by us. The Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the senior secured credit facilities at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary "breakage" costs with respect to LIBOR loans. Prepaid term loans may not be reborrowed.  
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company repaid a U.S. dollar denominated term loan of a Canadian subsidiary, due July 2016, that had been borrowed under the Company's senior secured credit agreement in the amount of   $74.1 million  . The Company made optional prepayments of approximately   $160.0 million   and   $157.0 million   of outstanding U.S. dollar term loans, during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. 
  
   S-16 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

If a change of control as defined in the senior secured credit agreement occurs, this will cause an event of default under the credit agreement. Upon an event of default, the senior secured credit facilities may be accelerated, in which case the Company would be required to repay all outstanding loans plus accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. 
  The Company is required to repay installments on the loans under the term loan facilities in quarterly principal amounts of   1.00%   per annum of their funded total principal amount. This requirement does not apply to the 2019 Term Loans due to the principal prepayments made by the Company. 
  Guarantees and Certain Covenants 
  All obligations under the senior secured credit agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Aramark Intermediate HoldCo Corporation and, subject to certain exceptions, substantially all of the Issuer's existing and future domestic subsidiaries (excluding certain immaterial and dormant subsidiaries, receivables facility subsidiaries, business securitization subsidiaries and certain subsidiaries designated under our senior secured credit agreement as "unrestricted subsidiaries"), referred to, collectively, as U.S. Guarantors. All obligations of each foreign borrower under the senior secured credit facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer, the U.S. guarantors and, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, the respective other foreign borrowers. All obligations under the senior secured credit facilities, and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured by (i) a pledge of   100%   of the capital stock of the Issuer, (ii) pledges of   100%   of the capital stock held by the Issuer, Aramark Intermediate HoldCo Corporation or any of the U.S. Guarantors and (iii) a security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all tangible assets of Aramark Intermediate HoldCo Coporation, the Issuer or any of the U.S. Guarantors. 
  The senior secured credit agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the Issuer's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; issue preferred stock or provide guarantees; create liens on assets; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell assets; pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase its capital stock; make investments, loans or advances; repay or repurchase any notes, except as scheduled or at maturity; create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other transfers to the Issuer from its restricted subsidiaries; make certain acquisitions; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend material agreements governing the Issuer's outstanding notes (or any indebtedness that refinances the notes); and fundamentally change the Issuer's business. In addition, the senior secured revolving credit facility requires the Issuer to maintain a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and imposes limitations on capital expenditures. The senior secured credit agreement also contains certain customary affirmative covenants, such as financial and other reporting, and certain events of default. At   September 30, 2016  , the Issuer was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
  The senior secured credit agreement requires the Issuer to maintain a maximum Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, defined as consolidated total indebtedness secured by a lien to Covenant Adjusted EBITDA, of   5.125  x. Consolidated total indebtedness secured by a lien is defined in the senior secured credit agreement as total indebtedness outstanding under the senior secured credit agreement, capital leases, advances under the Receivables Facility and any other indebtedness secured by a lien reduced by the lesser of the amount of cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheet that is free and clear of any lien and   $75 million  . Non-compliance with the maximum Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio could result in the requirement to immediately repay all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit agreement, which, if the Issuer's revolving credit facility lenders failed to waive any such default, would also constitute a default under the indentures governing the senior notes. The actual ratio at   September 30, 2016   was   2.64  x. 
  The senior secured credit agreement establishes an incurrence-based minimum Interest Coverage Ratio, defined as Covenant Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, as a condition for the Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and to make certain restricted payments. The minimum Interest Coverage Ratio is   2.00  x for the term of the senior secured credit agreement. If the Issuer does not maintain this minimum Interest Coverage Ratio calculated on a pro forma basis for any such additional indebtedness or restricted payments, it could be prohibited from being able to incur additional indebtedness, other than the additional funding provided for under the senior secured credit agreement and pursuant to specified exceptions, and make certain restricted payments, other than pursuant to certain exceptions. Consolidated interest expense is defined in the senior secured credit agreement as consolidated interest expense excluding interest income, adjusted for acquisitions and dispositions, further adjusted for certain non-cash or nonrecurring interest expense and the Issuer's estimated share of interest expense from one equity method investee. The actual ratio was   4.51  x for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   S-17 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Senior Notes 
  5.75%   Senior Notes due 2020  
  On March 7, 2013, the Issuer issued   $1,000 million   of   5.75%   Senior Notes due March 15, 2020 (the "2020 Notes") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 7, 2013 (the "2020 Notes Indenture"), entered into by the Issuer, the Company and certain other Aramark entities, as guarantors of the 2020 Notes, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The 2020 Notes were issued at par. The 2020 Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The 2020 Notes rank equal in right of payment to all of the Issuer's existing and future senior debt and senior in right of payment to all of the Issuer's existing and future debt that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by substantially all of the domestic subsidiaries of the Issuer. Interest on the 2020 Notes is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2020 Notes and the guarantees thereof are effectively subordinated to the Issuer's existing and future secured debt and that of the existing guarantors to the 2020 Notes, including all indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. The 2020 Notes and the guarantees thereof are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2020 Notes. The Company is a guarantor of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the 2020 Notes. 
  In the event of certain types of changes of control, the holders of the 2020 Notes may require the Issuer to purchase for cash all or a portion of their 2020 Notes at a purchase price equal to   101%   of the principal amount of such 2020 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. Beginning March 15, 2015, the Issuer has the option to redeem all or a portion of the 2020 Notes at any time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture.  
  The 2020 Notes Indenture contains covenants limiting the Issuer's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; pay dividends and make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; create certain liens; sell assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; limit the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets; and designate the Issuer's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. The 2020 Notes Indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on the 2020 Notes to become or to be declared due and payable.  
  5.125%   Senior Notes due 2024 and   4.75%   Senior Notes due 2026 
  On December 17, 2015, the Issuer issued   $400 million   of   5.125%   Senior Notes due January 15, 2024 (the "Original 2024 Notes"), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of December 17, 2015 (the "Base Indenture"), entered into by the Issuer, the Company and certain other Aramark entities, as guarantors of the Original 2024 Notes, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The Original 2024 Notes were issued at par and the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to reduce the outstanding balance under the Company's revolving credit facility. The Company paid approximately   $6.0 million   in financing fees related to the offering of the Original 2024 Notes. 
  On May 31, 2016, the Issuer issued   $1,000 million   aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, consisting of   $500 million   of additional   5.125%   Senior Notes due January 15, 2024 (the "New 2024 Notes") and   $500 million   of   4.75%   Senior Notes due June 1, 2026 (the "2026 Notes" and, together with the New 2024 Notes, the "Issued Notes"). The New 2024 Notes constitute a further issuance of the Original 2024 Notes (together with the New 2024 Notes, the "2024 Notes" and, together with the 2026 Notes, the "Notes"). The New 2024 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the supplemental indenture, dated as of May 31, 2016 (the "Supplemental Indenture" and together with the Base Indenture, the "2024 Notes Indenture"), entered into by the Issuer, the Company and certain other Aramark entities, as guarantors of the New 2024 Notes, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to the indenture, dated as of May 31, 2016 (the "2026 Notes Indenture"), entered into by the Issuer, the Company and certain other Aramark entities, as guarantors of the 2026 Notes and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The New 2024 Notes were issued at a premium of   $18.8 million  , which created an effective yield of   4.6%  . The premium was recorded to "Long-Term Borrowings" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be amortized to "Interest and Other Financing Costs, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Income until maturity in 2024.  
  The 2026 Notes were issued at par. The net proceeds from the Issued Notes and premium from the New 2024 Notes were used to repay   $194.1 million   of 2019 Term Loans, redeem   $771.2 million   principal of the 2020 Notes, pay a   $22.2 million   call premium on the 2020 Notes that were redeemed during fiscal 2016, pay   $11.1 million   of accrued interest on the 2020 Notes and fees and costs associated with the offering of the Issued Notes. As a result of the issuance of the Issued Notes, the Company recorded charges in fiscal 2016 of approximately   $30.2 million  , to "Interest and Other Financing Costs, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Income, consisting of   $22.2 million   for the call premium on the 2020 Notes that were redeemed during fiscal 2016 and   $8.0 million   of non-cash charges for the write-off of debt issuance costs and debt discount on the 2020 Notes and 2019 Term Loans. The Company also paid approximately   $14.2 million   in debt issuance costs spread evenly between the Issued Notes, which were recorded as a reduction to "Long-Term Borrowings" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  
   S-18 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Notes rank equal in right of payment to all of the Issuer's existing and future senior debt and senior in the right of payment to the Issuer's future debt and other obligations that are expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by the Company and substantially all of the domestic subsidiaries of the Issuer. The Notes and the guarantees thereof are effectively subordinated to all existing and future secured debt of the Issuer and the guarantors, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt, and structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes. Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year. Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable on June 1 and December 1 of each year. 
  The 2024 Notes Indenture and 2026 Notes Indenture contain covenants limiting the Issuer's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; pay dividends and make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; create certain liens; sell assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; limit the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets; and designate the Issuer's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. They also provide for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on the Notes to become or to be declared due and payable. 
  Registration Rights Agreement 
  On May 31, 2016, the Issuer, the Company and the other guarantors entered into a registration rights agreement (the "New 2024 Notes Registration Rights Agreement") with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the several initial purchasers, with respect to the New 2024 Notes and a registration rights agreement (the "2026 Notes Registration Rights Agreement" and together with the New 2024 Notes Registration Agreement, the "Registration Rights Agreements") with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of several initial purchasers, with respect to the 2026 Notes. In each of the Registration Rights Agreements, the Issuer agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to (1) file an exchange offer registration statement pursuant to which the Issuer will offer exchange notes with terms identical in all material respects to, and evidencing the same indebtedness as, the applicable series of Issued Notes, in exchange for such series of Issued Notes (but which exchange notes will not contain terms with respect to transfer restrictions, registration rights or provide for the additional interest described below); and (2) cause the exchange offer registration statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Issuer has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the exchange offers to be consummated or, if required, to have one or more shelf registration statements declared effective, within 270 days after the issue date of the Issued Notes. 
  If the Company fails to satisfy this obligation (a "registration default"), the annual interest rate on the New 2024 Notes or the 2026 Notes, as applicable, will increase by   0.25%  . The annual interest rate on the New 2024 Notes or the 2026 Notes, as applicable, will increase by an additional   0.25%   for each subsequent 90-day period during which the registration default continues, up to a maximum additional interest rate of   1.00%   per year over the applicable interest rate in the 2024 Notes Indenture or 2026 Notes Indenture, as applicable. If the registration default is corrected, the applicable interest rate on the New 2024 Notes or the 2026 Notes, as applicable, will revert to the original level. 
  Future Maturities and Interest and Other Financing Costs, net 
  At   September 30, 2016  , annual maturities on long-term borrowings maturing in the next five fiscal years and thereafter (excluding the   $46.3 million   reduction to long-term borrowings from debt discounts and deferred financing fees and the increase of   $17.8 million   from the premium on the New 2024 Notes) are as follows (in thousands): 

S-19 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The components of interest and other financing costs, net, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

NOTE 6. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS:  
  The Company enters into contractual derivative arrangements to manage changes in market conditions related to interest on debt obligations, foreign currency exposures and exposure to fluctuating gasoline and diesel fuel prices. Derivative instruments utilized during the period include interest rate swap agreements, foreign currency forward exchange contracts, and gasoline and diesel fuel agreements. All derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each quarter. The counterparties to the Company's contractual derivative agreements are all major international financial institutions. The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by these counterparties. The Company continually monitors its positions and the credit ratings of its counterparties, and does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties. For designated hedging relationships, the Company formally documents the hedging relationship and its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged, how the hedging instrument's effectiveness in offsetting the hedged risk will be assessed prospectively and retrospectively, and a description of the method of measuring ineffectiveness. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting cash flows of hedged items.  
  Cash Flow Hedges  
  The Company has   $2.4 billion   notional amount of outstanding interest rate swap agreements, fixing the rate on a like amount of variable rate borrowings. During fiscal   2016  ,   $0.5 billion   of interest rate swap agreements matured. 
  Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as and meets all the required criteria for a cash flow hedge are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings as the underlying hedged item affects earnings. As of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , approximately   ($36.4) million   and   ($43.3) million   of unrealized net of tax losses related to the interest rate swaps were included in "Accumulated other comprehensive loss," respectively. The hedge ineffectiveness for these cash flow hedging instruments during   fiscal     2016  ,   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   was not material.  
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company repaid a U.S. dollar denominated term loan of a Canadian subsidiary in the amount of   $74.1 million  . As a result of this repayment, the Company terminated its   $74.1 million   of outstanding amortizing cross currency swap agreements, which resulted in a pre-tax charge of approximately   $1.1 million   recorded to "Interest and Other Financing Costs, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The termination of these agreements resulted in the Company receiving   $5.7 million   of proceeds.  
  The following table summarizes the effect of our derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments (effective portion) on Other comprehensive loss (in thousands):  

Derivatives not Designated in Hedging Relationships 
  The Company entered into a series of pay fixed/receive floating gasoline and diesel fuel agreements based on the Department of Energy weekly retail on-highway index in order to limit its exposure to price fluctuations for gasoline and diesel fuel. During   fiscal     2016  , the Company entered into contracts for approximately   34.7 million   gallons. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has contracts for approximately   32.6 million   gallons outstanding for   fiscal     2017   and   fiscal     2018  . The Company does not record its gasoline and diesel fuel agreements as hedges for accounting purposes. The impact on earnings related to the change in fair value of these unsettled contracts was a   gain   of approximately   $8.1 million   and a   loss   of approximately   ($2.6) million   for   fiscal     2016   and   fiscal     2015  , respectively. The impact on earnings related to the change in fair value of these  
  
   S-20 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

contracts for   fiscal     2014   was not material. The change in fair value for unsettled contracts is included in "Selling and general corporate expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. When the contracts settle, the gain or loss is recorded to "Costs of services provided" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had foreign currency forward exchange contracts outstanding with notional amounts of    59.5 million  ,    72.3 million   and CAD  132.5 million   to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on short-term intercompany loans to certain international subsidiaries. Gains and losses on these foreign currency exchange contracts are recognized in income as the contracts were not designated as hedging instruments, substantially offsetting currency transaction gains and losses on the short-term intercompany loans.  
  The following table summarizes the location and fair value, using Level 2 inputs (see Note 16 for a description of the fair value levels), of the Company's derivatives designated and not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands):  

S-21 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table summarizes the location of (gain) loss reclassified from "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" into earnings for derivatives designated as hedging instruments and the location of (gain) loss for our derivatives not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated Statements of   Income   (in thousands):  

The Company has a Japanese yen denominated term loan in the amount of    4,916.3 million  . The term loan was designated as a hedge of the Company's net Japanese currency exposure represented by the equity investment in our Japanese affiliate, AIM Services Co., Ltd. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the net of tax loss expected to be reclassified from "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" into earnings over the next twelve months based on current market rates is approximately   $12.5 million  .  
   
  NOTE 7. EMPLOYEE PENSION AND PROFIT SHARING PLANS: 
  In the United States, the Company maintains qualified contributory and non-contributory defined contribution retirement plans for eligible employees, with Company contributions to the plans based on earnings performance or salary level. The Company also has a non-qualified retirement savings plan for certain employees. The total expense of the above plans for   fiscal     2016  ,   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   was   $32.4 million  ,   $29.0 million   and   $27.7 million  , respectively. The Company also maintains similar contributory and non-contributory defined contribution retirement plans at several of its international operations, primarily in Canada and the United Kingdom. The total expense of these international plans for   fiscal     2016  ,   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   was   $9.4 million  ,   $8.5 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively.  
  The following table sets forth the components of net periodic pension cost for the Company's single-employer defined benefit pension plans for   fiscal     2016  ,   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   (in thousands): 

S-22 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table set forth changes in the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for these plans (in thousands): 

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of the following (in thousands): 

The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine pension expense of the respective fiscal years: 

The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine the funded status of the respective fiscal years: 

Assumptions, including discount rate, expected return on assets, compensation increases and health care trends, are adjusted annually, as necessary, based on prevailing market conditions and actual experience. The Company has elected to use a spot-rate approach for the discount rate used in the calculation of pension interest and service cost for fiscal 2017 and beyond. The spot-rate approach applies separate discount rates for each projected benefit payment in the calculation. Historically, the  
  
   S-23 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Company used a weighted-average approach to determine the appropriate discount rate. The impact of the change is not material to the consolidated financial statements.  
  The accumulated benefit obligation as of   September 30, 2016   was   $316.5 million  . During   fiscal     2016  , actuarial losses of approximately   $39.6 million   were recognized in other comprehensive loss (before taxes) and   $1.6 million   of amortization of actuarial losses was recognized as net periodic pension cost during such period. The estimated portion of net actuarial loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of   September 30, 2016   expected to be recognized in net periodic pension cost during   fiscal   2017 is approximately   $4.3 million   (before taxes). 
  The accumulated benefit obligation as of   October 2, 2015   was   $279.6 million  . During   fiscal     2015  , actuarial losses of approximately   $5.0 million   were recognized in other comprehensive (loss) (before taxes) and   $1.6 million   of amortization of actuarial losses was recognized as net periodic pension cost during such period. 
  The following table sets forth information for the Company's single-employer pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   (in thousands): 

The significant change for the accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets between years relates to the U.K. plan. 
  Assets of the plans are invested with the goal of principal preservation and enhancement over the long-term. The primary goal is total return, consistent with prudent investment management. The Company's investment policies also require an appropriate level of diversification across the asset categories. The current overall capital structure and targeted ranges for asset classes are   50  -  70  % invested in equity securities,   25  -  50  % invested in debt securities and   0  -  5%   in real estate investments. Performance of the plans is monitored on a regular basis and adjustments of the asset allocations are made when deemed necessary. 
  The weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets has been determined based on an estimated weighted-average of long-term returns of major asset classes, taking into account historical performance of plan assets, the current interest rate environment, plan demographics, acceptable risk levels and the estimated value of active asset management. 
  The fair value of plan assets for the Company's defined benefit pension plans as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   is as follows (see Note 16 for a description of the fair value levels) (in thousands): 

The fair value of the investment funds is based on the value of the underlying assets, as reported to the Plan by the trustees. They are comprised of a portfolio of underlying securities that can be valued based on trading information on active markets. Fair value is calculated by applying the Plan's percentage ownership in the fund to the total market value of the account's  
  
   S-24 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

underlying securities, and is therefore categorized as Level 2 as the Plan does not directly own shares in these underlying investments. Investments in equity securities include publicly-traded domestic companies (approximately   30%  ) and international companies (approximately   70%  ) that are diversified across industry, country and stock market capitalization. Investments in fixed income securities include domestic (approximately   5%  ) and international (approximately   95%  ) corporate bonds and government securities. Substantially all of the real estate investments are in international markets. Cash and cash equivalents include direct cash holdings, which are valued based on cost, and short-term deposits and investments in money market funds for which fair value measurements are all based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are active. 
  It is the Company's policy to fund at least the minimum required contributions as outlined in the required statutory actuarial valuation for each plan. The Company made voluntary pension contributions above the minimum required of approximately   $19.8 million   and   $45.0 million   during   fiscal     2016   and   fiscal     2015  , respectively. The following table sets forth the benefits expected to be paid in the next five fiscal years and in aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter by the Company's defined benefit pension plans (in thousands): 

The estimated benefit payments above are based on assumptions about future events. Actual benefit payments may vary significantly from these estimates. 
  The expected contributions to be paid to the Company's defined benefit pension plans during   fiscal     2017   are approximately   $5.9 million  . 
  Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
  The Company contributes to a number of multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements ("CBA") that cover its union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following respects: 
           a. 
    Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
              b. 
    If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
              c. 
    If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
     
   S-25 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company's participation in these plans for   fiscal     2016   is outlined in the table below. The "EIN/Pension Plan Number" column provides the Employee Identification Number (EIN) and the three-digit plan number, if applicable. Unless otherwise noted, the most recent Pension Protection Act (PPA) zone status available in   2016   and   2015   is for the plans' two most recent fiscal year-ends. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan and is certified by the plan's actuary. Among other factors, plans in the critical and declining zone are generally less than 65% funded and projected to become insolvent in the next 15 or 20 years depending on the ratio of active to inactive participants, plans in the critical zone are generally less than 65% funded, plans in the endangered zone are less than 80% funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The "FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented" column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (FIP) or a rehabilitation plan (RP) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the CBA(s) to which the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of   fiscal     2016  ,   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   contributions.  

The Company provided more than 5 percent of the total contributions for the following plans and plan years:  

At the date the Company's financial statements were issued, Forms 5500 were not available for the plan years ending in   2016  . 
   
  NOTE 8. INCOME TAXES: 
  The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, the provision for income taxes represents income taxes payable or refundable for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred taxes result from differences between the financial and tax bases in assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and enacted tax legislation. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. 
  
   S-26 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The components of income before income taxes by source of income are as follows (in thousands): 

The provision for income taxes consists of (in thousands): 

Current taxes receivable of   $48.5 million   and   $72.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, are included in "Prepayments and other current assets"   in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.   Current income taxes payable of   $10.3 million   and   $0   at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, are included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities"   in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The provision for income taxes varies from the amount determined by applying the United States Federal statutory rate to pretax income as a result of the following (all percentages are as a percentage of income before income taxes): 

The effective tax rate is based on expected income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to the Company in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating the tax return positions. Reserves are established when positions are "more likely than not" to be challenged and not sustained. Reserves are adjusted at each financial statement date to reflect the impact of audit settlements, expiration of statutes of limitation, developments in tax law and ongoing discussions with tax authorities. Accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the income tax provision. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , certain subsidiaries have recorded deferred tax assets of   $18.6 million   associated with accumulated federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. The Company has a valuation allowance of approximately   $7.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   against these carryforwards due to the uncertainty of their realization. Based on the Company's historical earnings, forecasted taxable income and the reversal of taxable temporary differences, it is "more likely than not" the deferred tax asset will be realized and no additional valuation allowance was recorded in fiscal   2016  . 
  
   S-27 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The table of deferred tax assets shown below does not include certain deferred tax assets at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   that arose directly from tax deductions related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized for book purposes. The unrecognized tax benefits, as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , attributable to these net operating losses was approximately   $4.4 million   and   $4.2 million  , respectively. The tax law ordering approach is used to determine the sequence in which NOL carryforwards are utilized. Federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will expire from   2017   through   2026  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has approximately   $1.2 million   of foreign tax credit carryforwards, which expire in   2026  . It is "more likely than not" that there is sufficient taxable income in the carryforward period to utilize these credits; therefore, a valuation allowance is not needed. The Company does not maintain significant or excessive cash balances at any of its foreign operations and does not consider any of its unremitted earnings to be permanently reinvested. Therefore, a deferred tax liability is recorded for the incremental U.S. taxes on all unremitted earnings.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , the components of deferred taxes are as follows (in thousands): 

Deferred tax liabilities of approximately   $608.4 million   and   $535.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, are included in "Deferred Income Taxes and Other Noncurrent Liabilities"   in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.   Deferred tax assets of approximately   $17.4 million   and   $0   as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, are included in "Other Assets"   in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The Company had approximately   $22.8 million   of total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016  , all of which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits follows (in thousands): 

The effective tax rate in fiscal year 2015 included a benefit of approximately   $4.8 million   resulting from the reversal of reserves for uncertain tax positions related to audit settlements and the expiration of statutes. The fiscal 2015 benefit was offset by a write-off of a current income tax receivable of approximately   $3.5 million   related to Work Opportunity Tax Credits. 
  The Company has approximately   $6.0 million   and   $5.6 million   accrued for interest and penalties as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, and recorded approximately   $0.4 million   and   ($0.2) million   in interest and penalties during fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  , respectively. 
  
   S-28 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Unrecognized tax benefits are not expected to significantly change within the next 12 months. 
  All United States federal income tax matters are substantially concluded through 2013. Adequate amounts are established for any adjustments that may result from examinations for tax years after 2013. 
  Generally, a number of years may elapse before a tax reporting year is audited and finally resolved. There are open statutes in various tax jurisdictions ranging from   1   to   10   years. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of or resolution of a particular tax matter, the Company does not anticipate any adjustments resulting from state or foreign tax audits that would result in a material change to the financial condition or results of operations. However, an unfavorable settlement of a particular issue would require use of the Company's cash. 
   
  NOTE 9. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company completed an IPO of   28.0 million   shares of its common stock at a price of   $20.00   per share, raising approximately   $524.1 million  , net of costs directly related to the IPO. The Company used the net proceeds to repay borrowings on the senior secured revolving credit facility and a portion of the principal on the senior secured term loan facility. In addition, the Company paid cash bonuses and certain other expenses of approximately   $5.0 million   related to the IPO which were included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2014. 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company completed a repurchase of   1.5 million   shares of its common stock for approximately   $48.5 million  .  
  The following table presents the Company's dividend payments to its stockholders (in millions): 

On   November 9, 2016  , a   $0.103   dividend per share of common stock was declared, payable on December 8, 2016, to shareholders of record on the close of business on November 28, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 10. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION: 
  On November 12, 2013, the Board of Directors (the "Board") approved, and the stockholders of Aramark adopted by written consent, the Aramark 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2013 Stock Plan"), which became effective on December 1, 2013. The 2013 Stock Plan provides that the total number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2013 Stock Plan is   25,500,000  .  
  The following table summarizes the share-based compensation expense and related information for Time-Based Options ("TBOs"), Performance-Based Options ("PBOs"), Time-Based Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs"), Performance Stock Units and Performance Restricted Stock ("PSUs"), and Deferred Stock and Other Units classified as "Selling and general corporate expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of   Income   (in millions).  

(1) 
    Fiscal 2014 compensation expense for PBOs includes approximately $50.9 million related to the missed year options that were modified. 
      (2) 
    The tax benefit on option exercises and restricted stock unit deliveries is included in "Other financing activities" in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

S-29 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

No compensation expense was capitalized. The Company has applied a forfeiture assumption of   8.7%   per annum in the calculation of such expenses. 
  The below table summarizes the unrecognized compensation expense as of   September 30, 2016   related to nonvested awards and the weighted-average period they are expected to be recognized: 

Stock Options  
  Time-Based Options 
  TBOs vest solely based upon continued employment over a   four   year time period. All TBOs remain exercisable for   ten   years from the date of grant. The fair value of the TBOs granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected volatility is based on a blended average of the historical volatility of the Company's and competitors' stocks over the expected term of the stock options. The expected life represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding and is calculated using the simplified method as permitted under Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") rules and regulations due to the lack of history of our equity incentive plan. The simplified method uses the midpoint between an option's vesting date and contractual term. The risk-free rate is based on the United States Treasury security with terms equal to the expected life of the option as of the grant date. Compensation expense for TBOs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period during which employees perform related services. 
  The table below presents the weighted average assumptions and related valuations for TBOs. 

A summary of TBO activity is presented below: 

S-30 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Performance-Based Options 
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the Compensation Committee approved an amendment to all outstanding 2007 Management Stock Incentive Plan (the "2007 MSIP") Option Agreements (the "Performance Option Amendment") modifying the vesting provisions relating to outstanding performance-based options granted under the 2007 MSIP. The Performance Option Amendment provided that in the event of an initial public offering of Aramark, subject to continued employment on such date,   50%   of any then-unvested performance-based options that did not meet applicable performance thresholds in prior years (the "Missed Year Options") would become vested if the initial public offering price for the common stock of Aramark equals or exceeds   $20.00   per share. In addition, during the   18   month period following the initial public offering, if the closing trading price for common stock of Aramark equals or exceeds   $25.00   per share over any consecutive   twenty   day trading period,   100%   of the Missed Year Options will become vested. There were a total of approximately   5.0 million   Missed Year Options which fully vested by the second quarter of fiscal 2014 as all performance targets were met. 
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2015, all unvested performance-based options granted under the 2007 Management Stock Incentive Plan vested due to the sponsors of the Company's 2007 going-private transaction achieving the required rate of return on their sales of the Company's stock to constitute a return-based event under the original terms of such options related to approximately   0.7 million   shares. The Company no longer grants PBOs under the 2013 Stock Plan. All PBOs remain exercisable for   ten   years from the date of grant. 
  A summary of PBO activity is presented below:  

The total intrinsic value of PBOs exercised during fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   was   $39.2 million  ,   $102.9 million   and   $74.6 million  , respectively. 
  Time-Based Restricted Stock Units  
  The RSU Agreement provides for grants of RSUs,   25%   of which will vest and be settled in shares on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the participant's continued employment with the Company through each such anniversary. The RSU grant in connection with the IPO and certain other grants vest and settle in shares generally on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the participant's continued employment with the Company through each such anniversary. The grant-date fair value of RSUs is based on the fair value of the Company's common stock. Participants holding RSUs will receive the benefit of any dividends paid on shares in the form of additional RSUs. The unvested units are subject to forfeiture if employment is terminated other than due to death, disability or retirement, and the units are nontransferable while subject to forfeiture. 

Performance Stock Units 
  Under the 2013 Stock Plan, the Company is authorized to grant PSUs to its employees. A participant is eligible to become vested in a number of PSUs equal to a percentage, higher or lower, of the target number of PSUs granted based on the level of the Company's achievement of the performance condition. Prior to fiscal 2016, the Company granted three year PSUs with the  
  
   S-31 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

first   33%   of the award vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date, if and to the extent the Company achieves these performance conditions, while the remaining   67%   will generally vest ratably over the next two anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the achievement of an adjusted earnings per share-based performance condition in the first year of grant and the participant's continued employment with the Company through each such anniversary. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company granted PSUs with cliff vesting subject to the achievement of a performance condition in the third fiscal year of grant and the participant's continued employment with the Company. The grant-date fair value of the PSUs is based on the fair value of the Company's common stock. 

Deferred Stock Units  
  Deferred Stock Units are issued only to non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company and represent the right to receive shares of the Company's common stock in the future. Each deferred stock unit will be converted to one share of the Company's common stock on the first day of the seventh month after which such director ceases to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. The grant-date fair value of deferred stock units is based on the fair value of the Company's common stock. The deferred stock units vest on the day prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders (which is generally one year after grant). The Company granted   61,802   deferred stock units during fiscal   2016  . In addition, directors may elect to defer their cash retainer into Deferred Stock Units which are fully vested upon issuance. 
   
  NOTE 11. EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
  Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted to include the potentially dilutive effect of stock awards. 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company's stockholders (in thousands, except per share data): 

Share-based awards to purchase   2.1 million  ,   2.5 million   and   1.5 million   shares were outstanding at   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014  , respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share, as their effect would have been antidilutive. In addition, PSUs of approximately   0.6 million   and PSUs and PBOs of approximately   0.8 million   were outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   October 3, 2014  , respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share, as the performance targets were not yet met. 
  
   S-32 

Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SECURITIZATION: 
  The Company has an agreement (the "Receivables Facility") with   three   financial institutions where we sell on a continuous basis an undivided interest in all eligible trade accounts receivable, as defined in the Receivables Facility. The maximum amount available under the Receivables Facility is   $350.0 million  . In addition, the Receivables Facility includes a seasonal tranche which increases the capacity of the Receivables Facility and increases the maximum amount available by   $50.0 million  . Pursuant to the Receivables Facility, the Company formed ARAMARK Receivables, LLC, a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary. ARAMARK Receivables, LLC was formed for the sole purpose of buying and selling receivables generated by certain subsidiaries of the Company. Under the Receivables Facility, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries transfer without recourse all of their accounts receivable to ARAMARK Receivables, LLC. As collections reduce previously transferred interests, interests in new, eligible receivables are transferred to ARAMARK Receivables, LLC, subject to meeting certain conditions.  
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company extended the term of the Receivables Facility from May 2017 to May 2019. In addition, the Company modified the terms of the additional seasonal capacity of the Receivables Facility to increase it from   $25.0 million   to   $50.0 million   for the period from September to March and May to June. At   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , the amount of outstanding borrowings under the Receivables Facility was $  268.0 million   and   $350.0 million  , respectively, and is included in "Long-Term Borrowings" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
   
  NOTE 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES: 
  The Company has capital and other purchase commitments of approximately   $565.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , primarily in connection with commitments for capital projects and client contract investments. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company also has letters of credit outstanding in the amount of   $53.8 million  . 
  Certain of the Company's lease arrangements, primarily vehicle leases, with terms of   one   to   eight   years, contain provisions related to residual value guarantees. The maximum potential liability to the Company under such arrangements was approximately   $127.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   if the terminal fair value of vehicles coming off lease was   zero  . Consistent with past experience, management does not expect any significant payments will be required pursuant to these arrangements.   No   amounts have been accrued for guarantee arrangements at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Rental expense for all operating leases was   $180.7 million  ,   $181.8 million   and   $188.0 million   for fiscal   2016  , fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014  , respectively. Following is a schedule of the future minimum rental and similar commitments under all noncancelable operating leases and certain residual value guarantees as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are a party to various legal actions, proceedings and investigations involving claims incidental to the conduct of their business, including actions by clients, consumers, employees, government entities and third parties, including under federal, state, international, national, provincial and local employment laws, wage and hour laws, discrimination laws, immigration laws, human health and safety laws, import and export controls and customs laws, environmental laws, false claims or whistleblower statutes, minority, women and disadvantaged business enterprise statutes, tax codes, antitrust and competition laws, consumer protection statutes, procurement regulations, intellectual property laws, food safety and sanitation laws, cost and accounting principles, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, other anti-corruption laws, lobbying laws, motor carrier safety laws, data privacy and security laws and alcohol licensing and service laws, or alleging negligence and/or breaches of contractual and other obligations. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage, established reserves and other resources, the Company does not believe that any such actions are likely to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   S-33 

Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14. QUARTERLY RESULTS (Unaudited): 
  The following tables summarize the Company's unaudited quarterly results for fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   (in thousands): 

NOTE 15. BUSINESS SEGMENTS: 
  The Company reports its operating results in   three   reportable segments: FSS North America, FSS International and Uniform. Corporate includes general expenses and assets not specifically allocated to an individual segment and share-based compensation expense (see Note 10). Financial information by segment follows (in millions): 

S-34 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following geographic data include sales generated by subsidiaries within that geographic area and net property   equipment based on physical location (in millions): 

S-35 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are classified based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. The hierarchical levels related to the subjectivity of the valuation inputs are defined as follows:  
             
    Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets  
                
    Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument  
                
    Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement  
     Recurring Fair Value Measurements  
  The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, borrowings and derivatives. Management believes that the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are representative of their respective fair values. In conjunction with the fair value measurement of the derivative instruments, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio, the gross values would not be materially different. The fair value of the Company's debt at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   was   $5,365.6 million   and   $5,341.3 million  , respectively. The carrying value of the Company's debt at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   was   $5,270.0 million   and   $5,266.0 million  , respectively. The fair values were computed using market quotes, if available, or based on discounted cash flows using market interest rates as of the end of the respective periods. The inputs utilized in estimating the fair value of the Company's debt has been classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy levels.  
   
  NOTE 17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 
  In August 2015, GS Capital Partners and J.P. Morgan Partners sold their remaining shares of Aramark common stock and are no longer viewed as related parties. Net payments in   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   to entities affiliated with GS Capital Partners pursuant to interest rate swap transactions were approximately   $6.1 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively. The net payments in   fiscal     2015   and   fiscal     2014   to entities affiliated with J.P. Morgan Partners pursuant to interest rate swap transactions were approximately   $4.0 million   and   $6.9 million  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 18. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES:  
  The following condensed consolidating financial statements of the Company have been prepared pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. 
  These condensed consolidating financial statements have been prepared from the Company's financial information on the same basis of accounting as the consolidated financial statements. Interest expense and certain other costs are partially allocated to all of the subsidiaries of the Company. Goodwill and other intangible assets have been allocated to the subsidiaries based on management's estimates. The 2020 Notes, 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes are obligations of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Aramark Services, Inc., and are each jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and substantially all of the Company's existing and future domestic subsidiaries (excluding the Receivables Facility subsidiary) ("Guarantors"). Each of the Guarantors is wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. All other subsidiaries of the Company, either direct or indirect, do not guarantee the 2020 Notes, 2024 Notes or 2026 Notes ("Non-Guarantors"). The Guarantors also guarantee certain other debt. 
  
   S-36 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS 
  September 30, 2016 
  (in thousands) 

S-37 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS 
  October 2, 2015    
  (in thousands)  

S-38 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the year ended   September 30, 2016    
  (in thousands)  

S-39 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the year ended   October 2, 2015    
  (in thousands) 

S-40 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the year ended   October 3, 2014    
  (in thousands)  

S-41 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  For the year ended   September 30, 2016    
  (in thousands)  

S-42 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  For the year ended   October 2, 2015    
  (in thousands)  

S-43 

     Table of Contents  
  ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  For the year ended   October 3, 2014    
  (in thousands)  

S-44 

Table of Contents  

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   OCTOBER 2, 2015   AND   OCTOBER 3, 2014    

(1) 
    Amounts determined not to be collectible and charged against the reserve and translation. 
     
   S-45 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  Copies of any of the following exhibits are available to Stockholders for the cost of reproduction upon written request to the Secretary, Aramark, 1101 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107.  
                     Exhibit No. 

Description    
      3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Aramark (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2013, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      3.2 

Certificate of Ownership and Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2014, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      3.3 

Amended and Restated By-laws of Aramark (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2014, pursuant to the Exchange Act  
  (file number 001-36223)). 
      4.1 

Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2013, among Aramark Services, Inc., the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2013 pursuant to the Exchange Act  
  (file number 001-04762)). 
      4.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2013, among ARAMARK Holdings Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Aramark s Form S-4 filed with the SEC on December 17, 2013 (file number 333-192907))  . 
      4.3 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2013, among the entities listed in Schedule I thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Aramark s Form S-4 filed with the SEC on December 17, 2013 (file number 333-192907)). 
      4.4 

Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2015, among Aramark Services, Inc., as issuer, Aramark, as parent guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2015, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      4.5 

Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2016, among Aramark Services, Inc., as issuer, Aramark, as parent guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2016, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      4.6 

Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2016, among Aramark Services, Inc., as issuer, Aramark, as parent guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2016, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      4.7 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2016, among Aramark Services, Inc., Aramark, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the several initial purchasers (certain 5.125% Senior Notes due 2024 of Aramark Service, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2016, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      4.8 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2016, among Aramark Services, Inc., Aramark, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the several initial purchasers (4.75% Senior Notes due 2016 of Aramark Services, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2016, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
    
      10.1 

Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2014 (the  2014 Amendment Agreement ), to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2007, as amended and restated as of March 26, 2010, as further amended and supplemented prior to the date of the Amendment Agreement by and among Aramark Services, Inc., ARAMARK Canada Ltd., ARAMARK Investments Limited, ARAMARK Ireland Holdings Limited, ARAMARK Holdings GMBH   Co. KG, ARAMARK GMBH, ARAMARK Intermediate Holdco Corporation, the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, the Lenders (as defined therein) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing bank and as LC facility issuing bank and the other parties thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to Aramark s Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 26, 2014 (file number 333-194077)) . 

S-46 

     Table of Contents  

10.2 

Amendment Agreement No. 1, dated as of March 28, 2014, to the Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2014, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2007, as amended and restated as of March 26, 2010, as further amended and supplemented prior to the date of the Amendment Agreement by and among Aramark Services, Inc., ARAMARK Canada Ltd., ARAMARK Investments Limited, ARAMARK Ireland Holdings Limited, ARAMARK Holdings GMBH   Co. KG, ARAMARK GMBH, ARAMARK Intermediate Holdco Corporation, the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, the Lenders (as defined therein) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, issuing bank and as LC facility issuing bank and the other parties thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aramark s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014, pursuant to the Exchange Act  
  (file number 001-36223)) 
      10.3 

Assumption Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2007, relating to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2007 among Aramark Services, Inc., the other Borrowers and Loan Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2007, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.4 

Joinder Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2013, between each New Subsidiary listed on Schedule I thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to Aramark s Form S-4 filed with the SEC on December 17, 2013 (file number 333-192907)). 
      10.5 

U.S. Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2007, among ARAMARK Intermediate Holdco Corporation, RMK Acquisition Corporation, Aramark Services, Inc., the Subsidiary Parties from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2007, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.6 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Coordination Committee Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2013, among Aramark and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Aramark s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2013, pursuant to the Exchange Act  
  (file number 001-36223)). 
      10.7  

Letter Agreement dated May 7, 2012 between Aramark Services, Inc. and Eric Foss (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 9, 2012, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.8  

Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition dated May 7, 2012 between Aramark Services, Inc. and Eric Foss (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 9, 2012, pursuant to the Exchange Act  
  (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.9  

Amendment, effective as of June 25, 2013, to the Letter Agreement dated May 7, 2012 between Aramark Services, Inc. and Eric Foss (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2013, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.10  

Form of Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition and Schedule 1 listing each Executive Officer who is a party to such Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2007, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.11  

Form of Amendment to Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2008, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.12  

Offer Letter dated July 20, 2012 between Aramark Services, Inc. and Stephen R. Reynolds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.13  

Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition dated December 6, 2012 between Aramark Services, Inc. and Stephen R. Reynolds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Aramark Services, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-04762)). 
      10.14  

Offer Letter dated March 12, 2015, between Aramark and Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Aramark s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      10.15  

Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition dated March 12, 2015 between Aramark and Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Aramark s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015, pursuant to the Exchange Act (file number 001-36223)). 
      10.16*  

Offer Letter dated October 13, 2014, between Aramark and Harrald Kroeker 
      10.17*  

Agreement Relating to Employment and Post-Employment Competition dated November 26, 2013 between Aramark Corporation and Harrald Kroeker  

S-47 

     Table of Contents  

S-48 

     Table of Contents  

S-49 

     Table of Contents  

S-50 

     Table of Contents  

101.DEF* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE* 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*    Filed herewith.  
       Identifies exhibits that consist of management contract or compensatory arrangement.  

S-51 

<EX-10.33>
 2
 e1033managementincentivebo.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33

Exhibit 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP COUNCIL 
  MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE BONUS PLAN 
    
  I.    Introduction 
  This Executive Leadership Council Management Incentive Bonus Plan (this "Plan") provides an annual cash bonus award to each eligible executive for the achievement of explicit performance objectives. A bonus award under this Plan is comprised of two parts: a financial objective representing 90% of the overall award and an individual objective representing the remaining 10%of the overall award. 
    
  II.    Eligibility 
  All executives in career bands 2 and 3 are eligible to participate in this Plan. Generally, an individual is eligible for a potential award under this Plan if they were employed for at least 6 months during the relevant fiscal year. 
    
  III.    Overall Structure 
           A. 
    A Plan participant's target bonus award will be based upon the "guideline" or percentage of base salary for each eligible participant. 
       
           B. 
    Target bonus awards will be determined by performance during the fiscal year as measured by the following: 
       
           1. 
    Financial Objective  .   90% of a participant's target bonus shall be based on the achievement of financial measures as described below (the "Financial Objective Target Bonus"). 
              a. 
    For career band 2 participants, the Financial Objective Target Bonus shall be based on the following financial measures in the proportions relative to the overall target bonus indicated in parentheses 
              (1) 
    Attainment of AOI targets by the business to which the participant is assigned (40%); 
              (2) 
    Attainment of revenue targets by the business to which the participant is assigned (25%); and 
              (3) 
    Attainment of free cash flow targets by the business to which the participant is assigned(25%). 
              b. 
    For career band 3 participants, the Financial Objective Target Bonus shall be based on the following financial measures in the proportions relative to the overall target bonus indicated in parentheses: 
              (1) 
    Attainment of AOI targets by the business to which the participant is assigned. (50%); and 
              (2) 
    Attainment of revenue targets by the business to which the participant is assigned. (40%). 
     These measures are defined on the following page. 
    
           2. 
    Individual Objective  .   10% of a participants' target bonus shall be based on individual or team measures the plan participant is expected to attain during the fiscal year(the "Individual Objective Target Bonus"). 
       
           C. 
    The apportionment of the target bonus award components is reflected in this diagram: 
                              
    MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE BONUS - OVERALL STRUCTURE 

Target Bonus Award 

Financial Objective   (90%) 
    Individual Objective   (10%) 

AOI 
    Revenue 
    Free Cash Flow 
      (40% for Band 2 Participants; 50% for Band 3 Participants) 
    (25% for Band 2 Participants; 40% for Band 3 Participants) 
    (25% for Band 2 Participants; 0% for Band 3 Participants) 

IV.    Determination of Bonus Targets - Financial Objective 
           A. 
    For purposes of determining Financial Objective Target Bonuses, financial measures are defined as follows: 
              1. 
    "Revenue"   means sales as reported internally to Corporate Accounting and used for external financial reporting. 
       
           2. 
    "AOI"   means adjusted operating income inclusive of Corporate and other overhead allocations determined pursuant to the Corporation\u2019s accounting policies and procedures. 

3. 
    "Free Cash Flow"   means an amount equal to operating cash flow minus capital spending. 
       
           B. 
    If these definitions differ from those included within the final year-end financial statements of the business, the definitions which were used in establishing the relevant targets will be used to evaluate achievement under this Plan. 
       
           C. 
    In a limited number of cases and where business warrants, the financial measure targets and proportions relative to the overall target bonus award may be other than those shown here. All such changes, however, must be approved by the Chief Executive Officer in advance. 
       
  V.    Determination of Bonus Awards - Financial Objective 
           A. 
    For all financial measures, bonus awards under the financial objective component of this Plan (the "Financial Objective Bonus Award") vary as financial measure targets are over or under achieved. The minimum bonus award, equal to 25% of the Financial Objective Target Bonus,is awarded provided a minimally acceptable "threshold" level of performance of financial measures is achieved (i.e., no bonus will be awarded for performance below the threshold for that metric.). Financial Objective Bonus Awards may increase from the minimum financial objective bonus award to the Financial Objective Target Bonus amount if financial measure targets are achieved fully and may increase up to a maximum ("ceiling") of 150% to 200% of the Financial Objective Bonus Target if performance increasingly exceeds the target levels. 
       
           B. 
    Financial Objective Bonus Awards for performance between threshold and ceiling will be computed by interpolating between either: (1) the threshold and target awards, or (2) the target and ceiling awards, as appropriate. 
       
           C. 
    The levels for threshold and maximum Financial Objective Bonus Awards(referred to as the "leverage curve"), may vary among organizations, reflecting financial volatility resulting from the magnitude of the unit's business plan. For example, a lower volatility business may begin to provide Financial Objective Bonus Awards at 90% of target attainment, while a higher volatility business may begin to provide Financial Objective Bonus Awards at 85% of target attainment. 
       
  VI.    Determination of Individual Objective and Related Bonus Awards 
           A. 
    Generally, individual measures will be established for each participant at the start of the fiscal year. The individual measures will not duplicate the measures of annual financial performance addressed under the financial objective of this Plan. Rather, they will address those concerns which most contribute to the business gaining a sustainable competitive advantage. Attainment of these individual measures is measured for and during the fiscal year for which they are set. Unplanned objectives that emerge during the fiscal year and which take priority over the planned objectives may be added (or substituted) as appropriate. 
       
           B. 
    Bonus awards under the individual objective component of this Plan (the "Individual Objective Bonus Award") will be awarded at target if performance fully meets the target individual measures defined in the individual objective. If performance differs from these target measures, the Individual Objective Bonus Award will vary proportionally with performance, from 0%to 150% of the Individual Objective Target Bonus. 
       
  VII.    Total Plan Bonus Award 
  The total Plan bonus award to be paid to each Plan participant (the "Final Bonus Award") will be equal to the sum of the Financial Objective Bonus Award and the Individual Objective Bonus Award. 
    
  VIII.    Payment of Bonus Awards 
           A. 
    Final Bonus Awards are paid (minus appropriate tax withholdings) as soon as practicable after receipt of the audited fiscal year-end financial reports, but in no event more than 2.5 months after the end of the calendar year in which it was earned. B.Except in cases of voluntary or involuntary termination (discussed in 2 below), the following provisions apply: 
       
           1. 
    If a participant has worked at least 6 months, but less than the entire relevant fiscal year and is still employed at the end of the bonus (fiscal) year, the participant will receive a pro-rata share of the Final Bonus Award (e.g., if the participant has worked for 9 months in the relevant fiscal year, 75% of the Final Bonus Award will be payable). 

2. 
    If the participant has served in two or more components or units covered by this plan, the Financial Objective Bonus Award and Individual Objective Bonus Award will be calculated on full year results for the portion of the year served in each component or unit. 
       
           3. 
    If the participant was promoted during the year and his or her guideline bonus amount changed, the Financial Objective Target Bonus and Individual Objective Target Bonus for such participant will be prorated. However, if the participant remains in the same position with essentially the same duties and responsibilities, and the participant's guideline amount changed during the fiscal year, the guideline amount at year end will be used in determining the Financial Objective Target Bonus and Individual Objective Target Bonus for the entire year. 
       
           C. 
    No Final Bonus Award is payable to a participant whose employment terminates, voluntarily or involuntarily, prior to completion of the bonus (fiscal) year except in the event that the participant becomes permanently disabled, retires having reached the age of 60 with at least five years of service or dies while employed.Exceptions in certain cases of involuntary termination may be granted with prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer of Aramark.If a participant becomes permanently disabled, retires having reached the age of 60 with at least five years of service, or dies while employed, he or she will be entitled to receive a pro-rata share of his or her Final Bonus Award at the same time as Final Bonus Awards are otherwise payable to active employees. 
       
           D. 
    A participant whose employment terminates after the close of the bonus year but before awards are paid will be eligible to receive the Financial Objective Bonus Award. Any Individual Objective Bonus Award in the case of such terminations may be payable at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer of Aramark. 
       
           E. 
    In no case, however, will a Final Bonus Award be made to an individual whose employment is terminated at any time for "cause," as defined in the plan participant's Agreement Relating to Employment and Post Employment Competition. 
       
  IX.    Deferral 
  Payment of all or part of a Financial Objective Bonus Award may be deferred in accordance with procedures established by Aramark and amended from time to time, in accordance with the applicable deferral provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ("Section 409A"). 
    
  IX.    Deferral 
           A. 
    This Plan is intended to be provide for compensation that is exempt from the requirements of Section 409A. The Chief Executive Officer of Aramark is the sole interpreter and arbiter of the provisions of this Plan and has the right to amend, withdraw, or revoke them before the beginning of any fiscal year or to grant specific exceptions. 
       
           B. 
    In administering this Plan, the Chief Executive Officer of Aramark has the final authority to adjust financial performance standards or actual results for unusual non-recurring income, expense or balance sheet items (e.g., non-operating gains/losses, acquisitions, divestitures) so that comparisons between actual and planned performance are consistent.Any Final Bonus Award of any plan participant who, as of the end of a given bonus (fiscal) year is a named executive officer of Aramark may not be greater than the maximum bonus amount that may be earned under the Aramark Senior Executive Annual Performance Bonus Plan or any successor plan, as in effect from time to time.  
       
           C. 
    Objectives and formulas for all portions of this Plan must be approved by the Chief Executive Officer of Aramark. He or she also must approve any unplanned objectives added during the year.D.Final Bonus Awards for career band 2 participants and Aramark executive officers are reviewed and approved by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee(or any designated sub-committee thereof). Final Bonus Awards for career band 3 participants (other than executive officers) may be approved by the Chief Executive Officer or the Executive Vice President, Human Resources. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 ex1016offerletter-harraldk.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.16

Exhibit 

October 13, 2014 
    
  Harrald Kroeker 

Dear Harrald: 
    
  We are pleased to inform you of your change of assignment within the Executive Leadership Council (ELC).     
       
  Enclosed are three copies of the Offer Detail Summary highlighting the specifics associated with the change.  We ask that you please retain one copy for your records and return two signed copies of the letter to me. 
    
  If you have any questions, or if I may be of any help to you, please do not hesitate to call me at 215-238-3419. 
    
  Sincerely, 
    
  /s/ Karl Sparre 
    
  Karl Sparre 
  Vice President, Global Talent Acquisition 
    
  Please sign and date below acknowledging that you have received this letter and accepted our offer.   

Harrald Kroeker 
  Offer Detail Summary 
  October 13, 2014 

Title: 
    Chief Operating Officer, Europe   Transformation Lead 

Level: 
    Executive Leadership Council 
  Band 2 

Reports To: 
    Eric Foss, Chief Executive Officer and President   
  Aramark 

Location: 
    Philadelphia, PA  

Effective Date: 
    September 12, 2014 

Base Salary: 
    $525,000 

Bonus: 
    You will continue to be eligible to participate in Aramark s Management Incentive Bonus (MIB) Plan for Fiscal Year 2015.  As further described in the Plan, if you are eligible to receive a Management Incentive Bonus, the amount of your Bonus will be determined on the basis of both the performance of Aramark and your performance measured against certain annual financial and non-financial goals.  The current guideline for your position is a target bonus of 65% of base salary. 
      Benefits: 
    You will continue to be eligible to participate in the standard Aramark Benefits Program, as well as the Benefits/Perquisites Programs in place for ELC members, which are subject to change from time to time. 

This offer letter sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to all aspects of the offer of change in assignment within the ELC.  Any and all previous agreements or understandings between or among the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral, are not changed as a result of this change in assignment. 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 ex1017elcagreement-harrald.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit 

ARAMARK CORPORATION 
  AGREEMENT RELATING     TO EMPLOYMENT AND 
  POST-EMPLOYMENT     COMPETITION 
  This Agreement is between the undersigned individual ( Employee ) and ARAMARK CORPORATION ( ARAMARK ). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS, ARAMARK is a leading provider of managed services to business and industry, private and public institutions, and the general public, in the following business groups:  food and support services; uniform and career apparel; 
  WHEREAS, ARAMARK has a proprietary interest in its business and financial plans and systems, methods of operation and other secret and confidential information, knowledge and data ( Proprietary Information ) which includes, but is not limited to, all confidential, proprietary or non-public information, ideas and concepts; annual and strategic business plans; financial plans, reports and systems including, profit and loss statements, sales, accounting forms and procedures and other information regarding costs, pricing and the financial condition of ARAMARK and its business segments and groups; management development reviews, including information regarding the capabilities and experience of ARAMARK employees; intellectual property, including patents, inventions, discoveries, research and development, compounds, recipes, formulae, reports, protocols, computer software and databases; information regarding ARAMARK s relationships with its clients, customers, and suppliers and prospective clients, partners, customers and suppliers; policy and procedure manuals, information regarding materials and documents in any form or medium (including oral, written, tangible, intangible, or electronic) concerning any of the above, or any past, current or future business activities of ARAMARK that is not publicly available; compensation, recruiting and training, and human resource policies and procedures; and data compilations, research, reports, structures, compounds, techniques, methods, processes, know-how; 

WHEREAS, all such Proprietary Information is developed at great expense to ARAMARK and is considered by ARAMARK to be confidential trade secrets; 
  WHEREAS, Employee, as a senior manager, will have access to ARAMARK s Proprietary Information, directly in the course of Employee s employment, and indirectly through interaction with and presentations by other ARAMARK senior managers at the Executive Leadership Institute, Executive Leadership Council meetings, Presidents  Council meetings and the like; 
  WHEREAS, ARAMARK will introduce Employee to ARAMARK clients, customers, suppliers and others, and will encourage, and provide resources for, Employee to develop personal relationships with ARAMARK s clients, customers, suppliers and others; 
  WHEREAS, ARAMARK will provide specialized training and skills to Employee in connection with the performance of Employee s duties at ARAMARK which training involves the disclosure by ARAMARK to Employee of Proprietary Information; 
  WHEREAS, ARAMARK will be vulnerable to unfair post-employment competition by Employee because Employee will have access to and knowledge of ARAMARK s Proprietary Information, will have a personal relationship with ARAMARK s clients, customers, suppliers and others, and will generate good will which Employee acknowledges belongs to ARAMARK; 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Employee s employment with ARAMARK, the opportunity to receive the grant of options to purchase the common stock of ARAMARK Holdings Corporation, the severance and other post-employment benefits provided for herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee agrees to enter into this Agreement with ARAMARK as a condition of employment pursuant to which ARAMARK will limit Employee s right to compete against ARAMARK and right to solicit ARAMARK s employees, customers, clients or suppliers during and following termination of employment on the terms set forth in this Agreement.  Intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1.  NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT  :    Employee shall not, during or after termination of employment, directly or indirectly, in any manner utilize or disclose to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity, except where required by law, any Proprietary Information which is not generally known to the public, or has not otherwise been disclosed or recognized as standard practice in the industries in which ARAMARK is engaged.  Employee shall, during and after termination of employment, refrain from making any statements or comments of a defamatory or disparaging nature to any third party regarding ARAMARK, or any of ARAMARK s officers, directors, personnel, other service providers, policies or products or services, other than to comply with law. 
  ARTICLE 2.  NON-COMPETITION  : 
           A. 
    Subject to Article 2. B. below, Employee, during Employee s period of employment with ARAMARK, and for a period of two years following the voluntary or involuntary termination of employment, shall not, without ARAMARK s written permission, which shall be granted or denied in ARAMARK s sole discretion, directly or indirectly, associate with (including, but not limited to, association as a sole proprietor, owner, employer, partner, principal, investor, joint venturer, shareholder, associate, employee, member, consultant, contractor or otherwise), or acquire or maintain ownership interest in, any Business which is competitive with that conducted by or developed for later implementation by ARAMARK at any time during the term of Employee s employment, provided, however, if Employee s employment is involuntarily terminated by ARAMARK for any reason other than Cause (as defined herein), then the term of the non-competition provision set forth herein will be modified to be one year following such termination of employment.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Business  shall be defined as a person, corporation, firm, LLC, partnership, joint venture or other entity.  Nothing in the foregoing shall prevent Employee from investing in a Business that is or becomes publicly traded, if Employee s ownership is as a passive investor of less than 1% of the outstanding publicly traded stock of the Business. 

B. 
    The provision set forth in Article 2.A above, shall apply to the full extent permitted by law (i) in all fifty states, and (ii) in each foreign country, possession or territory in which ARAMARK may be engaged in, or have plans to engage in, business (x) during Employee s period of employment, or (y) in the case of a termination of employment, as of the effective date of such termination or at any time during the twenty-four month period prior thereto. 
              C. 
    Employee acknowledges that these restrictions are reasonable and necessary to protect the business interests of ARAMARK, and that enforcement of the provisions set forth in this Article 2 will not unnecessarily or unreasonably impair Employee s ability to obtain other employment following the termination (voluntary or involuntary) of Employee s employment with ARAMARK.  Further, Employee acknowledges that the provisions set forth in this Article 2 shall apply if Employee s employment is involuntarily terminated by ARAMARK for Cause; as a result of the elimination of employee s position; for performance-related issues; or for any other reason or no reason at all. 
     ARTICLE 3.  NON-SOLICITATION  :   During the period of Employee s employment with ARAMARK and for a period of two years following the termination of Employee s employment, regardless of the reason for termination, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) induce or encourage any employee of ARAMARK to leave the employ of ARAMARK, (ii) hire any individual who was an employee of ARAMARK as of the date of Employee s termination of employment or within a six month period prior to such date, or (iii) induce or encourage any customer, client, supplier or other business relation of ARAMARK to cease or reduce doing business with ARAMARK or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, client, supplier or other business relation and ARAMARK. 
  ARTICLE 4.  DISCOVERIES AND WORKS:     Employee hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers, and conveys to ARAMARK to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law Employee s right, title and interest now or hereinafter acquired, in and to all Discoveries and Works (as defined below) created, invented, designed, developed, improved or contributed to by Employee, either alone or jointly with  

others, while employed by ARAMARK and within the scope of Employee s employment and/or with the use of ARAMARK s resources.  The terms  Discoveries and Works  include all works of authorship, inventions, intellectual property, materials, documents, or other work product (including, without limitation, Proprietary Information, patents and patent applications, patentable inventions, research, reports, software, code, databases, systems, applications, presentations, textual works, graphics and audiovisual materials).  Employee shall have the burden of proving that any materials or works created, invented, designed, developed, contributed to or improved by Employee that are implicated by or relevant to employment by ARAMARK are not implicated by this provision.  Employee agrees to (i) keep accurate records and promptly notify, make full disclosure to, and execute and deliver any documents and to take any further actions requested by ARAMARK to assist it in validating, effectuating, maintaining, protecting, enforcing, perfecting, recording, patenting or registering any of its rights hereunder, and (ii) renounce any and all claims, including, without limitation, claims of ownership and royalty, with respect to all Discoveries and Works and all other property owned or licensed by ARAMARK.  Any Discoveries and Works that, within six months after the termination of Employee s employment with ARAMARK, are made, disclosed, reduced to a tangible or written form or description, or are reduced to practice by Employee and which pertain to the business carried on or products or services being sold or developed by ARAMARK at the time of such termination shall, as between Employee and ARAMARK, be presumed to have been made during such employment with ARAMARK.  Employee acknowledges that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all Discoveries and Works shall be deemed  works made for hire  under the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, 17 U.S.C. Section 101.  Employee hereby grants ARAMARK a perpetual, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sublicensable license under all rights and intellectual property rights (including patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade secret, unfair competition and related laws) in any Works and Discoveries, for all purposes in connection with ARAMARK s current and future business, that Employee has created, invented, designed, developed, improved or contributed to prior to Employee s employment with ARAMARK that are relevant to or  

implicated by such employment ( Prior Works ).  Any Prior Works are disclosed by Employee in Schedule 1. 
  ARTICLE 5.  REMEDIES  :  Employee acknowledges that in the event of any violation by Employee of the provisions set forth in Articles 1, 2, 3 or 4 above, ARAMARK will sustain serious, irreparable and substantial harm to its business, the extent of which will be difficult to determine and impossible to fully remedy by an action at law for money damages.  Accordingly, Employee agrees that, in the event of such violation or threatened violation by Employee, ARAMARK shall be entitled to an injunction before trial before any court of competent jurisdiction as a matter of course upon the posting of not more than a nominal bond, in addition to all such other legal and equitable remedies as may be available to ARAMARK.  If ARAMARK is required to enforce the provisions set forth in Articles 2 and 3 above by seeking an injunction, Employee agrees that the relevant time periods set forth in Articles 2 and 3 shall commence with the entry of the injunction.  Employee further agrees that, in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or for any reason unenforceable as written, such court shall substitute a valid provision which most closely approximates the intent and purpose of the invalid provision and which would be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
  ARTICLE 6.  POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS  : 
           A. 
    If Employee s employment is terminated by ARAMARK for any reason other than Cause, Employee shall be entitled to the following post-employment benefits: 

1. 
    Severance Pay:    Employee shall receive severance payments equivalent to Employee s weekly base salary as of the effective date of termination for the number of weeks set forth on the following schedule: 
       
                 Years of Continuous Service with ARAMARK (or with any of its Predecessor Corporations or its Parent) Completed from Last Hire Date 
    Weeks of Severance Pay 
      Less than 2 
    26 
      2 
    32 
      3 
    39 
      4 
    45 
      5 or More 
    52 

Severance payments shall commence with the Employee s effective date of termination and shall be made in accordance with ARAMARK s normal payroll cycle.  The period during which Employee receives severance payments shall be referred to as the  Severance Pay Period.  
  2.        Other Post-Employment Benefits 
           a. 
    Basic Group medical and life insurance coverages shall continue under then prevailing terms during the Severance Pay Period; provided, however, that if Employee becomes employed by a new employer during that period, continuing coverage from ARAMARK will become secondary to any coverage afforded by the new employer.  Employee s share of the premiums will be deducted from Employee s severance payments.  Basic Group medical coverage provided during such period shall be applied against ARAMARK s obligation to continue group medical coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ).  Upon termination of basic group medical and life coverages, Employee may convert such coverages to individual policies to the extent allowable under the terms of the plans providing such coverages. 

b. 
    If, at the time of termination, ARAMARK is providing Employee with a leased vehicle, then ARAMARK will continue to provide the leased vehicle through the Severance Pay Period under the same terms and conditions as in effect at the time of the Employee s termination.  At the expiration of the Severance Pay Period, Employee must return the leased vehicle to ARAMARK unless the Employee elects to purchase the vehicle in accordance with the Executive Leadership Council policy then in effect.  If Employee is receiving a car allowance at the time of the Employee s termination, such car allowance will continue to be paid through the Severance Pay Period.  At the expiration of the Severance Pay Period, the Employee will cease being paid a car allowance. 
              c. 
    Employee s eligibility to participate in all other benefit and compensation plans, including, but not limited to the Management Incentive Bonus, Long Term Disability, any nonqualified retirement plans and any stock option or ownership plans, shall terminate as of the effective date of Employee s termination unless provided otherwise under the terms of a particular plan, provided, however, that participation in plans and programs made available solely to Executive Leadership Council members, including, but not limited to the Executive Leadership Council Medical Plan, shall cease as of the effective date of termination or the date Employee s Executive Leadership Council membership ceases, whichever occurs first.  Employee, however, shall have certain rights to continue the Executive Leadership Council Medical Plan under COBRA. 
              B. 
    Termination for  Cause  shall be defined as termination of employment due to: (i) conviction of or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony (or any similar crime for purposes of laws outside the United States), (ii) fraud or dishonesty, (iii) willful failure to perform assigned duties,  

(iv) willful violation of ARAMARK s Business Conduct Policy, or (v) intentionally working against the best interests of ARAMARK. 
           C. 
    If Employee is terminated by ARAMARK for reasons other than Cause, Employee will receive the severance payments and other post-employment benefits during the Severance Pay Period even if Employee commences other employment during such period provided such employment does not violate the terms of Article 2. 
              D. 
    In addition to the remedies set forth in Article 5, ARAMARK reserves the right to terminate all severance payments and other post-employment benefits if Employee violates the covenants set forth in Articles 1, 2, 3 or 4 above. 
              E. 
    Employee s receipt of severance and other post-employment benefits under this Agreement is contingent on (i) Employee s compliance with the provisions of Articles 1, 2, 3 and 4 and (ii) Employee s execution of a release in a form reasonably acceptable to ARAMARK, except that such release shall not include any claims by Employee to enforce Employee s rights under, or with respect to, this Agreement or any ARAMARK benefit plan pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the expiration of the applicable Age Discrimination in Employment Act revocation period without such release being revoked by Employee.  For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article 6 to the contrary, ARAMARK may choose not to commence (or may choose to discontinue) providing any payment or benefit hereunder unless and until Employee executes and delivers, without revocation, the foregoing release within 60 days following Employee s termination of employment;   provided  ,   however  , that subject to receipt of such executed release, ARAMARK shall commence providing such payments and benefits within 75 days following the date of termination of Employee s employment. 
     ARTICLE 7.  TERM OF EMPLOYMENT  :    Employee acknowledges that ARAMARK has the right to terminate Employee s employment at any time for any reason whatsoever, provided, however, that any termination by ARAMARK for reasons other than Cause shall result in the severance and the post- 

employment benefits described in Article 6 above, to become due in accordance with the terms of this Agreement subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.  Employee further acknowledges that the severance payments made and other benefits provided by ARAMARK are in full satisfaction of any obligations ARAMARK may have resulting from ARAMARK s exercise of its right to terminate Employee s employment, except for those obligations which are intended to survive termination such as the payments to be made pursuant to retirement plans, deferred compensation plans and conversion of insurance. 
  ARTICLE 8.  MISCELLANEOUS  : 
           A. 
    As used throughout this Agreement, ARAMARK includes ARAMARK Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates or any corporation, joint venture, or other entity in which ARAMARK Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates have an equity interest in excess of ten percent (10%). 
              B. 
    This Agreement shall supersede and substitute for any previous post-employment or severance agreement between Employee and ARAMARK. 
              C. 
    If Employee s employment with ARAMARK terminates solely by reason of a transfer of stock or assets of, or a merger or other disposition of, a subsidiary of ARAMARK (whether direct or indirect), such termination shall not be deemed a termination of employment by ARAMARK for purposes of this Agreement, provided that ARAMARK requires the subsequent employer, by agreement, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that ARAMARK would be required to perform it if no such transaction had taken place.  Employee acknowledges and agrees that ARAMARK may assign this Agreement and ARAMARK s rights hereunder, and particularly Articles 1, 2, 3 and 4, in its sole discretion and without advance approval by Employee.  In such case, Employee agrees that ARAMARK may assign this Agreement and all references to  ARAMARK  contained in this Agreement shall thereafter be deemed to refer to the subsequent employer. 

D. 
    Employee shall not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise. 
              E. 
    In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
              F. 
    In the event that it is reasonably determined by ARAMARK that, as a result of the new deferred compensation tax rules under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (and any related regulations or other pronouncements thereunder) ( the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules ), any of the payments or benefits that Employee is entitled to under the terms of this Agreement (or any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement maintained by ARAMARK in which Employee participates) may not be made at the time contemplated by the terms hereof or thereof, as the case may be, without causing Employee to be subject to tax under the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules, ARAMARK shall, in lieu of providing such payment or benefit when otherwise due under this Agreement (or any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement maintained by ARAMARK in which Employee participates), instead provide such payment or benefit on the first day on which such provision would not result in Employee incurring any tax liability under the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules; which day, if Employee is a  specified employee  within the meaning of the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules, shall be the first day following the six-month period beginning on the date of Employee s termination of employment; provided, further, that to the extent that the amount of payments due under Article 6.A are not subject to the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules by virtue of the application of Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), such payments may be made prior to the expiration of such six-month period. In the event that any payments or benefits that ARAMARK would otherwise be required to provide under this Agreement (or any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement maintained by ARAMARK in which Employee participates)  

cannot be provided in the manner contemplated herein without subjecting Employee to tax under the Deferred Tax Rules, ARAMARK shall provide such intended payments or benefits to Employee in an alternative manner that conveys an equivalent economic benefit to Employee as soon as practicable as may otherwise be permitted under the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules.  In addition to the foregoing, for purposes of the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules, each payment made under this Agreement (including, without limitation, each installment payment due under Article 6.A) shall be designated as a  separate payment  within the meaning of the Deferred Compensation Tax Rules. 
           G. 
    Employee hereby represents to ARAMARK that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and ARAMARK and the performance by Employee of Employee s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or is otherwise bound. 
              H. 
    The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of any action or proceeding, Employee irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Pennsylvania and the courts of the United States of America located in Pennsylvania for the purpose of any judicial proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and acknowledges that the designated   fora   have a reasonable relation to the Agreement and to the parties  relationship with one another.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article 8.H, ARAMARK may, in its discretion, bring an action or special proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of seeking temporary or preliminary relief pending resolution of a dispute. 
              I. 
    Employee expressly consents to the application of Article 8.H to any judicial action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.  ARAMARK shall have the right to serve legal process upon Employee in any manner permitted by law.  In addition, Employee irrevocably appoints the General Counsel of ARAMARK Corporation (or any successor) as Employee s agent for service  

of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding and Employee agrees that service of legal process upon such agent, who shall promptly advise Employee of any such service of legal process at the address of Employee then in the records of ARAMARK, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of legal process upon Employee in any such action or proceeding. 
           J. 
    Employee hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that Employee now or hereafter may have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding brought in any court referenced in Article 8.H and hereby agrees not to plead or claim the same. 
              K. 
    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, ARAMARK may, to the extent required by law, withhold applicable federal, state and local income and other taxes from any payments due to Employee hereunder. 
              L. 
    Employee and ARAMARK acknowledge that for purposes of Article 6, Employee s last hire date with ARAMARK is November 4, 2013. 
              M. 
    This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company and Employee, and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.  Employee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement, including its provisions on post-employment restrictions, is specifically assignable by ARAMARK.  Employee hereby consents to such future assignment and agrees not to challenge the validity of such future assignment.   
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed. 

ARAMARK CORPORATION 
    
  Date:        November 26, 2013                      By:   /s/ Lynn B. McKee     
    Lynn B. McKee 
  Date:        October 18, 2013                    By:   /s/ Harrald Kroeker     
    Harrald Kroeker 

Schedule 1 
  Prior Works   *   

_____________________________   
   *    If no Prior Works are listed, Employee certifies that there are none. 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.67>
 5
 ex1067formofscheduleitoper.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.67

Exhibit 

Form of Schedule I 
  Performance Condition (PSU) 
    
  Performance Period  :    [                 ] 
  Cumulative Target - Adjusted Earnings Per Share  : $[   ] 
    
  A number of PSUs equal to a percentage of the Target Number of PSUs set forth on the Certificate of Grant will become Earned PSUs on the Determination Date based on the level of achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share during the Performance Period as set forth in the table below.  Achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share in between the performance levels set forth in the table below will be pro-rated based on linear interpolation (and the corresponding percentage of Target Number of PSUs will become Earned PSUs). 
    
                 Actual Adjusted Earnings per Share 
  Performance Level 
    Percentage of  
  Target Number of PSUs Earned 
      less than $[   ] 
    0% 
      $[   ] 
    50% 
      $[   ] 
    100% 
      $[   ] or greater 
    200% 
      $[   ] or greater 
    200% 

Adjusted Earnings per Share    means the quotient of (x) the cumulative Adjusted Net Income during the Performance Period   divided by   (y) Diluted Shares Outstanding. 
   Diluted Shares Outstanding    means [   ] shares.   
   Adjusted Net Income    means net income excluding: (a) cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income or loss from disposed or discontinued operations and any gains or losses on disposed or discontinued operations, all as determined in accordance with United States GAAP; (b) any incremental amortization or depreciation resulting from the application of purchase accounting to the 2007 going-private transaction; (c) any significant severance or other costs related to the Company s major restructuring efforts ; (d) any significant gains, losses or settlements that impact comparability between years; (e) any gain or loss from the early extinguishment of indebtedness including any hedging obligations or other derivative instrument and any changes in the fair value of gas and diesel fuel derivatives; (f) any share based  compensation expense or reversal recorded in accordance with US GAAP; (g) the effects of changes in foreign currency translation rates from such rates used in the calculation of the initial adjusted net income target; (h) the impact of acquisitions and divestitures that impacts the comparability with the target; and (i) the tax impact of the above adjustments to adjusted net income which represents the tax provision or benefit associated with the adjusted income or expenses using the appropriate tax rate. 
    
  Note:  The performance grid and the defined terms above also remain subject to further review and modification by the Committee     (and in the case of executive officers, subject to the approval of the Stock Committee)   within the first 90 days of the Performance Period. 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 6
 ex1068formofscheduleitoper.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.68

Exhibit 

Form of Schedule I  
  Performance Condition (Performance Restricted Stock) 
    
  Performance Period  :    [                    ] 
  Cumulative Target - Adjusted Earnings Per Share  : $[    ] 
    
  A number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock equal to a percentage of the Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock set forth on the Certificate of Grant will become Earned Shares of Performance Restricted Stock on the Determination Date based on the level of achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share during the Performance Period as set forth in the table below.  Achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share in between the performance levels set forth in the table below will be pro-rated based on linear interpolation (and the corresponding percentage of Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock will become Earned Shares of Performance Restricted Stock). 
    
                 Actual Adjusted Earnings per Share 
  Performance Level 
    Percentage of  
  Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock Earned 
      less than $[   ] 
    0% 
      $[   ] 
    50% 
      $[   ] 
    100% 
      $[   ]     or greater 
    200% 

Adjusted Earnings per Share    means the quotient of (x) the cumulative Adjusted Net Income during the Performance Period   divided by   (y) Diluted Shares Outstanding. 
   Diluted Shares Outstanding    means [    ] shares.   
   Adjusted Net Income    means net income excluding: (a) cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income or loss from disposed or discontinued operations and any gains or losses on disposed or discontinued operations, all as determined in accordance with United States GAAP; (b) any incremental amortization or depreciation resulting from the application of purchase accounting to the 2007 going-private transaction; (c) any significant severance or other costs related to the Company s major restructuring efforts ; (d) any significant gains, losses or settlements that impact comparability between years; (e) any gain or loss from the early extinguishment of indebtedness including any hedging obligations or other derivative instrument and any changes in the fair value of gas and diesel fuel derivatives; (f) any share based  compensation expense or reversal recorded in accordance with US GAAP; (g) the effects of changes in foreign currency translation rates from such rates used in the calculation of the initial adjusted net income target; (h) the impact of acquisitions and divestitures that impacts the comparability with the target; and (i) the tax impact of the above adjustments to adjusted net income which represents the tax provision or benefit associated with the adjusted income or expenses using the appropriate tax rate. 
    
  Note:  The performance grid and the defined terms above also remain subject to further review and modification by the Committee     (and in the case of executive officers, subject to the approval of the Stock Committee)   within the first 90 days of the Performance Period. 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 7
 ex1069formofscheduleitonon.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.69

Exhibit 

Schedule I (Stock Option Award with Relative TSR Vesting) 
  Performance Condition 
    
  Performance Period  :    [     ] 
  Relative TSR Condition 
    
  TSR Measurement Period  :  [    ] 
    
  Relative TSR Condition  :  The Relative TSR Condition shall be satisfied if the Company s Total Shareholder Return (as calculated below) during the TSR Measurement Period, as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the other companies within the Peer Group, is [               ].  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Relative TSR Condition is not satisfied, then all outstanding Options shall be forfeited and immediately cancelled. 
    
     Total Shareholder Return    means, with respect to any company, an amount (expressed as a percentage return) equal to: 
    
  (i) the sum of (x) the Ending Stock Price minus the Beginning Stock Price,   plus   (y) the amount of any dividends and distributions paid on a per share basis (calculated as if such dividends had been reinvested in the applicable company s common stock on the applicable dividend date) cumulatively over the performance period, 
    
  divided by 
    
  (ii) the Beginning Stock Price. 
    
     Beginning Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the first trading day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Ending Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the last day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Peer Group    means the following companies: 
    
  [                                ] 

Any company in the Peer Group that ceases to be publicly held during the TSR Measurement Period (i) due to bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, shall remain in the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition (with such company deemed to have a Total Shareholder Return of -100% and ranked at the bottom of the Peer Group) or (ii)  due to a merger, sale, acquisition, business combination or other similar event, shall be excluded from the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition. 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-10.70>
 8
 ex1070formofscheduleitores.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.70

Exhibit 

Schedule I (Restricted Stock Unit Award with Relative TSR Vesting) 
  Performance Condition 
    
  Performance Period  :    [     ] 
  Relative TSR Condition 
    
  TSR Measurement Period  :  [   ] 
    
  Relative TSR Condition  :  The Relative TSR Condition shall be satisfied if the Company s Total Shareholder Return (as calculated below) during the TSR Measurement Period, as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the other companies within the Peer Group, is [               ].  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Relative TSR Condition is not satisfied, then all outstanding RSUs shall be forfeited and immediately cancelled. 
    
     Total Shareholder Return    means, with respect to any company, an amount (expressed as a percentage return) equal to: 
    
  (i) the sum of (x) the Ending Stock Price minus the Beginning Stock Price,   plus   (y) the amount of any dividends and distributions paid on a per share basis (calculated as if such dividends had been reinvested in the applicable company s common stock on the applicable dividend date) cumulatively over the performance period, 
    
  divided by 
    
  (ii) the Beginning Stock Price. 
    
     Beginning Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the first trading day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Ending Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the last day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Peer Group    means the following companies: 
    
  [                                ] 

Any company in the Peer Group that ceases to be publicly held during the TSR Measurement Period (i) due to bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, shall remain in the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition (with such company deemed to have a Total Shareholder Return of -100% and ranked at the bottom of the Peer Group) or (ii)  due to a merger, sale, acquisition, business combination or other similar event, shall be excluded from the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition. 

</EX-10.70>

<EX-10.71>
 9
 ex1071formofscheduleitoper.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.71

Exhibit 

Form of Schedule I (Performance Restricted Stock Award with Relative TSR Vesting) 
  Performance Conditions 
    
  Performance Period  :    [      ] 
  Cumulative Target - Adjusted Earnings Per Share  : $[   ] 
    
  Subject to the satisfaction of the Relative TSR Condition (as defined below), a number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock equal to a percentage of the Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock set forth on the Certificate of Grant will become Earned Shares of Performance Restricted Stock on the Determination Date based on the level of achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share during the Performance Period as set forth in the table below.  Achievement of actual Adjusted Earnings per Share in between the performance levels set forth in the table below will be pro-rated based on linear interpolation (and the corresponding percentage of Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock will become Earned Shares of Performance Restricted Stock). 
    
                 Actual Adjusted Earnings per Share 
  Performance Level 
    Percentage of  
  Target Number of Shares of Performance Restricted Stock Earned 
      less than $[   ] 
    0% 
      $[   ] 
    50% 
      $[   ] 
    100% 
      $[   ] or greater 
    200% 

Adjusted Earnings per Share    means the quotient of (x) the cumulative Adjusted Net Income during the Performance Period   divided by   (y) Diluted Shares Outstanding. 
   Diluted Shares Outstanding    means [     ] shares.   
   Adjusted Net Income    means net income excluding: (a) cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, income or loss from disposed or discontinued operations and any gains or losses on disposed or discontinued operations, all as determined in accordance with United States GAAP; (b) any incremental amortization or depreciation resulting from the application of purchase accounting to the 2007 going-private transaction; (c) any significant severance or other costs related to the Company s major restructuring efforts ; (d) any significant gains, losses or settlements that impact comparability between years; (e) any gain or loss from the early extinguishment of indebtedness including any hedging obligations or other derivative instrument and any changes in the fair value of gas and diesel fuel derivatives; (f) any share based  compensation expense or reversal recorded in accordance with US GAAP; (g) the effects of changes in foreign currency translation rates from such rates used in the calculation of the initial adjusted net income target; (h) the impact of acquisitions and divestitures that impacts the comparability with the target; and (i) the tax impact of the above adjustments to adjusted net income which represents the tax provision or benefit associated with the adjusted income or expenses using the appropriate tax rate. 
    
  Note:  The performance grid and the defined terms above also remain subject to further review and modification by the Committee     (any such modification in the case of executive officers, subject to the approval of the Stock Committee)   within the first 90 days of the Performance Period. 

Relative TSR Condition 
    
  TSR Measurement Period  :  [      ]  
    
  Relative TSR Condition  :  The Relative TSR Condition shall be satisfied if the Company s Total Shareholder Return (as calculated below) during the TSR Measurement Period, as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the other companies within the Peer Group, is [         ].  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Relative TSR Condition is not satisfied, then all outstanding Shares of Performance Restricted Stock shall be forfeited and immediately cancelled. 
    
     Total Shareholder Return    means, with respect to any company, an amount (expressed as a percentage return) equal to: 
    
  (i) the sum of (x) the Ending Stock Price minus the Beginning Stock Price,   plus   (y) the amount of any dividends and distributions paid on a per share basis (calculated as if such dividends had been reinvested in the applicable company s common stock on the applicable dividend date) cumulatively over the performance period, 
    
  divided by 
    
  (ii) the Beginning Stock Price. 
    
     Beginning Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the first trading day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Ending Stock Price    means, with respect to any company, the average closing price per share of common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the last day of the TSR Measurement Period. 
    
     Peer Group    means the following companies: 
    
  [                                ] 

Any company in the Peer Group that ceases to be publicly held during the TSR Measurement Period (i) due to bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, shall remain in the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition (with such company deemed to have a Total Shareholder Return of -100% and ranked at the bottom of the Peer Group) or (ii)  due to a merger, sale, acquisition, business combination or other similar event, shall be excluded from the Peer Group for purposes of calculation of the Relative TSR Condition. 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-12.1>
 10
 ex12110-k2016aramarkratiot.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 

ARAMARK AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES   (A)   
  (Unaudited)  
  (In thousands)  

(A) 
    For the purpose of determining the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, earnings include pretax income (loss) from continuing operations plus fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest). Fixed charges consist of interest on all indebtedness (including capitalized interest) plus that portion of operating lease rentals representative of the interest factor (deemed to be one-third of operating lease rentals). 
      (B) 
    Fiscal 2014 was a 53 week year.  

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 ex211-listofsubsidiariesof.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiary 
      
    Jurisdiction of Formation 
      United States: 

1ST   Fresh, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      American Snack   Beverage, LLC 
      
    Florida 
      Aramark American Food Services, LLC   
      
    Ohio 
      Aramark Asia Management, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Aviation Services Limited Partnership 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Business   Industry, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Business Center, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Business Dining Services of Texas, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Business Facilities, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Campus, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Capital Asset Services, LLC 
      
    Wisconsin 
      Aramark Cleanroom Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Cleanroom Services (Puerto Rico), Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Concessions Services Joint Venture   
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Confection, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Construction Services, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Construction and Energy Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
                        Alt. Name: Aramark Asset Solutions 

Aramark Consumer Discount Company   
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Aramark Correctional Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Distribution Services, Inc. 
      
    Illinois 
      Aramark Educational Group, LLC   
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Educational Services of Texas, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Educational Services of Vermont, Inc. 
      
    Vermont 
      Aramark Educational Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Entertainment, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Executive Management Services USA, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Facility Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Business Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Campus Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Correctional Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Healthcare Support Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Kansas, Inc. 
      
    Kansas 
      Aramark FHC Refreshment Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC School Support Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC Sports and Entertainment Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FHC, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Food and Support Services Group, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Food Service of Texas, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Food Service, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark FSM, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Global, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Healthcare Support Services of the Virgin Islands, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Healthcare Support Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Healthcare Technologies, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Industrial Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Intermediate HoldCo Corporation 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Japan, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Lakewood Associates 
      
    Georgia 
      Aramark Management Services Limited Partnership 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Management, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Organizational Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Processing, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Rail Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark RBI, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 

Exhibit 21 

Aramark Receivables LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Refreshment Group, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Refreshment Services of Tampa, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Refreshment Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark S E/QCF Joint Venture 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Schools Facilities, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Schools, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark SCM, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Senior Living Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Senior Notes Company, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Services, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Services of Kansas, Inc. 
      
    Kansas 
      Aramark Services of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark SM Management Services, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark SMMS LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark SMMS Real Estate LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Sports and Entertainment Group, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Sports and Entertainment Services of Texas, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark Sports and Entertainment Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Sports Facilities, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Sports, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Technical Services North Carolina, Inc. 
      
    North Carolina 
      Aramark Togwotee, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark U.S. Offshore Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform   Career Apparel Group, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform   Career Apparel, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
                  Alt. Name: Aramark Uniform Services; Wearguard-Crest 

Aramark Uniform Manufacturing Company 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform Services (Matchpoint) LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform Services (Rochester) LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform Services (Syracuse) LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform Services (Texas) LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Uniform Services (West Adams) LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Venue Services, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark WTC, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark Chugach Alaska Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark-FINCO of Texas, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      Aramark-Gourmet DPS, LLC 
      
    Michigan 
      Aramark-KWAME of St. Louis, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark-SFS Healthcare J.V., L.L.C. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark/Giacometti Joint Venture 
      
    Oregon 
      Aramark/Globetrotters, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark/GM Concessions Joint Venture 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Aramark/Gourmet HE-1, LLC 
      
    North Carolina 
      Aramark/Gourmet HE-2, LLC 
      
    North Carolina 
      Aramark/Hart Lyman Entertainment, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark/HF Company 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Aramark/HMS, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark/Martin's Stadium Concession Services OPACY Joint Venture 
      
    Maryland 
      Aramark/QHC, LLC   
      
    Delaware 
      Aramark/SFS Joint Venture 
      
    Delaware 
      Brand Coffee Service, Inc. 
      
    Texas 
      Canyonlands Rafting Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Corporate Coffee Systems, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      D.G. Maren II, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Delicious on West Street LLC 
      
    New York 
      Delsac VIII, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Doyon/Aramark Denali National Park Concessions Joint Venture 
      
    Alaska 

Exhibit 21 

Filterfresh Coffee Service, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Filterfresh Franchise Group, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Fine Host Holdings, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve Concessions, LLC 
      
    Alaska 
      Gourmet Aramark Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Harrison Conference Associates, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Harrison Conference Services of North Carolina, LLC 
      
    North Carolina 
      Harry M. Stevens, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Harry M. Stevens, Inc. of New Jersey 
      
    New Jersey 
      Harry M. Stevens, Inc. of Penn. 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      HPSI Purchasing Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      L N Uniform Supply, LLC 
      
    California 
      Lake Tahoe Cruises, LLC 
      
    California 
      Landy Textile Rental Services, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Lifeworks Restaurant Group, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      MyAssistant, Inc. 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      New Aramark, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Old Time Coffee Co. 
      
    California 
      Olympic Peninsula Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Overall Laundry Services, Inc. 
      
    Washington 
      Paradise Hornblower, LLC 
      
    California 
      Philadelphia Ballpark Concessions Joint Venture 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Restaura, Inc. 
      
    Michigan 
      Rocky Mountain Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Rushmore Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      South Rim Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Sun Office Service, Inc. 
      
    Texas 
      Tarrant County Concessions, LLC 
      
    Texas 
      The Aramark Foundation 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Travel Systems, LLC 
      
    Nevada 
      Yosemite Hospitality, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

International: 

AIL Servicos Alimenticios e Participacoes Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 
      AIM Services Co. Ltd. 
      
    Japan 
      ARA Catering and Vending Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      ARA Coffee Club Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      ARA Coffee System Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      ARA Food Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      ARA Marketing Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      ARA Offshore Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark (BVI) Limited 
      
    British Virgin Islands 
      Aramark Airport Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
      Aramark Beverages Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Canada Ltd. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Canadian Investments Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Catering Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark CCT Trustees Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark China Holdings Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
      Aramark Cleaning S.A. 
      
    Belgium 
      Aramark Co. Ltd. 
      
    Korea 
      Aramark Colombia SAS 
      
    Colombia 
      Aramark Denmark ApS 
      
    Denmark 
      Aramark Entertainment Services (Canada) Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Global Group S.a.r.l. 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Aramark GmbH 
      
    Germany 

Exhibit 21 

Aramark Gulf Limited 
      
    United Kingdom  
      Aramark Gulf Limited Catering Services LLC 
      
    Qatar 
      Aramark Holdings GmbH   Co. KG 
      
    Germany 
      Aramark Holdings Ltd. 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark International Holdings S.a.r.l. 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Aramark Inversiones Latinoamericanas Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Aramark Investments Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Ireland Holdings Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Aramark Japan Holdings Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Kazakhstan Ltd. 
      
    Kazakhstan 
      Aramark KSA LLC 
      
    Saudi Arabia 
      Aramark Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Management GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Aramark Manning Services UK Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark Monclova Manufacturing de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark Monclova Support, S.A.de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark Norway SA 
      
    Norway 
      Aramark Partnership Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Peru Servicios de Intermediacion SRL 
      
    Peru 
      Aramark Peru, S.A.C. 
      
    Peru 
      Aramark Property Services Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Aramark Quebec Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Regional Treasury Europe DAC 
      
    Ireland 
      Aramark Remote Workplace Services Ltd. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Restaurations GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Aramark S.A. 
      
    Belgium 
      Aramark S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark SARL 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Aramark School Catering Facility Ltd.  
      
    Czech Republic 
      Aramark Service Industries (China) Co., Ltd. 
      
    China 
      Aramark Services SA 
      
    Belgium 
      Aramark Servicios de Catering, S.L. 
      
    Spain 
      Aramark Servicios Industriales, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark Servicios Integrales, S.A. 
      
    Spain 
      Aramark Servicios Mineros y Remotos Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Aramark Servicos Alimenticos e Participacoes Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 
      Aramark Sub Investments Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Trustees Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Uniform Holding de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Aramark Uniform Services (Canada) Ltd. 
      
    Canada 
      Aramark Uniform Services Japan Corporation 
      
    Japan 
      Aramark Workplace Solutions (UK) Ltd.  
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark Workplace Solutions Yonetim Hizmetleri Limited Sirketi  
      
    Turkey 
      Aramark Worldwide Investments Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Aramark, S.R.O. 
      
    Czech Republic 
      Aramark/Dasko Restaurant and Catering Services S.A. 
      
    Greece 
      ARAMONT Company Ltd. 
      
    Bermuda 
      Avoca Handweavers Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Avoca Handweavers NI Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Avoca Handweavers Shops Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Avoca Handweavers UK Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Beijing Golden Collar Dining Ltd. 
      
    China 
      Campbell Catering (Belfast) Ltd. 
      
    United Kingdom 
    
      Campbell Catering (N.I.) Ltd. 
      
    United Kingdom 
    
      Campbell Catering Holdings Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Campbell Catering Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Campbell Catering Ltd. 
      
    Ireland 

Exhibit 21 

Campbell Catering Services  
      
    Ireland 
      Catering Alliance Limited  
      
    United Kingdom 
      Caterwise Food Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      CDR Mantenimiento Integral S.A. 
      
    Chile 
      Central de Abastecimiento Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Central de Restaurantes Aramark Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Central de Restaurantes Aramark Multiservicios Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Central de Restaurantes S.R.L. 
      
    Argentina 
      Central Multiservicios S.R.L. 
      
    Argentina 
      Centrapal S.R.L.  
      
    Argentina 
      Centro de Innovacion y Servicio S.A. 
      
    Chile 
      Complete Purchasing Services Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Distributor JV Limited 
      
    British Virgin Islands 
      Effective Partnerships Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Food JV Limited 
      
    British Virgin Islands 
      Glenrye Properties Services Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Hunters Catering Partnership Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Instituto ICS S.A. 
      
    Chile 
      Inversiones Aramark Chile Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Inversiones Centralcorp Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Inversiones en Aseo y Mantenimiento S.A 
      
    Chile 
      Inversiones Palm Limitada 
      
    Chile 
      Irish Estates (Facilities Management) Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      MESA 
      
    Cayman Islands 
      Nissho Linen 
      
    Japan 
      Orange Support Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Premier Management Company (Dublin) Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Premier Partnership (Catering) Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Seguricorp Servicios S.A. 
      
    Chile 
      Spokesoft Technologies Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Stuart Cabeldu Catering Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      The Original Food Company Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Vector Environmental Services Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
    
      Vector Workplace and Facility Management Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Veris Property Management Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Veris UK Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 ex23110-k2016kpmgconsent.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors 
  Aramark: 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-192775 and 333-192776) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-202133), of Aramark of our reports dated   November 23, 2016  , with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Aramark and subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders  equity for each of the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   October 2, 2015   and   October 3, 2014  , and the related financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , which reports appear in the   September 30, 2016   annual report on Form 10-K of Aramark and subsidiaries. 
    
  /s/ KPMG LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  November 23, 2016    

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 ex31110-k2016armk.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Eric J. Foss, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:  
  1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aramark for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ;  
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
     5.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 23, 2016    
                 
      /s/ E  RIC   J.     F  OSS 
      Eric J. Foss 
      Chairman, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 ex31210-k2016armk.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that:  
  1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aramark for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
     5.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 23, 2016    
                 
      /s/ S  TEPHEN   P. B  RAMLAGE,   J  R. 
      Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 
      Executive Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 ex32110-k2016armk.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Annual Report of Aramark (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Eric J. Foss, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on each of our knowledge:  
  (1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
  (2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
  Date:   November 23, 2016    
                 
      /s/ E  RIC   J.     F  OSS 
      Eric J. Foss 
      Chairman, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer 

/s/ S  TEPHEN   P. B  RAMLAGE,   J  R. 
      Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. 
      Executive Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 armk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 armk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 armk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 armk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 armk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 armk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

