<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1169264_0001169264-16-000046_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11006953</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114114</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>445427</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4366514</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4648546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1216085</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001169264-16-000046.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108164535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001169264-16-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001169264
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				300041666
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32432
		FILM NUMBER:		161981792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8125 HIGHWOODS PALM WAY
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33647
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8136375000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8125 HIGHWOODS PALM WAY
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33647

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TSI TELECOMMUNICATION HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001169264-16-000046.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 svr-093016x10qword.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  _________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q  
     _________________________ 
  (Mark One)  
   For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  OR  
   For the transition period from                    to                      
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER    333-176382    
  _________________________ 
  SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  __________________________ 
    
                 Delaware 
    30-0041666 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

8125 Highwoods Palm Way  
  Tampa, Florida 33647  
  (Address of principal executive office)  
  (Zip code)  
  (813) 637-5000  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  ________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    o      No    x    
       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o    
       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                     Large accelerated filer    o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer   x 
    Smaller reporting company    o          

(Do not check if a smaller  reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes    o      No    x 
  The number of shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding at   November 4, 2016   was 1,000.  

1 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Glossary of Terms  
    3 
        
     PART I  
      
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
    6 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder Equity  
    7 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    8 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    9 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    31 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    47 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    47 
        
     PART II  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    48 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    48 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    48 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    48 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    48 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    48 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    49 
       Signatures  
    50 
       Index of Exhibits  
    51 

2 

Table of Contents  

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
                 Term 
    Definition 
      2011 Plan 
    2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
      4G 
    Fourth generation 
      A2P 
    Application to Peer 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      Carlyle 
    Investment funds affiliated with The Carlyle Group 
      CDMA 
    Code division multiple access 
      CNAM 
    Caller name directory 
      EIS 
    Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions 
      E.U. 
    European Union 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FCC 
    Federal Communications Commission 
      FCPA 
    Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
      GMAC 
    Guideline merged and acquired company 
      GPC 
    Guideline public company 
      GSM 
    Global system for mobiles 
      IASB 
    International Accounting Standards Board 
      IPX 
    Interworking packet exchange 
      LTE 
    Long-term evolution 
      M2M 
    Machine-to-machine 
      MNO 
    Mobile network operator 
      MTS 
    Mobile Transaction Services 
      MVNO 
    Mobile virtual network operators 
      NOL 
    Net operating loss 
      OFAC 
    The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury 
      OTT 
    Over-the-top provider 
      SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SS7 
    Signaling System 7 
      U.S. 
    United States of America 
      U.S. GAAP 
    Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
      VIE 
    Variable interest entity 
      VoLTE 
    Voice over LTE 

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

(2) 
    Amortization of unrecognized loss included in net periodic pension cost is shown net of income tax expense   of   $27   and   $61   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   net of income tax benefit   of   $22   and   $65   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
       
  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER EQUITY  
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS, INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1. Description of Business    
  Syniverse is the leading global transaction processor that connects MNOs and enterprises in nearly   200   countries enabling seamless mobile communications across disparate and rapidly evolving networks, devices and applications. We process transactions that include the authorization and delivery of end user traffic, clearing of billing records and settlement of payments. We also offer a unique portfolio of intelligent policy and charging tools that enable our customers to use real-time data generated by these transactions to deliver customized service and choices to their end-users. Our portfolio of mission-critical services enables our customers to connect to the mobile ecosystem, optimize their businesses and enhance and personalize the mobile experience for their end-users. We process nearly   4 billion   billable transactions daily and settle approximately   $17 billion   annually between our customers.  
  We are the leader in LTE roaming and interconnect, offering superior connectivity critical for delivering the advanced mobile experiences end-users have come to expect from 4G and other advanced mobile network technologies, including VoLTE. Our IPX network currently directly connects to nearly half of the global mobile population. We believe our global footprint and operational scale are unmatched in our industry. As a trusted partner with over 25 years of experience and a history of innovation, we believe we are well positioned to solve the technical, operational and financial complexities of the mobile ecosystem.  
  Our diverse customer base includes a broad range of participants in the mobile ecosystem, including approximately   1,000   MNOs and over   500   OTTs and enterprises. Our customers include 99 of the top 100 MNOs globally, such as Verizon Wireless, Am rica M vil, Vodafone, Telef nica, China Unicom and Reliance Communications; OTTs, including 3 of the 4 largest social networking sites in the U.S. and one of the largest social networking sites in China; and blue-chip enterprise customers, including the top 3 credit card networks worldwide and 2 multinational hotel brands.  
  The mobile experience is a critical and pervasive component of modern life and has become increasingly complex. Mobile devices have evolved from basic cellular phones to include smartphones, tablets, wearables and other connected devices that people now use to conduct an expanding set of activities in real-time, such as streaming videos, posting social media updates, working and shopping. As a result, today s mobile experience requires seamless and ubiquitous connectivity and coordination between MNOs, OTTs and enterprises across disparate and rapidly evolving networks, devices and applications. The failure to integrate any of these elements can disrupt service, resulting in frustrated end-users, erosion of our customers  brands and loss of revenue by our customers. Our proprietary services bridge these technological and operational complexities. 
  Syniverse provides approximately 60 mission-critical services to manage the real-time exchange of information and traffic across the mobile ecosystem, enhance our customers  brands and provide valuable intelligence about end-users. Our customers demand, and we deliver, high quality service as evidenced by our over 99.999% network availability.  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
    
  Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation  
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Syniverse Holdings, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and on a basis that is consistent with the accounting principles applied in our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   financial statements ). In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included and are of a normal, recurring nature. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in our   2015   financial statements. Operating results for the interim periods noted herein are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full year. 
    
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Syniverse Holdings, Inc. and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries and a VIE for which Syniverse is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. References to  Syniverse,   the Company,   us,  or  we  include all of the consolidated companies. Redeemable and nonredeemable noncontrolling interest is recognized for the portion of consolidated joint ventures not owned by us. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  In May 2016, we acquired a noncontrolling interest in Vibes Media LLC ( Vibes ) for   $45 million  . The investment consists of   $40 million   in cash and common shares of Syniverse Corporation valued at   $5 million  . The carrying amount of the  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

investment in the equity method investee as of   September 30, 2016   was   $44.3 million   and is included in Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition to our investment in Vibes, Syniverse and Vibes will partner to distribute Vibes  cloud-based mobile marketing software platform. Expenses incurred from commercial transactions with Vibes were   $0.3 million   and   $0.5 million   during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and the period from the investment date through   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
    Use of Estimates  
    
  We have prepared our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
          
  Customer Accounts  
    
  We provide financial settlement services to wireless operators to support the payment of roaming related charges to their roaming network partners. In accordance with our customer contracts, funds are held by us as an agent on behalf of our customers to settle their roaming related charges to other operators. These funds and the corresponding liability are not reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The off-balance sheet amounts totaled approximately   $309.7 million   and   $321.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
    Capitalized Software Costs              
    
  We capitalize the cost of externally purchased software, software licenses, internal-use software and developed technology that has a useful life in excess of one year. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internal-use software are capitalized only to the extent that they enable the software to perform a task it previously was unable to perform. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Capitalized software and developed technology are amortized using the straight-line method over a period of   3   to   5 years   and   3   to   8 years  , respectively. 
    
  Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
    
    Goodwill represents the excess purchase price of acquired businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is instead tested for impairment, at least annually on October 1, or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. We have not identified any components within our single operating segment and, hence, have a single reporting unit for purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis. 
       
  When evaluating goodwill for impairment, the Company may first perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. This qualitative assessment is commonly referred to as a "step zero" approach. If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, the Company determines it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company performs a two-step impairment test. In connection with our annual goodwill impairment analysis at October 1, 2015, the fair value of our reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. In the first quarter of 2016, we observed a decline in the fair value of our senior notes when evaluating whether events or changes in circumstances indicated that it is more likely than not that a potential goodwill impairment exists. We concluded that the decline in the fair value of our senior notes at that time was not suggestive of a material decline in the fair value of our reporting unit from the annual goodwill impairment analysis date. In the future, our reporting unit may be at risk of impairment if our operating results decline.  
    
  Indefinite-lived intangible assets are comprised of tradenames and trademarks. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment, at least annually on October 1, or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. When evaluating indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assess for impairment, the Company may first perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, the Company determines it is more-likely-than-not that the identifiable intangible asset is impaired, the Company performs a two-step impairment test.  
    
  The methodology used to determine the fair value of a reporting unit and other indefinite-lived intangible assets includes assumptions with inherent uncertainty, including projected sales volumes and related projected revenues, profitability and cash  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

flows, long-term growth rates, royalty rates that a market participant might assume and judgments regarding the factors to develop an applied discount rate. The carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is at risk of impairment if future projected revenues, long-term growth rates or long-term profitability and cash flows are lower than those currently projected, or if factors used in the development of a discount rate result in the application of a higher discount rate. 
    
    Foreign Currencies  
    
  We have operations in subsidiaries in Europe (primarily the United Kingdom, Germany and Luxembourg), India and the Asia-Pacific region, each of whose functional currency is their local currency. Gains and losses on transactions denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currencies are included in   Other, net   in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we recorded foreign currency transaction   gains   of   $0.5 million   and   $2.7 million  , respectively. For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we recorded foreign currency transaction gains of   $2.4 million   and losses of   $0.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar are translated at the period-end rate of exchange. The resulting translation adjustment is recorded as a component of   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   and is included in Stockholder equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Transaction gains and losses on intercompany balances which are deemed to be of a long-term investment nature are also recorded as a component of   Accumulated other comprehensive loss  . Revenues and expenses within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations are translated at the average rates prevailing during the period.  
      Segment Information  
    
  We have evaluated our portfolio of service offerings, reportable segment and the financial information reviewed by our chief operating decision maker for purposes of making resource allocation decisions. We operate as a single operating segment, as our Chief Executive Officer, serving as our chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on the basis of our consolidated financial results for purposes of making resource allocation decisions.  
    
  Revenues by service offerings were as follows:   

11 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues by geographic region, based on the  bill to  location on the invoice, were as follows: 

Reclassifications of Prior Year Presentation 
    
  We reclassified investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, which included our equity method investment in Link2One at December 31, 2015, from Other assets to Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in the condensed consolidated balance sheets to conform to the current year presentation. The reclassification had no effect on our reported results of operations or cash flows. 

3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which is included in ASC Topic 230. ASU 2016-15 includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various treatments of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows under ASC Topic 230. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to each period presented. We are currently assessing the impact of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses  , which is included in the ASC in Topic 326. ASU 2016-13 changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured at fair value through net income. The update will replace the incurred loss approach with an expected credit loss model. It also would require entities to present unrealized losses from available-for-sale debt securities as allowances rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost of the securities. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020. We are currently assessing the impact of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which is included in the ASC in Topic 718. ASU 2016-09 includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  , which is included in the ASC in Topic 323. ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement to apply the equity method of accounting  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a previously held investment. Instead, the equity method of accounting will be applied prospectively from the date significant influence is obtained. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which is included in the ASC in Topic 842. ASU 2016-02 is intended to improve financial reporting related to leasing transactions. ASU 2016-02 requires recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for most leases. The effect on the statement of comprehensive income and the statement of cash flows is largely unchanged from current GAAP. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   which is included in the ASC in Topic 606. ASU 2014-09 was issued as a converged guidance with the IASB on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers and is intended to improve the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts with customers by providing a principle based approach to the recognition of revenue. The update includes a five-step framework with applicable guidance, which supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance. This update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Early application of the standard is permitted on January 1, 2017. We are currently assessing the impact of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

4. Detail of Accrued Liabilities    
    
    Accrued liabilities   consisted of the following: 

13 

Table of Contents  

5. Debt and Credit Facilities    
    
  Our total outstanding debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows: 

Amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing costs for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $3.5 million   and   $11.1 million  , respectively. Amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing costs for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was   $3.3 million   and   $9.8 million  , respectively. Amortization is included in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  Senior Credit Facility  
    
  On April 23, 2012, we entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Buccaneer LLC (as successor by merger to Buccaneer Holdings, Inc.), Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, swing line lender and letters of credit issuer, and the other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party thereto, providing for a senior credit facility (the  Senior Credit Facility ) consisting of (i) a   $950.0 million   term loan facility (the  Initial Term Loans  and (ii) a   $150.0 million   revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) for the making of revolving loans, swing line loans and issuance of letters of credit. The unused commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility was   $150.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  On June 28, 2013, the Company borrowed   $700.0 million   of incremental term loans (the  Tranche B Term Loans ), pursuant to an incremental amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
    
  On April 15, 2016, we made principal payments of approximately   $36.2 million   toward the Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans as required pursuant to the Excess Cash Flow provision of the Credit Agreement. Commencing on December 31, 2018, our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans will resume amortizing in quarterly installments in an amount equal to   0.25%   per quarter of the original principal amount thereof, with the remaining balance due at the final maturity. 
    
  9.125% senior unsecured notes due 2019 
    
  On December 22, 2010, we issued   $475.0 million   senior unsecured notes bearing interest at   9.125%   that will mature on   January 15, 2019   (the  Senior Notes ).   Interest on the Senior Notes is paid on January 15 and July 15 of each year  . 
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

6. Stock-Based Compensation    
       
  Effective April 6, 2011, Syniverse Corporation, our indirect parent, established the 2011 Plan for the employees, consultants and directors of Syniverse Corporation and its subsidiaries. The 2011 Plan provides incentive compensation through grants of incentive or non-qualified stock options, stock purchase rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units or any combination of the foregoing. Syniverse Corporation will issue shares of its common stock to satisfy equity based compensation instruments. 
       
  Stock-based compensation expense for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

The following table summarizes our stock option activity under the 2011 Plan for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :   

The fair value of options granted during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:  
                  Risk-free interest rate 
    1.36% 
       Volatility factor 
    30.33% 
       Dividend yield 
     % 
       Weighted average expected life of options (in years) 
    6.25 

15 

     Table of Contents  

Restricted stock is issued and measured at fair value on the date of grant. The following table summarizes our restricted stock activity under the 2011 Plan for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

7. Employee Termination Benefits and Restructuring    
    
  The following table summarizes the activity in our employee termination benefit liabilities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :  

Employee termination benefits represents non-retirement post-employment benefit costs including severance, benefits and other employee related costs that are unrelated to a restructuring plan. 
    
  The following table summarizes the activity in our restructuring liabilities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :    

In March 2016, we implemented a restructuring plan (the  March 2016 restructuring plan ) to realign costs and expenses with revenue trends across our portfolio, reducing costs associated with certain of our legacy products and services to provide for increased investment in our growth businesses. As a result of this plan, we incurred severance related costs of   $14.1 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   which is included in Restructuring expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. We have paid   $11.6 million   related to this plan as of   September 30, 2016   and anticipate nearly all cash outlays to take place in the year ending December 31, 2016. 
    
  We expect to pay the remainder of the benefits outstanding under each of these plans by the end of the second quarter of 2017.      

8. Income Taxes    
       
  We provide for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as for those deferred due to timing differences between reporting income and expenses for financial statement purposes versus tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in income tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. The effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , was a provision of  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

42.7%   and a benefit of   41.4%  , respectively. The effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , was a benefit of   45.9%   and   40.0%  , respectively.   The change in our effective tax rate was chiefly attributable to (i) impact of certain discrete items and (ii) relative mix of earnings and losses in the U.S. versus foreign tax jurisdictions.    
    
  We, and our eligible subsidiaries, file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return under Syniverse Corporation, our parent company. All subsidiaries incorporated outside of the U.S. are consolidated for financial reporting purposes; however, they are not eligible to be included in our consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Separate provisions for income taxes have been recorded for these entities. We intend to reinvest substantially all of the unremitted earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries and postpone their remittance indefinitely. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. income taxes for these non-U.S. subsidiaries was recorded in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

9. Commitments and Contingencies    
    
  We are currently a party to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe such claims and legal actions, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have considered all of the claims and disputes of which we are aware and have provided for probable losses, which are not material to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

10. Fair Value Measurements    
    
  The accounting standards for fair value require disclosure about how fair value is determined for assets and liabilities and establishes a hierarchy for which these assets and liabilities must be grouped, based on significant levels of inputs. The three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies, is as follows:  
    
  Level 1   Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. 
    
  Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
    
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
    
  Transfers between levels are determined at the end of the reporting period. No transfers between levels have been recognized for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  Cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at their carrying value, which approximate their fair value due to their short maturity. 
    
  From time to time, we measure certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis, specifically long-lived assets evaluated for impairment. We estimate the fair value of our long-lived assets using company-specific assumptions which would be categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  The carrying value and fair value of our long-term debt, excluding original issue discount and deferred financing costs, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:  

The fair values of the Initial Term Loans, the Tranche B Term Loans and the Senior Notes were based upon quoted market prices in inactive markets for similar instruments (Level 2). 
  
   17 

11. Related Party Transactions    
    
  Arrangements with Carlyle  
       
  On January 13, 2011, we entered into a   ten  -year consulting agreement with Carlyle under which we pay Carlyle a fee for consulting services Carlyle provides to us and our subsidiaries. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we recorded   $0.8 million   and   $2.4 million  , respectively, of expenses in each period associated with the consulting fee and the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we recorded   $0.7 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  Carlyle, from time to time, participates as a debt holder within the syndicate under our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans. As of   September 30, 2016  , Carlyle held   $52.2 million   and   $25.6 million   of our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans, respectively. As of   December 31, 2015  , Carlyle held   $51.0 million   and   $20.5 million   of our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans, respectively. 
    
  From time to time, and in the ordinary course of business we may engage other Carlyle portfolio companies as service providers and other Carlyle portfolio companies may engage us as a service provider. Revenues and expenses associated with these related parties were not material during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

12. Other Operating Income    
    
  In the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded a   $5.5 million   gain related to a one-time transfer of certain data center equipment from a vendor to Syniverse at no cost. The non-cash gain was measured at fair value using current prices for similar assets (Level 2 input) and is included in Other operating income in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

13. Supplemental Consolidating Financial Information    
       
  We have presented supplemental condensed consolidating balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of comprehensive (loss) income and statements of cash flows for Syniverse Holdings, Inc., which we refer to in this footnote only as Syniverse, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors and the subsidiary non-guarantors for all periods presented to reflect the guarantor structure under the Senior Notes. The supplemental financial information reflects the investment of Syniverse, Inc. using the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Syniverse, Inc. s payment obligations under the Senior Notes are guaranteed by the 100% owned subsidiary guarantors, subject to certain exceptions. Syniverse, Inc. s other subsidiaries are included as non-guarantors (collectively, the  Subsidiary Non-Guarantors ). Such guarantees are irrevocable, full, unconditional and joint and several. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET (UNAUDITED)  
  AS OF   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016     (IN THOUSANDS)   

19 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)  
  FOR THE   THREE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

20 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   THREE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

21 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

22 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

23 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)  
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

24 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  AS OF   DECEMBER 31, 2015    
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

25 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)  
  FOR THE   THREE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (IN THOUSANDS)  

26 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   THREE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

27 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

28 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

29 

     Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)  
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  (IN THOUSANDS) 

30 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements  
    
  Certain of the statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, those included in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  may constitute  forward-looking statements  for purposes of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as  believes,   expects,   may,   will,   should,   could,   seeks,   intends,   plans,   estimates,   anticipates  or other comparable terms and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not related to present facts or current conditions or that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and growth strategies and the industries in which we operate and including, without limitation, statements relating to our future performance.  
    
  Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry development may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, even if our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and industry development are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties described or referenced in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements relating to our operations and business include: 

system failures or delays which could harm our reputation; 
                
    our reliance on third-party providers for communications software, hardware and infrastructure; 
                
    our ability to acquire and integrate complementary businesses and technologies; 
                
    our ability to realize the expected benefits of the MACH and Aicent acquisitions; 
                
    our ability to adapt quickly to technological and other changes; 
                
    our newly offered services may not perform as anticipated; 
                
    the loss of any of our significant customers; 
                
    the failure to achieve or sustain desired pricing levels; 
                
    consolidation among, or network buildouts by, customers could cause us to lose transaction volume and affect pricing; 
                
    the reduction of services by existing customers; 
                
    increased competition; 
                
    our customers may develop in-house solutions and no longer use our services; 
                
    the success of our international expansion is uncertain; 
                
    political instability in certain countries where we operate; 
                
    our compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations; 
                
    our ability to receive and retain licenses or authorizations required to conduct our business internationally, including in countries targeted by economic sanctions; 
                
    security breaches which could result in significant liabilities; 
                
    changes in the regulatory landscape affecting us and our customers; 
                
    additional costs and liabilities for maintaining customer privacy; 
                
    failure to protect our intellectual property rights or claims by third parties that we infringe on their intellectual property rights; 
                
    our ability to achieve desired organic growth; 
                
    our ability to service our debt, including the Senior Notes; 
                
    the significant influence Carlyle has over corporate decisions; 
                
    fluctuation in currency exchange rates and international tax compliance risks; and 
                
    impairment of our intangible assets or goodwill. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

These cautionary statements should not be construed by you to be exhaustive and are made only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends, or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

Business  
       
  Syniverse is the leading global transaction processor that connects MNOs and enterprises in nearly   200   countries enabling seamless mobile communications across disparate and rapidly evolving networks, devices and applications. We process transactions that include the authorization and delivery of end-user traffic, clearing of billing records and settlement of payments. We also offer a unique portfolio of intelligent policy and charging tools that enable our customers to use the real-time data generated by these transactions to deliver customized services and choices to their end users. Our portfolio of mission-critical services enables our customers to connect to the mobile ecosystem, optimize their businesses and enhance and personalize the mobile experience for their end-users. We process nearly   4 billion   billable transactions daily and settle approximately   $17 billion   annually between our customers.  
  We are the leader in LTE roaming and interconnect, offering superior connectivity critical for delivering the advanced mobile experiences end-users have come to expect from 4G and other advanced mobile network technologies, including VoLTE. Our IPX network currently directly connects to nearly half of the global mobile population. We believe our global footprint and operational scale are unmatched in our industry. As a trusted partner with over 25 years of experience and a history of innovation, we believe we are well positioned to solve the technical, operational and financial complexities of the mobile ecosystem.  
  Our diverse customer base includes a broad range of participants in the mobile ecosystem, including approximately   1,000   MNOs and over   500   OTTs and enterprises. Our customers include 99 of the top 100 MNOs globally, such as Verizon Wireless, Am rica M vil, Vodafone, Telef nica, China Unicom and Reliance Communications; OTTs, including 3 of the 4 largest social networking sites in the U.S. and one of the largest social networking sites in China; and blue-chip enterprise customers, including the top 3 credit card networks worldwide and 2 multinational hotel brands.  
  The mobile experience is a critical and pervasive component of modern life and has become increasingly complex. Mobile devices have evolved from basic cellular phones to include smartphones, tablets, wearables and other connected devices that people now use to conduct an expanding set of activities in real-time, such as streaming videos, posting social media updates, working and shopping. As a result, today s mobile experience requires seamless and ubiquitous connectivity and coordination between MNOs, OTTs and enterprises across disparate and rapidly evolving networks, devices and applications. The failure to integrate any of these elements can disrupt service, resulting in frustrated end-users, erosion of our customers  brands and loss of revenue by our customers. Our proprietary services bridge these technological and operational complexities. 
  Syniverse provides approximately 60 mission-critical services to manage the real-time exchange of information and traffic across the mobile ecosystem, enhance our customers  brands and provide valuable intelligence about end-users. Our customers demand, and we deliver, high quality service as evidenced by our over 99.999% network availability. Our comprehensive suite of Mobile Transaction Services and Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions includes the services described below. 
    
    Mobile Transaction Services  : Transaction-based services that are designed to support the long-term success of our MNO customers. Through Mobile Transaction Services, we: 

Clear, process, and exchange end-user billing records. 
                
    Process and settle payments between participants in the mobile ecosystem. 
                
    Activate, authenticate and authorize end-user mobile activities. 
                
    Manage the worldwide routing and delivery of text (SMS), multimedia (MMS) and next generation messaging. 
                
    Provide data transport services over our global IP data network regardless of technology protocol. 
                
    Provide intelligent policy and charging tools that enable our customers to use real-time data for improved end-user experience. 
                
    Provide risk management tools to prevent fraudulent activity on operator networks and identify problem areas in the end to end billing cycle. 
     
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions  : Services that bridge OTTs and enterprises with MNOs and incorporate our real-time intelligence capabilities to enable all of our customers to serve their end-users. Through Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions, we: 
             
    Connect enterprises to the mobile ecosystem to allow them to reliably reach and interact with their customers and employees via mobile devices. 
                
    Bridge OTTs to the mobile ecosystem allowing OTT end-users to seamlessly interact with traditional mobile end-users. 
                
    Enable enterprises to rapidly execute and optimize their mobile communications initiatives. 
                
    Provide data analytics and business intelligence solutions designed to measure, enhance and secure the end-user experience for our enterprise customers. 
                
    Provide solutions to enable MNOs to measure and manage the subscriber experience across networks. 
       
  Executive Overview  
  Financial Highlights 
  Revenues   decreased     $27.3 million  , or   12.2%  , to   $196.6 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , from   $223.9 million   for the same period in   2015  . Operating income   increased     $0.5 million   to income of   $18.2 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from income of   $17.7 million   for the same period in   2015  .   Net loss     increased     $11.3 million   to a   loss   of   $17.2 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from a loss of   $5.8 million   for the same period in   2015  .   Net loss   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   includes an   increase   in   provision for (benefit from) income taxes   of   $10.1 million  . Adjusted EBITDA   decreased     $8.5 million  , or   10.4%  , to   $72.8 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $81.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to   Net loss  . 
       
  Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations 
    
  Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results of operations discussed under  Results of Operations  below: 

rapid technological change and changing customer demands, such as the evolution of LTE networks, the replacement of CDMA networks and the evolution of the OTT ecosystem that may bypass or compete with MNO networks for certain services. Our success depends on our ability to adapt to our rapidly changing market by continually improving the features, functionality, reliability and responsiveness of our existing services and by successfully developing, introducing and marketing new features, services and applications to meet changing customer demands; 
                
    the rate at which new entrants to the mobile ecosystem adopt our services in order to connect to other mobile participants which will affect the extent to which new entrants potentially seek to utilize our services, which will affect transaction volumes and revenue;  
                
    downward pressure on the prices we charge for our services from our existing customers as we enter into contract renewals, which could have a negative impact on our revenues and margins; 
                
    the extent to which our customers buildout or expand their own networks, which could have a negative impact on transaction volume from those customers and on our revenue; 
                
    our ability to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of the MACH and Aicent businesses; 
                
    costs associated with our international operations, including integration of acquired international operations, compliance with applicable foreign regulations and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may differ from historical experience and our projections, which could impact our earnings; 
                
    the rate of growth associated with our expanded international operations and geographic reach, which may lead to an increase in our number of customer and transaction volumes and would affect our future revenue growth; 
                
    our ability to execute on currently pending and future cost savings initiatives, including efficient resource allocation, management realignment and other activities; 
     
   33 

     Table of Contents  

the extent to which current or future customers develop in-house solutions to provide analogous services or seek alternative providers of our services, which could reduce the number of services we provide their customers and our overall termination volumes which would have a negative impact on our revenue; 
                
    consolidation in the mobile industry which may result in reduced transaction volumes, and, as a result, have a negative impact on our revenue; 
                
    the extent to which increasingly complex requirements and changes in the regulatory landscape drive the need for enhancements to our existing services and infrastructure, the development of new compliance oriented services and the design and implementation of internal control procedures and processes, any of which may increase operational costs and burdens which could reduce our operating margins. Our ability to adapt to these new requirements and provide compliant services also could improve our competitive position and generally drive growth in demand for our services, which would drive growth in our revenue; and 
                
    proposed European Commission regulations that may affect our MNO customers  roaming charges and increase downward pressure on the prices we charge for our data clearing services. A decrease in roaming charges may also lead to an increase in the number of roaming transactions, as the cost to end-users for such transactions would be reduced, and such an increase could drive growth in the number of transactions we process, which could positively affect our revenue. 
       
  Revenues  
  Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, service has been rendered or delivery has occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The majority of our revenues are derived from transaction-based charges under long-term contracts, typically with three-year terms. From time to time, if a contract expires and we have not previously negotiated a new contract or renewal with the customer, we continue to provide services under the terms of the expired contract as we negotiate new agreements or renewals. A majority of the services and solutions we offer to our customers are provided through applications, connectivity, and technology platforms owned and operated by us. 
  We derive revenues primarily from transaction-based and monthly recurring fees paid to us by our customers for various types of mobile services. A majority of our revenues were generated by transaction-based fees. These fees are based upon the number of records or transactions processed or the size of data records processed or both, and may include tier-based pricing and additional fees for volume above an agreed-upon threshold. Monthly recurring fees are based upon contractual provisions that require set, predictable payments each month. Due to the nature of our services, any single end-user call, data session or message often generates multiple transactions and payments from multiple customers. For all of our transaction-based services, we recognize revenues at the time the transactions are processed. We also recognize fixed fees as revenues on a monthly basis as the related services are performed. We defer revenues and related incremental customer-specific costs for customer implementations and recognize such revenues and related costs on a straight-line basis over the life of the initial customer contract.  
  Certain of our customer contracts include bundled services and are therefore accounted for as multiple-element arrangements. We evaluate multiple-element arrangements to determine whether the deliverables included in the arrangement represent separate units of accounting. We allocate the arrangement consideration among the separate units of accounting using the relative selling price method. Then, we apply the applicable revenue recognition criteria in ASC 605 to each of the separate units of accounting to determine the appropriate period and pattern of recognition. 
  Costs and Expenses    
  Our costs and expenses consist of cost of operations, sales and marketing, general and administrative, depreciation and amortization, employee termination benefits, restructuring and acquisition expense.  
             
    Cost of operations includes data processing costs, network costs, variable costs, such as revenue share service provider arrangements and message termination fees, facilities costs, hardware costs, licensing fees, personnel costs associated with service implementation, training and customer care and off-network database query charges. Variable costs are paid to third party providers and are direct costs that fluctuate either as a percentage of revenue or by the number of transactions processed.  
                
    Sales and marketing includes personnel costs, advertising and website costs, trade show costs and related marketing costs.  
     
   34 

     Table of Contents  

General and administrative includes research and development expenses, a portion of the expenses associated with our facilities, business development expenses, and expenses for executive, finance, legal, human resources and other administrative departments and professional service fees relating to those functions. Our research and development expenses, consisting primarily of personnel costs, relate to technology creation, enhancement and maintenance of new and existing services.  
                
    Depreciation and amortization relate primarily to our property and equipment, capitalized software and identifiable intangibles including our SS7 network, computer equipment, infrastructure facilities related to information management and other identifiable intangible assets recorded in purchase accounting.  
                
    Employee termination benefits represents non-retirement post-employment benefit costs including severance, benefits and other employee related costs that are unrelated to a restructuring plan. 
                
    Restructuring represents costs related to certain exit activities such as involuntary termination costs and contract termination costs associated with a restructuring plan. 
                
    Acquisition includes professional services costs, such as legal, tax, audit and transaction advisory costs related to the Aicent Acquisition. 

Results of Operations -   Three Months Ended September 30,   2016   and   2015 
    
  The following table presents an overview of our results of operations for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues  
    
  Revenues   decreased     $27.3 million  , or   12.2%  , to   $196.6 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $223.9 million   for the same period in   2015  .  
    
  Revenue from Mobile Transaction Services   decreased     $27.4 million  , or   14.3%  , to   $163.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $191.1 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decline was primarily attributable to declines in our clearing and settlement services driven by volume reductions across our CDMA portfolio of   $8.8 million   and competitive pricing pressure partially offset by volume increases across our GSM clearing and settlement suite of   $4.1 million  . Also contributing to the reduction were declines in our messaging and data optimization services totaling   $5.5 million   as a result of the loss of a large MVNO customer in the third quarter of 2015 and declines in our signaling services of   $6.6 million  , primarily related to volume reductions in CDMA partially offset by volume growth in GSM/LTE. Revenues were also impacted by a decline in certain lower margin non-strategic services that management has decided to de-emphasize, substantially offset by continued organic growth within our IPX, fraud and policy and charging solutions. 
    
  Revenue from Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions   increased     $0.1 million  , or   0.4%  , to   $33.0 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $32.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The increase was driven primarily by volume growth in our A2P messaging services and growth in our mobile engagement services, mostly offset by declines in mobile intelligence services provided to certain mobile operators. 
    
  Costs and Expenses  
    
  Costs and expenses   decreased     $27.8 million   to   $178.4 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $206.2 million   for the same period in   2015  .  
    
  Cost of operations   decreased     $8.0 million   to   $88.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $96.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . The table below summarizes our cost of operations by category:  

The   decrease   in headcount and related costs for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was driven by a reduction in headcount resulting from our March 2016 restructuring plan and lower variable compensation costs. 
    
  Variable costs   increased     $5.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period. The   increase   in variable costs was primarily due to volume growth in our messaging services. Other elements of Cost of Operations for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   were generally lower as a result of lower volume related costs, reductions in data center expansion costs and lower network circuit costs as a result of our cost savings initiatives.  
    
  As a percentage of revenues, cost of operations was   44.9%   and   43.0%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Sales and marketing   expense   decreased     $3.2 million   to   $16.2 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $19.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in sales and marketing expense was due primarily to lower headcount resulting from our March 2016 restructuring plan and lower variable compensation. As a percentage of revenues, sales and marketing expense was   8.2%   and   8.7%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  General and administrative   expense   decreased     $9.0 million   to   $25.9 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $34.9 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in general and administrative expense was due primarily to  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

lower headcount related costs resulting from our March 2016 restructuring plan, a reduction in professional services costs and other cost saving initiatives and lower share-based and variable compensation. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expense was   13.2%   and   15.6%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization   expense   decreased     $2.7 million   to   $52.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $55.5 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   was driven by   $1.6 million   lower amortization of intangible assets, including capitalized software, resulting from our pattern of consumption amortization method for customer related intangibles valued in the MACH Acquisition and a   decrease   of   $1.1 million   for depreciation of property and equipment primarily driven by lower capital expenditures. 
    
  Other operating income   includes a gain of $5.5 million as a result of a one-time transfer of certain data center equipment to Syniverse at no cost during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  Other Income (Expense), net  
    
  Interest expense, net   decreased     $0.3 million   to   $30.5 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $30.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   was due primarily to lower interest on the Initial Term Loans and the Tranche B Term Loans as a result of our debt payment in April 2016. 
    
  Other, net     decreased     $1.9 million   to a   $0.5 million     gain   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from a   $2.4 million     gain   for the same period in   2015   primarily due to the weakening of the Euro value in 2015. 
    
  Benefit from Income Taxes  
    
  We recorded an income tax   provision   of   $5.1 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to a   benefit   of   $5.0 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate was a   provision   of   42.7%   and a   benefit   of   45.9%  , respectively. The change in our effective tax rate was chiefly attributable to (i) impact of certain discrete items and (ii) relative mix of earnings and losses in the U.S. versus foreign tax jurisdictions. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations -   Nine Months Ended September 30,   2016   and   2015 
    
  The following table presents an overview of our results of operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Revenues  
    
  Revenues   decreased     $60.9 million  , or   9.4%  , to   $588.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $649.7 million   for the same period in   2015  . Foreign currency translation contributed $1.6 million to the decline in revenue. 
    
  Revenue from Mobile Transaction Services   decreased     $63.6 million  , or   11.5%  , to   $490.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $553.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . Foreign currency translation contributed $1.5 million to the decline in revenue. The balance of the decline was primarily attributable to declines in our clearing and settlement services driven by volume reductions across our CDMA portfolio of   $26.1 million   and competitive pricing pressure partially offset by volume increases across our GSM clearing and settlement suite of   $7.5 million  . Also contributing to the reduction were declines in our messaging and data optimization services totaling   $19.1 million   as a result of the loss of a large MVNO customer in the third quarter of 2015 and declines in our signaling services of $5.1 million, primarily related to volume reductions in CDMA partially offset by volume growth in GMS/LTE. Revenues were also impacted by approximately   $13.0 million   of revenue declines derived from a combination of discontinued services related to end-of-life Blackberry technology and de-emphasized certain lower margin non-strategic services, substantially offset by   $12.2 million   of organic growth within our IPX, fraud and policy and charging solutions.   
    
  Revenue from Enterprise   Intelligence Solutions   increased     $2.7 million  , or   2.8%  , to   $98.5 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $95.9 million   for the same period in   2015  . The increase was driven by a combination of volume growth in our A2P messaging services and organic growth in our mobile engagement revenues as more enterprise customers  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

adopt and implement mobile marketing strategies, partially offset by declines in mobile intelligence services provided to certain mobile operators. 
    
  Costs and Expenses  
    
  Costs and expenses   decreased     $41.1 million   to   $580.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $621.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . Included in costs and expenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was a   $14.5 million   charge related to the implementation of the March 2016 restructuring plan. 
    
  Cost of operations   decreased     $23.2 million   to   $273.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $296.1 million   for the same period in   2015  . The table below summarizes our cost of operations by category:  

The   decrease   in headcount and related costs for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was driven by a reduction in headcount resulting from the March 2016 restructuring plan. 
    
  Variable costs   increased     $6.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period. The   increase   in variable costs was primarily due to volume growth in our messaging services, partially offset by a one-time message termination expense in 2015. Other elements of Cost of Operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were generally lower as a result of lower volume related costs, reductions in data center expansion costs and lower network circuit costs as a result of our cost savings initiatives.  
    
  As a percentage of revenues, cost of operations was   46.4%   and   45.6%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Sales and marketing   expense   decreased     $3.7 million   to   $54.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $57.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in sales and marketing expense was due primarily to lower share-based and variable compensation and cost savings initiatives. As a percentage of revenues, sales and marketing expense was   9.2%   and   8.9%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  General and administrative   expense   decreased     $14.3 million   to   $87.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $101.7 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in general and administrative expense was due primarily to lower headcount related costs resulting from the March 2016 restructuring plan, a reduction in professional services costs and other cost saving initiatives and lower variable compensation, partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expense was   14.8%   and   15.7%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization   expense   decreased     $9.4 million   to   $156.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $165.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   was driven by   $6.1 million   lower amortization of intangible assets, including capitalized software, resulting from our pattern of consumption amortization method for customer related intangibles valued in the MACH Acquisition and a   decrease   of   $3.3 million   for depreciation of property and equipment primarily driven by lower capital expenditures. 
    
  Restructuring   expense was   $14.5 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The   increase   was primarily driven by severance costs related to the March 2016 restructuring plan. See   Note 7   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the restructuring plan.  

39 

     Table of Contents  

Other operating income   includes a gain of $5.5 million as a result of a one-time transfer of certain data center equipment to Syniverse at no cost during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  Other Income (Expense), net  
    
  Interest expense, net   increased     $0.5 million   to   $92.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $91.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The   increase   was due primarily to amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing costs, partially offset by lower interest on the Initial Term Loans and the Tranche B Term Loans as a result of our debt payment in April 2016. 
    
  Other, net     increased     $3.1 million   to a   $2.7 million     gain   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from a   $0.4 million     loss   for the same period in   2015   primarily due to the weakening of the pound sterling in June 2016 and the weakening of the Euro value in 2015. 
    
  Benefit from Income Taxes  
    
  We recorded an income tax   benefit   of   $33.6 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to a   benefit   of   $25.5 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate was a   benefit   of   41.4%   and   40.0%  , respectively. The change in our effective tax rate was chiefly attributable to (i) impact of certain discrete items and (ii) relative mix of earnings and losses in the U.S. versus foreign tax jurisdictions.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
       
  Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to meet our debt service obligations is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans.  
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are expected to be cash flow from operations and we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet currently anticipated business needs, including short and long-term capital expenditures and working capital requirements. In addition, we believe that our liquidity is sufficient to fund our debt repayment obligations. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities in the future. Our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes. Annually as required pursuant to the Excess Cash Flow provision of the Credit Agreement (as defined below) we are required to make a mandatory principal payment on our Senior Credit Facility equal to 50% of the Excess Cash Flow as defined in the Credit Agreement and determined as of December of each year. Historically, we have been successful in obtaining financing, although the marketplace for such financing may become restricted depending on a variety of economic and other factors. As of   September 30, 2016   approximately 54% of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries. 
    
  We may from time to time seek to prepay, repurchase or otherwise retire or extend our debt or debt securities and/or take other steps to reduce our debt or otherwise improve our financial position. These actions may include open market debt repurchases, privately negotiated repurchases, other retirements of outstanding debt, and/or opportunistic refinancing of debt. The amount of debt that may be repurchased or otherwise retired or refinanced, if any, will depend on market conditions and prices, our cash position, contractual restrictions, including compliance with debt covenants and other considerations. Our affiliates may also purchase our debt or debt securities from time to time, through open market purchases or other transactions. In such cases, our debt may not be retired, in which case we would continue to pay interest in accordance with the terms of the debt, and we would continue to reflect the debt as outstanding in our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  We believe that our cash on hand, together with cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next twelve months. To the extent we require supplemental funding for our operating activities, we may need access to the debt and equity markets; however, there can be no assurances such funding will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flow 
       
  Cash and cash equivalents were   $106.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $166.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The following table summarizes the activity within our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.    

Net cash provided by operating activities   was   $78.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to   net cash provided by operating activities   of   $97.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   was primarily due to:  

decreased   net income adjusted for non-cash items of   $32.5 million   primarily due to lower operating income as compared to the prior year period. 
       
  The decrease was partially offset by: 

increased   cash provided by   working capital of   $13.9 million   due primarily to a decrease in accounts receivable, other accruals and lower income tax payments, partially offset by an increase in the payment of annual performance-based compensation and timing of payments to vendors. 
           
    Net cash used in investing activities   was   $83.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $44.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The   increase   was driven by: 

cash used for investment in Vibes of   $40.5 million  ; and  

a   decrease   in proceeds from divestitures of   $2.2 million  . 
       
  The increase was partially offset by:  

decreased   capital expenditures of   $3.9 million   primarily due to reductions in investments for acquisition integration activities. 
       
    Net cash used in financing activities   was   $55.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to   $16.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The   increase   was due to: 

distributions to Syniverse Corporation of   $5.0 million   in 2016 due to share repurchases in connection with share-based compensation as compared to contributions of   $0.9 million   in 2015. 
       
  Debt and Credit Facilities  
    
  Senior Credit Facility  
    
  On April 23, 2012, we entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Buccaneer LLC (as successor by merger to Buccaneer Holdings, Inc.), Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, swing line lender and letters of credit issuer, and the other financial institutions and lenders that are from time to time a party thereto, providing for a senior credit facility  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

(the  Senior Credit Facility ) consisting of (i) a   $950.0 million   term loan facility (the  Initial Term Loans  and (ii) a   $150.0 million   revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) for the making of revolving loans, swing line loans and issuance of letters of credit.  
    
  On June 28, 2013 the Company borrowed   $700.0 million   of incremental term loans (the  Tranche B Term Loans ), pursuant to the incremental amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
    
  On April 15, 2016, we made principal payments of approximately   $36.2 million   toward the Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans as required pursuant to the Excess Cash Flow provision of the Credit Agreement. Commencing on December 31, 2018, our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans will resume amortizing in quarterly installments in an amount equal to 0.25% per quarter of the original principal amount thereof, with the remaining balance due at the final maturity. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying amount of our outstanding indebtedness under the Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans, excluding original issue discount and deferred financing costs, was   $891.1 million   and   $663.2 million  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016  , the applicable interest rate was 4.00% on these term loans based on the Eurodollar rate loan option.  
    
  Pursuant to the Senior Credit Facility, the financial maintenance covenant requires that our consolidated senior secured debt ratio, as of June 30, 2016 and the end of each fiscal quarter ended thereafter, be less than or equal to 5.00:1.00, if required to be tested. We are only required to comply with the covenant if the aggregate amount of any revolving credit loans, any swing line loans or any letter of credit obligations (excluding letter of credit obligations not in excess of $10 million and any letters of credit which are cash collateralized to at least 105% of their maximum stated amount) outstanding exceeds 25% of all revolving credit commitments. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Availability to draw on the Revolving Credit Facility is conditioned on, among other things, the consolidated senior secured debt ratio not exceeding 5.00:1.00 after giving pro forma effect to the applicable borrowing thereunder. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 23, 2017. 
    
  9.125% senior unsecured notes due 2019 
    
  On December 2, 2010, we issued $475.0 million senior unsecured notes bearing interest at 9.125% that will mature on January 15, 2019 (the  Senior Notes ). Interest on the notes is paid on January 15 and July 15 of each year. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
  Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are not presentations made in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives to net loss, operating income, revenues or any other performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP as measures of operating performance or operating cash flows or liquidity. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are measures commonly used by investors to evaluate our performance and that of our competitors. We further believe that the disclosure of Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow is useful to investors, as these non-GAAP measures form the basis of how our executive team and Board of Directors evaluate our performance. By disclosing these non-GAAP measures, we believe that we create for investors a greater understanding of, and an enhanced level of transparency into, some of the means by which our management team operates and evaluates our Company and facilitates comparisons of current period s results with prior periods. 
  In addition, these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies in our industry or otherwise. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We attempt to compensate for these limitations by relying primarily upon our U.S. GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow as supplemental information only. 
  Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow have important limitations as analytical tools and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. For example, some of the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA are as follows: 
             
    excludes certain tax payments or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt that may represent a reduction in cash available to us;  
                
    does not reflect any cash capital expenditure requirements for the assets being depreciated and amortized that may have to be replaced in the future; 
     
   42 

     Table of Contents  

does not reflect cash outlays for future contractual commitments;  
                
    does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 
                
    does not reflect the significant interest expense on our debt.  
     Adjusted EBITDA is determined by adding the following items to   net loss  : other expense, net, excluding the impact of   equity loss in investee  ;   benefit from income taxes  ; depreciation and amortization; employee termination benefits; restructuring; non-cash stock-based compensation; acquisition expense; other operating income; business development, integration and other expenses; CEO transition costs; and the Carlyle annual management fee including related expenses. 
  We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful financial metric to assess our operating performance from period to period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business. We rely on Adjusted EBITDA as a primary measure to review and assess the operating performance of our management team in connection with our executive compensation and bonus plans. We also review Adjusted EBITDA to compare our current operating results with prior periods and with the operating results of other companies in our industry. In addition, we utilize Adjusted EBITDA as an assessment of our overall liquidity and our ability to meet our debt service obligations. Adjusted EBITDA is also a measure calculated in accordance with our Credit Agreement and used under the indenture governing our Senior Notes. 
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures to GAAP 
  A reconciliation of   net loss  , the closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA is presented in the following tables: 

(a) 
    Reflects employee termination benefits expense which represents severance and other employee related costs that are unrelated to a restructuring plan. 
              (b) 
    Reflects restructuring expense which represents costs related to certain exit activities such as involuntary termination costs and contract termination costs associated with a restructuring plan. 
              (c) 
    Reflects non-cash expenses related to equity compensation awards. 
              (d) 
    Reflects expenses associated with the Aicent Acquisition, including professional services costs, such as legal, tax, audit and transaction advisory costs.  
              (e) 
    Reflects a one-time transfer of certain data center equipment to Syniverse at no cost. 
              (f) 
    Reflects items associated with business development activities; integration activities, such as incremental contractor, travel and marketing costs; CEO transition costs; and other expenses such as certain advisory services, employee retention, and certain data center migration costs.  
              (g) 
    Reflects management fees paid to Carlyle and related expenses pursuant to a consulting agreement with Carlyle.  

44 

     Table of Contents  

Free Cash Flow is determined by adding the result of net cash provided by operating activities adjusted for acquisition expense less capital expenditures. 
  We use Free Cash Flow as a measure to review and evaluate the operating performance of our management team in connection with our executive compensation and bonus plans. Additionally, we believe this is a useful metric for investors to assess our ability to repay debt. 
  A reconciliation of   net cash provided by operating activities  , the closest GAAP measure, to Free Cash Flow is presented in the following table:  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
  We provide financial settlement services to MNOs to support the payment of roaming related charges to their roaming network partners. In accordance with our customer contracts, funds are held by us as an agent on behalf of our customers to settle their roaming related charges to other MNOs. These funds and the corresponding liability are not reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The off-balance sheet amounts totaled approximately   $309.7 million   and   $321.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  We have also used off-balance sheet financing in recent years primarily in the form of operating leases for facility space and equipment and we expect to continue these practices. We do not use any other type of joint venture or special purpose entities that would create off-balance sheet financing. We believe that our decision to lease office space is similar to that used by many other companies of our size. We intend to continue to enter into operating leases for facilities and equipment as these leases expire or additional capacity is required.  

Related Party Transactions 
    
  Arrangements with Carlyle  
    
  On January 13, 2011, we entered into a   ten  -year consulting agreement with Carlyle under which we pay Carlyle a fee for consulting services Carlyle provides to us and our subsidiaries. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   , we recorded   $0.8 million   and   $2.4 million   of expenses in each period, respectively, associated with the consulting fee and the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we recorded   $0.7 million   and   $2.3 million   of expenses in each period, respectively. 
       
  Carlyle, from time to time, participates as a debt holder within the syndicate under our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans. As of   September 30, 2016  , Carlyle held   $52.2 million   and   $25.6 million   of our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans, respectively. As of   December 31, 2015  , Carlyle held   $51.0 million   and   $20.5 million   of our Initial Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loans, respectively. 
    
  From time to time, and in the ordinary course of business we may engage other Carlyle portfolio companies as service providers and other Carlyle portfolio companies may engage us as a service provider. Revenues and expenses associated with these related parties were not material during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  There have been no material changes to our Contractual Obligations disclosure as filed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
  
   45 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
       
  The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances; however, actual results may vary from these estimates and assumptions under different future circumstances. 
       
  There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates disclosure as filed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

46 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
  Interest Rate Market Risk  
  We have exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on our Term Loan Facilities. Our Term Loan Facilities are subject to variable interest rates dependent upon the Eurodollar rate floor. Under the credit agreement governing our Term Loan Facilities, the Eurodollar rate floor is 1.00% and the base rate floor is 2.00%. Interest rate changes therefore generally do not affect the market value of such debt but do impact the amount of our interest payments and, therefore, our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. As of   September 30, 2016  , a one-eighth percent change in assumed interest rates on our Term Loan Facilities would result in $1.9 million of additional interest expense.  
  Foreign Currency Market Risk  
  Although the majority of our operations are conducted in U.S. dollars, a portion of our foreign operations are conducted in Euros and Great British Pounds. On a less significant basis, we conduct operations in the various currencies of the Asia-Pacific region, Canada and Latin America. Consequently, a portion of our revenues and expenses are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We are also affected by fluctuations in exchange rates on assets and liabilities related to our foreign operations. We have not hedged our translation risk on foreign currency exposure through the use of derivative instruments.  
  A 10% change in average foreign currency rates against the U.S. dollar during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   would have increased or decreased our revenues and   net loss   by approximately $11.0 million and $3.8 million, respectively. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls  
  Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on the evaluation, as of   September 30, 2016  , our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  

47 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
    
  OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
  We are currently a party to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe such claims and legal actions, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. For a discussion identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion of risk factors disclosed under the caption  Risk Factors  in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
  None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  On November 3, 2016, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) of Syniverse Holdings, Inc. ( Syniverse  or the  Company ) voted to increase the size of the Board from eight (8) to nine (9) directors in accordance with Section 1 of Article III of the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws. 
    
  On November 3, 2016, the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, elected Daniel S. Mead to serve as a director of the Board effective immediately.  There are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which Mr. Mead was elected as a director, and there are no related party transactions between the Company and Mr. Mead reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.   
    
  For his service as a director of the Board, Mr. Mead will receive an annual cash retainer of $75,000.  In addition, Mr. Mead will receive an annual grant of restricted stock units issued under the Syniverse Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan with a fair market value equal to $150,000.  All cash and equity compensation received by Mr. Mead for his Board service shall be prorated for his first year of service. 

48 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
                   Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      #10.1 
      
    Third Amendment to the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of Syniverse Corporation (formerly known as the 2011 Equity Plan of Buccaneer Holdings, Inc.) (1) 
      *31.1 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer. 
      *31.2 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Financial Officer. 
      **32.1 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer. 
      **32.2 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Financial Officer. 
      101 
      
    The following financial information from Syniverse Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholder Equity, (v) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Notes:  
           (1) 
    Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Syniverse Holdings, Inc. on August 11, 2016. 
              * 
    Filed herewith  
              ** 
    Furnished herewith  
              # 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

49 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
    
                   S  YNIVERSE   H  OLDINGS  , I  NC  . 
      By: 
      
    /s/  ROBERT F. REICH 

Robert F. Reich Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 8, 2016 

50 

Table of Contents  

INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
                   Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      #10.1 
      
    Third Amendment to the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of Syniverse Corporation (formerly known as the 2011 Equity Plan of Buccaneer Holdings, Inc.) (1) 
      *31.1 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer. 
      *31.2 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Financial Officer. 
      **32.1 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer. 
      **32.2 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Financial Officer. 
      101 
      
    The following financial information from Syniverse Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholder Equity, (v) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Notes:  
           (1) 
    Incorporated by reference from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Syniverse Holdings, Inc. on August 11, 2016. 
              * 
    Filed herewith  
              ** 
    Furnished herewith  
              # 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 svr-93016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Stephen C. Gray, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:   
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of   Syniverse Holdings, Inc.  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Syniverse Holdings, Inc. 
      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ STEPHEN C. GRAY 

Stephen C. Gray 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 svr-93016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Robert F. Reich, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of   Syniverse Holdings, Inc.  ;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Syniverse Holdings, Inc. 
      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/  ROBERT F. REICH 

Robert F. Reich 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 svr-93016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  
  In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Syniverse Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), I, Stephen C. Gray, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
               /s/ STEPHEN C. GRAY 
      Stephen C. Gray 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

The above certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 svr-93016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  
  In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Syniverse Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), I, Robert F. Reich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
               /s/  ROBERT F. REICH 
      Robert F. Reich 
      Chief Financial Officer 

The above certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 svr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 svr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 svr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 svr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 svr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 svr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

