<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1010858_0001193125-16-758639_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4891199</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137645</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>298112</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>854615</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2107578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1261662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758639.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103142635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758639
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FAIRMOUNT SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001010858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36670
		FILM NUMBER:		161971151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8834 MAYFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			CHESTERLAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44026
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-255-7263

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8834 MAYFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			CHESTERLAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44026

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FMSA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140818

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FML HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758639.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d253033d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 001-36670        
       FAIRMOUNT
SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  34-1831554   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    8834 Mayfield Road   
  Chesterland, Ohio 44026   
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)   
  (800) 255-7263   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, par value
$0.01 per share, as of October 31, 2016: 222,766,186          

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   
  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   
    Table of Contents       

Page  

Part I   Financial Information   

Item 1   Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)    

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Loss)   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity   

6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

8 

Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations   

25 

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk   

37 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures   

37 

Part II   Other Information    

38  

Item 1   Legal Proceedings   

38 

Item 1A   Risk Factors   

38 

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

38 

Item 3   Defaults upon Senior Securities   

38 

Item 4   Mine Safety Disclosures   

38 

Item 5   Other Information   

39 

Item 6   Exhibits   

39 

Signatures    

40  

Exhibit Index    

41  

2  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)   
  (Unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
  (Unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (Unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity   
  (Unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  Significant Accounting Policies        Basis of Presentation   
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (which
are of a normal, recurring nature) and disclosures necessary for a fair statement of the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income, and cash flows of the reported interim periods. The condensed consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other interim
period. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements as filed in the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and notes thereto and information
included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
    Change in Classification     In the three months ended
June 30, 2016, the Company changed the classification of certain operating expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). Previously, the Company classified expenses incurred related to the downturn in the proppant market
as  restructuring and other charges.  The Company now further classifies these types of expenses between asset impairments and restructuring charges. All periods presented have been restated accordingly. See Note 15 for
further detail.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements     In
April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03    Interest   Imputation of Interest  (Subtopic 835-30). Under Subtopic 835-30, debt
issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The guidance is required to be applied on a
retrospective basis beginning January 1, 2016. Accordingly, the Company applied this guidance to its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in the first quarter of 2016. See Note 4 for further detail.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02    Leases  (ASC 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e., lessees and lessors). The ASU requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or
not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease,
respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
for all leases with a term of greater than twelve months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for
operating leases today. The ASU requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. The ASU is expected to
impact the Company s consolidated financial statements as the Company has certain operating and land lease arrangements for which it is the lessee. ASC 842 supersedes the previous leases standard, ASC 840    Leases . The ASU
is effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial statements and disclosures.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09    Compensation   Stock Compensation  (Topic 718), which provides guidance on simplified
accounting for and presentation of share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, minimum tax withholding requirements, forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement
of cash flows. The ASU requires all tax effects of share-based payments to be recorded through the income statement, windfall tax benefits to be recorded when the benefit arises, and all share-based payment tax-related cash flows to be reported
as operating activities in the statement of cash flows. Regarding tax withholding requirements, the ASU allows entities to withhold an amount up to the employees  maximum individual tax rates without classifying the award as a
liability. The ASU also permits entities to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on expense recognition, either recognized when forfeitures are estimated or when forfeitures occur. The ASU is expected to impact
the Company s financial statements and disclosures as the Company makes share-based payments to its employees. The ASU is effective beginning January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating
the impact of this new guidance on its financial statements and disclosures but, at this stage, does not believe it will early-adopt the ASU.   In April and
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10    Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , ASU No. 2016-11    Revenue Recognition and Derivatives and Hedging   Recession of SEC
Guidance , and ASU No. 2016-12    Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . These ASU s each affect the guidance of the new revenue recognition standard in ASU No.
2014-09    Revenue from Contracts with Customers  and related subsequent ASUs. This guidance is effective beginning January 1, 2018. The Company has begun to review its contracts with customers in both of its business segments to
determine, among other items, its performance obligations and transaction prices stated in the contracts. This review is in very early stages and, therefore, it is not yet possible to evaluate the effect of the new guidance on its financial
statements and disclosures.   In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15    Statement of Cash Flows   Classifications of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments  (Topic 230). The ASU reduces diversity in the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, namely debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement
of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies ( COLIs ) [including bank-owned life insurance policies ( BOLIs  distributions received from equity method
investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The guidance is effective beginning January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The
guidance is required to be applied retrospectively for periods presented. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its financial statements and disclosures.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

2.  
  Inventories       At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, inventories consisted of the following:  

3.  
  Property, Plant, and Equipment       At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, property, plant, and
equipment consisted of the following:      
   Under  ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment , the Company is required to evaluate the recoverability of the carrying
amount of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Based on the continuing adverse business conditions and the idling of certain assets, the Company
evaluated certain of its asset groups that contained mineral reserves and other long-lived assets contained in the Proppant Solutions segment and concluded that the carrying amounts of those assets were not recoverable. Fair value was
determined by prices obtained from third parties for the assets and from estimating the net present value of the future cash flows over the life of the assets. Critical assumptions for these valuations included future selling prices of
products, future operating costs, and the cost of capital. The Company incurred $0 and $4,169 of such asset impairments in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $90,654 and $10,644 in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These impairments are recorded as asset impairments in operating expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 If the ongoing uncertainty in oil and gas markets continues, it is possible that additional assets, both tangible and intangible, could be subject to
additional impairment losses in future periods. 
      10  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
  Long-Term Debt       At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, long-term debt consisted of the following:
     
   As detailed in  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  in Note 1, ASU 2015-03 dictates that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The  Deferred financing costs, net  line in the table above is
the application of this new guidance.   On September 5, 2013, the Company entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  2013
Amended Credit Agreement ). The 2013 Amended Credit Agreement initially contained a revolving credit facility ( Revolving Credit Facility ) and two tranches of term loans, a term B-1 facility ( Term B-1 Loans ) and a
term B-2 facility ( Term B-2 Loans ). The Revolving Credit Facility, the Term B-1 Loans, and the Term B-2 Loans are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s domestic assets. 
 The 2013 Amended Credit Agreement was amended in March 2014, April 2015, and May 2015 as well as joinder agreements as of August 2014 and September
2014. These amendments and joinder agreements made various changes to maturity dates and interest rate margins. In addition, amounts that were initially Term B-1 Loans and balances on the Revolving Credit Facility were converted into term
loans with essentially the same terms as the Term B-2 Loans (the  Extended Term B-1 Loans ). The applicable margin for B-1 and B-2 Base Rate loans was 2.5% and the margin on B-1 and B-2 Eurodollar Rate loans was 3.5%. 
 On September 30, 2015, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2013 Amended Credit Agreement that modified the Revolving Credit Facility. These
modifications consisted primarily of (i) a reduction in the U.S. revolving commitments from $124,000 to $99,000 (while the aggregate Canadian revolving commitment remained at $1,000) and (ii) changes in the financial covenant governing the
availability of amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility if, and only if, the Company has drawn, including letters of credit, more than $31,250 on the Revolving Credit Facility. Generally, if the Company s leverage ratio is greater than
4.75:1.00 during the period from the third quarter of 2015 through the fourth quarter of 2016, so long as the stated quarterly adjusted EBITDA thresholds are exceeded, the amount available to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility is increased
from $31,250 to $40,000. Commencing with the end of the first quarter of 2017, the quarterly adjusted EBITDA thresholds are discontinued and the full amount of the revolving commitment ($100,000) is available so long as the Company s
leverage ratio does not exceed a revised limit (6.50:1.00 for the first quarter of 2017 declining quarterly to 4.75:1.00 for the fourth quarter of 2017). As of September 30, 2016, the Company s leverage ratio was 96.0:1.00.  
 On April 28, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2013 Amended Credit Agreement that extended the maturity of certain of the Term B-1 Loans to
July 15, 2018 (the  2016 Extended Term Loans ). The Company made a prepayment of accrued interest of $227 and principal of $69,580 on April 28, 2016 to the lenders consenting  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
to the amendment. Accrued interest on the extended remainder of the Term B-1 Loan is due at maturity on July 15, 2018. Under the terms of the agreement, the change in the maturities of
the Term B-1 Loans and the 2016 Extended Term Loans are as follows:      

(A) 
 - The principal payment shown for April 28, 2016 represents a prepayment of principal to the lenders consenting to the extended maturity.    

(B) 
 - These amounts do not reflect the amortization of original issue discounts.      Accrued interest related to the
$16,723 principal payment due on March 17, 2017 will also be due on the same date, as shown above. The applicable base rate margin on the interest rate for the Base Rate Term B-1 Loans, the Extended Term B-1 Loans, the 2016 Extended Term Loans,
and the Term B-2 Loans is 2.5% and the applicable margin on the interest rate for the Eurodollar Term B-1, Extended Term B-1, 2016 Extended Term Loans, and the Term B-2 Loans is 3.5%. The Eurodollar Extended Term B-1, 2016 Extended Term, and
Term B-2 Loans all contain a 1% rate floor, plus the applicable margin. The Term B-1 Loan does not contain any type of interest rate floor.    As of
September 30, 2016, Term B-1 Loans, Term B-2 Loans, Extended Term B-1 Loans, the 2016 Extended Term Loans, and the Revolving Credit Facility had interest rates of 4.4%, 4.5%, 4.5%, 4.5%, and 4.3%, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there was $17,432 available unused capacity on the Revolving Credit Facility and $13,818 committed to outstanding letters of
credit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility.    The Company has a $10,000 Industrial Revenue Bond
outstanding related to the construction of a manufacturing facility in Wisconsin. The bond bears interest, which is payable monthly, at a variable rate. The rate was 0.91% at September 30, 2016. The bond matures on September 1, 2027
and is collateralized by a letter of credit of $10,000.    On October 17, 2016, subsequent to the end of the third quarter, the Company re-purchased $3,000
of the Extended Term B-1 Loans at 91.5% of par. The related gain on this debt re-purchase will be recognized in the three months ended December 31, 2016.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

5.  
  Earnings (Loss) per Share      The table below shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Because the Company incurred a loss in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the impact
of dilution has not been included in the earnings per share calculation as the effect of including these potential common shares would be antidilutive.     

6.  
  Derivative Instruments       The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements as a means to partially
hedge its variable interest rate risk on debt instruments. The current notional value of these swap agreements is $525,225, which represents a total of approximately 46% of term debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 and effectively fixes the
variable rate in a range of 0.83% to 3.115% for the portion of the debt that is hedged. The interest rate swap agreements mature at various dates between March 15, 2017 and September 5, 2019.  
 The derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair values. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in
current earnings or in other comprehensive income, depending on whether a derivative is designated as part of a hedging relationship and, if it is, depending on the type of hedging relationship. For cash flow hedges in which the Company is
hedging the variability of cash flows related to a variable-rate liability, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported in other comprehensive income in the periods during which earnings are impacted by the
variability of the cash flows of the hedged item. The ineffective portion of all hedges is recognized in current period earnings. As interest expense is accrued on the debt obligation, amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) related to the interest rate swaps are reclassified into income to obtain a net cost on the debt obligation equal to the effective yield of the fixed rate of each swap. In the event that an interest rate swap is terminated prior to
maturity, gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) remain deferred and are reclassified into earnings in the periods in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings.  
 The Company formally designates and documents instruments at inception that qualify for hedge accounting of underlying exposures in accordance with
GAAP. Both at inception and for each reporting period, the Company assesses whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure.  
 The following table summarizes the fair values and the respective classification in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  In order to represent the ineffective portion of interest rate swap agreements designated as hedges, the
Company recognized in interest expense the following in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:     
   The Company expects $6,982 to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense within
the next twelve months.     

7.  
  Fair Value Measurements       Financial instruments held by the Company include cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, long-term debt (including the current portion thereof) and interest rate swaps. The Company is also liable for contingent consideration from an acquisition that is subject to fair value measurement. Fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the Company utilizes certain assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and/or the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique.  
 Based on the examination of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide the following information according to the fair
value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Financial assets and liabilities at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:      

Level 1  
    
   Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities   

Level 2  
    
   Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market
data   

Level 3  
    
   Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data   
   A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement.    The book value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered to be
representative of their fair values because of their short maturities. The carrying value of the Company s long-term debt (including the current portion thereof) is recognized at amortized cost. The fair value of the Term B-1 Loans,
the Extended Term B-1 Loans, the 2016 Extended Term Loans, and the Term B-2 Loans differs from amortized costs and is valued at prices obtained from a readily-available source for trading non-public debt, which represent quoted prices for identical
or similar assets in markets that are not active, and therefore is considered Level 2.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
The following table presents the fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for the Company s long-term debt:  
   
   The following table presents the amounts carried at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for the
Company s other financial instruments.     

8.  
  Common Stock and Stock-Based Compensation       The Company granted options to purchase 1,740 and 1,631
shares of common stock in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The average grant date fair value was $2.24 and $3.96 for options issued in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
Company issued restricted stock units ( RSUs ) of 1,025 and 363 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company issued performance restricted stock units ( PRSUs ) of 481 and 0 in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
   In the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded approximately $2,135 of stock compensation expense related to a
modification of the retirement provisions of the Company s Long Term Incentive Plans. The  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
modification allows retirement-eligible participants (defined as age 55, plus 10 years of service) to continue to vest in options following retirement, and also allows retired participants to
exercise options for up to 10 years from grant date.     

9.  
  Income Taxes       The Company computes and applies to ordinary income an estimated annual effective tax rate
on a quarterly basis based on current and forecasted business levels and activities, including the mix of domestic and foreign results and enacted tax laws. The estimated annual effective tax rate is updated quarterly based on actual results
and updated operating forecasts. Ordinary income refers to income (loss) before income tax expense excluding significant, unusual, or infrequently occurring items. The tax effect of an unusual or infrequently occurring item is recorded in
the interim period in which it occurs as a discrete item of tax.    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a tax benefit of
$20,013 on a loss before income taxes of $40,636 resulting in an effective tax rate of 49.2%, compared to a tax expense of $28,117 on a loss before income taxes of $18,012 resulting in an effective tax rate of negative 156.1% for the same period of
2015. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to the impact of depletion as well as a tax benefit from a loss carryback, applied against forecasted results in 2016 as compared to 2015. The effective rate differs
from the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the benefit from a loss carryback and depletion.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recorded a tax benefit $98,786 on a loss before income taxes of $219,058 resulting in an effective tax rate of 45.1%, compared to a tax expense of $12,057 on income before income taxes of $10,949 resulting in an effective tax rate of 110.1%
for the same period of 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to a decrease in the impact of depletion applied against forecasted results in 2016 as compared to forecasted results in 2015. The effective rate
differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the benefit from a loss carryback and depletion.     

10.  
  Defined Benefit Plans       The Company maintained two defined benefit pension plans, the Wedron pension plan
and the Troy Grove pension plan, covering union employees at certain facilities that provide benefits based upon years of service or a combination of employee earnings and length of service. The benefits under the Wedron plan were frozen
effective December 31, 2012.   Net periodic benefit cost recognized for other Company defined benefit pension plans for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      
   The Company contributed $59 and $48 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total
expected employer contributions during the year ending December 31, 2016 are $76.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

11.  
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)       The components of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) attributable to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
   The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following table presents the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016:      

Amount reclassified  

from accumulated  

other comprehensive  

Affected line item on   
 
    Details about accumulated other comprehensive income   
    
  income  

the statement of income    

Change in fair value of derivative swap agreements  

Interest rate hedging contracts  
    
 $ 
 4,963 

Interest expense  
 
   Tax effect  

(1,738 
 )  
    
 Tax expense (benefit)  

$  
  3,225  

Net of tax    
 
   Amortization of pension obligations  

Prior service cost  
    
 $ 

Cost of sales  
 
   Actuarial losses  

175 

Cost of sales  

175 

Total before tax  
 
   Tax effect  

Tax expense  

175 

Net of tax  

Total reclassifications for the period  
    
  $  
  3,400  

Net of tax   

12.  
  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities       The Company has entered into numerous mineral rights agreements,
in which payments under the agreements are expensed as incurred. Certain agreements require annual payments while other agreements require payments based upon annual tons mined and others a combination thereof.  
 The Company has entered into agreements with third party terminal operators whereby certain minimum payments are due regardless of terminal utilization. 
 The Company leases certain machinery, equipment (including railcars), buildings and office space under operating lease arrangements. Total rent expense
associated with these leases was $51,130 and $50,681 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    The Company is subject to a
contingent consideration arrangement related to the purchase of Self-Suspending Proppant LLC ( SSP ), which was accounted for as an acquisition of a group of assets. The contingent consideration is based on a fixed percentage of the
cumulative product margin, less certain adjustments, generated by sales of Propel SSP and other products incorporating SSP technology for the five years commencing on October 1, 2015. The Company entered into an amendment to this agreement on
December 17, 2015. This amendment (a) extends the period during which the aggregate earnout payments must equal or exceed $45,000 from the two-year period ending October 1, 2017 until the three-year period ending October 1, 2018; and (b)
provides that the aggregate earnout payments during the two-year period ending October 1, 2017 must equal or exceed $15,000 and granted the Seller a security interest in 51% of the equity interests in the Company to secure such $15,000. The
amendment does not alter the final threshold earnout amount, which continues to be $195,000 (inclusive of the $45,000 payment, if any) by October 1, 2020. The contingent consideration is accrued and capitalized as part of the cost of the SSP
assets at the time a payment is probable and reasonably estimable. Accordingly, the Company accrued and capitalized $1,537 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Certain subsidiaries are defendants in lawsuits in which the alleged injuries are claimed to be silicosis-related and to have resulted, in whole or in part,
from exposure to silica-containing products, allegedly including those sold by certain subsidiaries. In the majority of cases, there are numerous other defendants. In accordance with its insurance obligations, the defense of these actions
has been tendered to and the cases are being defended by the subsidiaries   
      18  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
insurance carriers. Management believes that the Company s substantial level of existing and available insurance coverage combined with various open indemnities is more than sufficient
to cover any exposure to silicosis-related expenses. An estimate of the possible loss, if any, cannot be made at this time.    In December 2015, the
Company was notified by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) that it was being investigated for possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the  FCPA ) and other securities laws relating to matters
concerning certain of the Company s international operations. The Company had previously retained outside legal counsel to investigate the subject matter of the SEC s investigation, and at that time, the Company determined that no
further action was necessary. The Company cannot predict what, if any, further action the SEC may take regarding its investigation, and cannot provide an estimate of the potential costs of the SEC s investigation or any possible fines,
penalties, or other remedial actions that might result, if any, at this time.    In the period ended September 30, 2016, the Company completed negotiations
with certain railcar lessors and paid approximately $9,800 in fees that resulted in reductions to current railcar operating lease payments, in some cases in exchange for consideration including an extension of the lease terms. In addition,
railcar purchase commitments due in 2017 and 2018 approximating $49,500 were cancelled and $136,500 of purchase commitments were deferred, which included $3,900 from future railcar purchase price increases. As a result of these lease
modifications, beginning in October 2016, the railcar operating lease expenses recognized under the provisions of ASC 840 will differ from cash lease expense payments. The following table shows the change in future purchase commitments as a
result of these negotiations:      
   Also as a result of these negotiations, the future minimum operating lease payments on the railcars were also
modified. The other operating leases classified as equipment leases did not materially change from the levels as reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The railcar operating lease expenses were decreased in 2016 and
2017 but, as a result of lease extensions, additional operating lease expense in future periods will now be recognized. The modified future minimum operating lease payments and associated changes are as follows:  

13.  
  Transactions with Related Parties       The Company had purchases from an affiliated entity for freight,
logistic services and consulting services related to its operations in China of $503 and $176 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 The Company pays American Securities LLC ( American Securities ), in accordance with its policy, for Board of Directors fees and Company-related
expenses, including travel and lodging, market research, and other miscellaneous expenses. Fees and expenses paid to American Securities were $209 and $85 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
      19  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       

   The Company organizes its business into two reportable segments, Proppant Solutions
and Industrial   Recreational Products. The reportable segments are consistent with how management views the markets served by the Company and the financial information reviewed by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to
allocate resources and assess performance.    Previously, the segment results were reported based on segment contribution margin, which included selling,
general, and administrative expenses directly allocable to an operating segment and excluded certain corporate costs not associated with the operations of the segment. These corporate costs were separately stated and included costs related to
functional areas such as operations management, corporate purchasing, accounting, treasury, information technology, legal and human resources.    After
evaluation in this quarter of the Company s comparability to industry peers and practices, the chief operating decision maker changed the method to evaluate the Company s operating segments  performance based on segment gross margin,
which does not include any selling, general, and administrative costs or corporate costs. The change to using segment gross margin results in an increase in segment profitability compared to segment contribution margin as allocable selling,
general, and administrative costs were charged against segment contribution margin. This change is effective beginning the three months ended September 30, 2016. All periods presented have been restated accordingly. 

15.  
  Restructuring Charges       As a result of challenging conditions in the energy market, the Company began
taking actions in early 2015 to adjust its overall operational footprint and reduce costs. The Company s continuing restructuring program primarily consists of workforce reductions and costs to idle or exit facilities. The Company has
largely completed these  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
  
activities, however, a continued sustained downturn in the oil and gas market could reinitiate this restructuring process. A summary of the restructuring costs recognized for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is as follows:      
   A summary of the restructuring costs by operating segment is as follows:  

16.  
  Indefinite-Lived Intangibles       As of September 30, 2016, the balance of Goodwill was $15,301, which
represents goodwill related to acquisitions in the Company s Industrial   Recreational Products segment. As part of Company policy in its normal course of business, the Company performed a review of qualitative factors and concluded
that, as of September 30, 2016, there were no events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not result in an impairment of the carrying value of its intangible assets, including goodwill. With the current market conditions in
the oil and gas industry, there could be future changes that impact the carrying value of other long-lived intangibles, including the supply agreement with FTS International Services, LLC ( FTSI ). As of September 30, 2016, the
balance of the FTSI supply agreement, net of accumulated amortization, was $36,250.          
   On October 25, 2016, the Company completed a public offering of 30,250 shares of its
common stock. In addition, the underwriter has thirty days from the offering date to exercise an overallotment option to purchase an additional 4,538 shares. Cash proceeds received by the Company for the shares sold were approximately
$277,000, net of underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses. After these transactions, there were 222,766 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2016. 
 The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which include, but are not limited to repayment of debt and
satisfaction of other obligations. 
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Introduction to Part I, Item 2 and Part II, Item 1 and Item 1A    
  We define various terms to simplify the presentation of information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ). Unless we state
otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms  we,   us,   our,   Fairmount Santrol,   our business  and  our company  refer to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries and predecessor companies. We use Adjusted EBITDA herein as a non-GAAP measure of our financial performance. See further discussion of Adjusted EBITDA at Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis.   
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     This Report contains
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current
expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical
or current facts. These statements may include words such as  anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   project,   plan,   intend,   believe,   may,   will, 
 should,   can have,   likely  and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. For example, all
statements we make relating to our estimated and projected costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives, strategies or the expected outcome or impact of
pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including:  

the price of oil and gas and the level of activity in the oil and gas industries;        

the level of cash flows generated to provide adequate liquidity to meet our working capital needs, capital expenditures, and our lease and debt obligations;    

increasing costs or a lack of dependability or availability of transportation services or infrastructure and geographic shifts in demand;    

changes to leased terminal arrangements impacting our distribution network and ability to deliver our products to our customers;        

our rights and ability to mine our properties and our renewal or receipt of the required permits and approvals from governmental authorities and other third parties;    

fluctuations in demand and pricing for raw and coated sand-based proppants or the development of either effective alternative proppants or new processes to replace hydraulic fracturing;    

continuing pressure on market-based pricing;        

lower of cost or market inventory adjustments and/or obsolete inventory due to lower proppant demand from the oil and gas industry;        

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;        

our ability to successfully develop and market Propel SSP;        

our ability to succeed in competitive markets;        

loss of, or reduction in, business from our largest customers;        

our exposure to the credit risk of our customers and any potential material nonpayments, bankruptcies, and/or nonperformance by our customers;    

our transactions in, and operating subsidiaries with, functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates of these currencies compared to the U.S. dollar, which is the
primary currency in which we operate. These fluctuations may be significant, and may not be fully mitigated by risk management techniques, such as foreign currency hedging;   

changes in U.S. or international economic conditions, such as the recent United Kingdom vote to exit the European Union and the 2016 U.S. presidential election, could adversely impact our operating results;
   
      22  

Table of Contents  

fluctuations in demand for industrial and recreational sand;        

operating risks that are beyond our control, such as changes in the price and availability of transportation, natural gas or electricity; unusual or unexpected geological formations or pressures; cave-ins, pit wall
failures or rock falls; or unanticipated ground, grade or water conditions;        

our dependence on our Wedron Silica sand-mining facility for a significant portion of our sales, which currently supplies almost all of our Northern White frac sand and a portion of our Industrial   Recreational
( I R ) Products segment sand sold into our markets;        

the availability of raw materials to support our manufacturing of coated proppants;        

diminished access to water;        

challenges to our title to our mineral properties and water rights;        

our ability to make capital expenditures to maintain, develop and increase our asset base and our ability to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, including financing for existing commitments such as
future railcar deliveries;        

the potential impairment of our property, including our mineral reserves, plant, equipment, goodwill, and intangible assets as a result of continuing depressed market conditions;    

substantial indebtedness, lease and pension obligations;        

restrictions imposed by our indebtedness and lease obligations on our current and future operations;        

the accuracy of our estimates of our mineral reserves and our ability to mine them;        

substantial costs related to mines, coating facilities, and terminals that have been closed;        

potential disruption of our operations due to severe weather conditions, such as tornados, electrical storms, and floods, which occur in areas where we operate;    

a shortage of skilled labor and rising labor costs in the mining industry;        

increases in the prices of, or interruptions in the supply of, natural gas and electricity, or any other energy sources;        

our ability to attract and retain key personnel;        

our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations;        

silica-related health issues and corresponding litigation;        

our ability to maintain effective quality control systems at our mining, processing and production facilities;        

fluctuations in our sales and results of operations due to seasonality and other factors;        

interruptions or failures in our information technology systems;        

failure to comply with the provisions of the FCPA;        

the impact of a terrorist attack or armed conflict;        

cybersecurity breaches;        

our failure to maintain adequate internal controls;        

extensive and evolving environmental, mining, health and safety, licensing, reclamation and other regulation (and changes in their enforcement or interpretation);    

our ability to acquire, maintain or renew financial assurances related to the reclamation and restoration of mining property; and        

other factors disclosed in the section entitled  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Report.      We
derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the
impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are
disclosed under the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in this Report. All written and oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these  
      23  

Table of Contents  

cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking
statements made in this Report in the context of these risks and uncertainties.    We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not
contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or
affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results,
financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of our company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
related information contained herein and our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of our
management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including those discussed herein, particularly in the section entitled  Risk Factors.       Overview   
 We are one of the world s largest providers of sand-based proppant solutions and for nearly 40 years have been a pioneer in the development of high
performance proppants used by Exploration   Production ( E P ) companies to enhance the productivity of their oil and gas wells. Additionally, for more than 120 years, we and our predecessor companies have provided high
quality sand-based products, strong technical leadership and applications knowledge to end users in the Industrial   Recreational ( I R ) markets.  
 As one of the industry leaders, our asset base at December 31, 2015 included 798 million tons of proven and probable mineral reserves, which we believe is one
of the largest reserve bases in the industry. Due to the continuing challenging conditions in the oil and gas markets, we have adjusted our operational footprint to consolidate into the lowest-cost footprint possible and continue to make cost
reductions. As of October 2016, we have 10 sand processing facilities (6 of which are active) with 16.8 million tons of annual sand processing capacity. We re-opened our Menomonie, Wisconsin facility at the end of third quarter 2016,
primarily to serve the I R market and will also enable us to provide more fine-mesh products to the proppant market from our Wedron, Illinois facility. We also have 9 coating facilities (5 of which are active) with 2.3 million tons of
annual coating capacity.   We are capable of Class I railroad deliveries to each of North America s major oil and gas producing basins and also have
the flexibility to ship our product via barge, marine terminals and trucks to reach our customers as needed. We operate an integrated logistics platform consisting of 41 proppant distribution terminals and a fleet of approximately 10,100
railcars, which includes 1,265 customer railcars, considering car returns that took place throughout the year and subleases. Our unit train capabilities include two production facilities and eight in-basin terminals, which reduce freight costs
and improve cycle times for our railcar fleet. In order to better align our logistics network with customer demand and to reduce costs, we discontinued activity at four transloading terminals in 2016. 
 Our operations are organized into two segments based on the primary end markets we serve: (i) Proppant Solutions and (ii) I R Products. Our Proppant
Solutions segment predominantly provides sand-based proppants for use in hydraulic fracturing operations throughout the U.S. and Canada, Argentina, Mexico, China, northern Europe and the United Arab Emirates. Our I R Products segment
provides raw, coated, and custom blended sands to the foundry, building products, glass, turf and landscape and filtration industries primarily in North America. We believe our two market segments are complementary. Our ability to sell to
a wide range of customers across multiple end markets allows us to maximize the recovery of our reserve base within our mining operations and to reduce the cyclicality of our earnings.  
  Segment Contribution Margin and Segment Gross Margin   
 Previously, segment contribution margin was a key metric that management used to evaluate our operating performance and to determine resource allocation
between segments. Segment contribution margin was defined as  
      25  

Table of Contents  

total revenues less the cost of goods sold to produce and deliver the products, less selling, general and administrative expenses that are directly attributable to each segment. The
definition excluded certain corporate costs not associated with the operations of the segment. These unallocated costs included costs related to corporate functional areas such as administration, accounting, finance, treasury, information
technology, human resources, research and development, business development and sustainable development, as well as unallocated costs related to operations such as undeveloped mineral rights reserves.  
 After evaluation in this quarter of our comparability to industry peers and practices, management changed the method to evaluate our operating segments 
performance based on segment gross margin, which does not include any selling, general, and administrative costs or corporate costs. The change to using segment gross margin results in an increase in reported segment profitability compared to
segment contribution margin as allocable selling, general, and administrative costs were charged against segment contribution margin. This change is effective beginning the third quarter of 2016. All periods presented have been restated accordingly.
    EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA     EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures that are used by management and certain external users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance.  
 We define EBITDA as net income before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, depletion and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as
EBITDA before non-cash stock-based compensation, impairment of assets, and certain other non-cash income or expenses.    Management believes EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA are useful because they allow us to more effectively evaluate our operations from period to period without regard to our financing methods or capital structure. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools and
should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than net income as determined in accordance with GAAP as indicators of our operating performance. Certain items excluded from EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are significant components
in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are components of EBITDA or Adjusted
EBITDA. Although we attempt to determine EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA in a manner that is consistent with other companies in our industry, our computations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of
other companies. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are widely followed measures of operating performance.    Adjusted EBITDA is presented as a
performance measure because certain unusual non-cash charges or expenses may occur in a particular period and are not indicative of true operating performance. For this reason, management believes Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors as
well. 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA:      

(1) 
 Represents the non-cash expense for stock-based awards issued to our employees and outside directors.    

(2) 
 Non-cash charges associated with the impairment of mineral reserves and other long-lived assets.    

(3) 
 For the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, we incurred cash charges of approximately $1.2 million and $6.1 million for restructuring. We are no longer reflecting cash charges as an adjustment
to EBITDA in 2016 results.    

(4) 
 Includes losses related to the sale and disposal of certain assets in property, plant, and equipment.    

(5) 
 Represents the write-off of deferred financing fees in relation to the amendment of our Revolving Credit Facility.    

(6) 
 Cash payment associated with an audit of our Employee Stock Bonus Plan.       Results of Operations   
   
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues     Revenues decreased $36.2 million, or 21%, to
$134.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $171.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to declines in volumes, particularly coated proppants, including the impact of product mix and lower
average selling prices in our Proppant Solutions segment.   North American rig counts increased approximately 16% from the second quarter of 2016 into the
third quarter of 2016 but are still down approximately 45% from the third quarter of 2015. Oil prices have stabilized in the quarter at an average of approximately $45 per barrel of oil for the quarter versus approximately $47 per barrel in the
third  
      27  

Table of Contents  

quarter of 2015. In response to the current market trends, E P companies and oil field service companies are continuing to refine their well designs and hydraulic fracturing techniques
to achieve more efficient production. These changes in techniques have increased the demand for proppants, by increasing the amount of proppant used per frac stage ( proppant intensity ) associated with finer grades of proppant. 
 Total volumes in the Proppant Solutions segment increased 20% to 1.8 million tons in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 1.5 million tons in
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Raw frac sand volumes increased 27% to 1.7 million tons in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 1.3 million tons in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Coated proppant
volumes decreased 38% to 0.1 million tons in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 0.2 million tons in the third quarter of 2015. Revenues in the Proppant Solutions segment decreased $38.4 million, or 27%, to $103.1 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $141.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in Proppant Solutions revenue was largely due to pricing declines and declines in volumes, particularly coated proppants.  
 As a result of the current market trends, including the decline in oil and gas pricing, reduced drilling activity, and reduced demand for proppants; the
average selling prices for all proppants continued to decline over the quarter.   Revenues in the I R Products segment increased $2.3 million, or 8%, to
$31.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $29.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Volumes increased to 0.7 million tons in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.6 million tons
in the three months ended September 30, 2015. I R Products segment revenue was impacted by an expansion of our customer base and strong performance in several key markets including glass, building products, and sports and recreation.  
 Revenues in our I R Products segment are driven by macroeconomic factors such as housing starts, light vehicle sales, repair and remodel activity and
industrial production. To the extent these demand drivers continue on their current trends, we expect that demand for our commercial silica products will remain relatively stable.  
  Segment Gross Margin     Gross margin decreased $19.4
million to $19.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $39.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to decreased volumes and selling prices in our Proppant Solutions segment.  
 Gross margin in the Proppant Solutions segment decreased $20.4 million to $6.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $26.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The volume increases in the Proppants Solutions segment improved gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 by approximately $18 million compared to the third quarter of
2015. However, this improvement to gross margin from volume was more than offset by the change in product mix between raw frac sand and coated proppants and decreased selling prices resulting in the $20.4 million decrease for the quarter. 
 Gross margin in the I R Products segment increased $1.1 million to $13.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a $12.5 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross margin is primarily due to increased volume and improved production costs per ton. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses     Selling,
general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) decreased $2.9 million, or 16%, to $15.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $18.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. SG A costs
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 included $0.8 million of professional fees, filing fees, and other expenses related to our primary common stock offering in July 2016. The declines in SG A from the three months ended September
30, 2015 are the result of workforce reductions in 2015 and early 2016 and continued overall focus around cost reductions.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization   
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased $2.5 million to $17.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $15.3 million in the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in depreciation is due to more assets placed in service primarily related to the Wedron plant expansion. 
  Income (Loss) from Operations     Income (loss) from
operations decreased $23.9 million to a loss of $24.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss of $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Earnings in the third quarter of 2016 were negatively
impacted by $9.8 million in railcar renegotiation fees recorded in other operating expense. Third quarter earnings were largely impacted by declines in gross margins due to change in product mix and decreased selling prices. 
  Interest Expense     Interest expense increased $0.2
million, or 1%, to $16.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $16.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The change in interest expense is due to a reduction in capitalized interest due to the
completion of the Wedron facility expansion, and an increase in the notional amounts for interest rate swap agreements, entered into in 2013, that became effective October 2015.  
  Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes     The provision
(benefit) for income taxes decreased $48.1 million to a benefit of $20.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to expense of $28.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the expense
recorded during the third quarter of 2016 is primarily related to the decrease in income before income taxes and the recognition of a benefit for a loss carryback. The effective tax rate was 49.2% and negative 156.1% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to the impact of depletion as well as a tax benefit from a loss carryback, applied against forecasted results in 2016 as compared to
2015. The effective rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the benefit from a loss carryback and depletion.    Income
before income taxes decreased $22.6 million to a loss of $40.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss of $18.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The provision (benefit) for income taxes for
interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items that are taken into account in the relevant period. Each quarter, we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate. If our
estimated effective tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment.    Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc.   
 Net income attributable to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. increased $25.6 million to a loss of $20.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to loss of $46.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to the factors noted above.     Adjusted EBITDA   
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased $26.7 million to a loss of $4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income of $21.8 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA for the  
      29  

Table of Contents  

third quarter of 2016 excludes the impact of $1.8 million of non-cash stock compensation expense. Fees of approximately $9.8 million from the renegotiation of certain railcar leases and $0.8
million from the July stock offering have not been added back to Adjusted EBITDA. The decline in Adjusted EBITDA over prior year periods was largely due to declines in proppant volumes, change in product mix, and pricing as noted above.  
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues     Revenues decreased $299.3 million, or 43%, to
$394.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $693.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to declines in volumes, particularly coated proppants and lower selling prices since prior year
periods in our Proppant Solutions segment.    Total volumes in the Proppant Solutions segment decreased 5% to 4.6 million tons in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to 4.8 million tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Raw frac sand volumes increased 3% to 4.3 million tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 4.2 million tons in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Coated proppant volumes decreased 59% to 0.3 million tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.7 million tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Revenues in the Proppant Solutions
segment decreased $299.9 million, or 50%, to $302.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $602.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in Proppant Solutions revenue was largely due to
pricing declines and declines in volumes, particularly in coated proppant volumes.    Revenues in the I R Products segment increased $0.6 million, or
1%, to $91.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $91.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Volumes increased to 1.9 million tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 1.7 million
tons in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. I R Products segment revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was impacted by an expansion of our customer base and strong performance in several key markets including glass,
building products, and sports and recreation.     Segment Gross Margin   
 Gross margin decreased $147.4 million to $47.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $194.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, primarily due to decreased volumes and selling prices, particularly in our Proppant Solutions segment. Gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included inventory write-downs of $10.3 million. 
 Gross margin in the Proppant Solutions segment decreased $151.1 million to $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $160.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in gross margin was due to $9.9 million from inventory write-downs and $19 million from volume declines over the prior year period. The remaining gross margin decline is
attributable to changes in product mix and decreased pricing from prior year periods.   Gross margin in the I R Products segment increased $3.7 million
to $37.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $33.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross margin is primarily due to increased volumes and improved manufacturing costs per
ton. Gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes inventory write-downs of $0.4 million.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $8.3 million, or 14%, to $53.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$61.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. SG A costs included $6.1 million in professional fees for cost reduction initiatives, July stock offering fees and related expenses, and extension of our Term B-1 Loans for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The declines in SG A over prior year levels are the result of workforce reductions in 2015 and early 2016 and continued focus around cost reductions.  
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization     Depreciation,
depletion and amortization increased $6.6 million to $54.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $47.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in depreciation is due to more assets placed in
service primarily related to the Wedron plant expansion.    Income (Loss) from Operations   
 Income (loss) from operations decreased $227.6 million to a loss of $169.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income of $58.6
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Earnings in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included $9.8 million in railcar renegotiation fees recorded in other operating expense. Earnings were largely impacted by
declines in gross margins due to the lower volumes, changes in product mix, and decreased selling prices, in addition to the non-cash impairments, restructuring costs, inventory write-downs, railcar renegotiation fees, and professional fees totaling
approximately $118.0 million.     Interest Expense   
 Interest expense increased $3.9 million, or 8%, to $50.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $46.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The change in interest expense is due to a reduction in capitalized interest due to the completion of the Wedron facility expansion, and an increase in the notional amounts for interest rate swap agreements, entered
into in 2013, that became effective October 2015.     Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes   
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes decreased $110.8 million to a benefit of $98.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
expense of $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the expense is primarily related to the decrease in income before income taxes and the recognition of a benefit for a loss carryback. The effective tax
rate was 45.1% and 110.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to a decrease in the impact of depletion applied against forecasted results in 2016
as compared to forecasted results in 2015. The effective rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the benefit from a loss carryback and depletion.  
 Income before income taxes decreased $230.0 million to a loss of $219.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income of $10.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The provision (benefit) for income taxes for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items that are taken into account in the
relevant period. Each quarter, we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate. If our estimated effective tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment. 
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc.   
 Net income attributable to Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. decreased $119.0 million to a loss of $120.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to a loss of $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the factors noted above totaling approximately $76.7 million on an after-tax basis.  
  Adjusted EBITDA     Adjusted EBITDA decreased $150.0 million
to a loss of $16.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income of $133.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of $98.0 million of non-cash stock compensation
expense and impairment charges. Fees of approximately $9.8 million from the renegotiation of certain railcar leases and $6.1 million in professional fees for cost reduction initiatives, July stock offering fees and related expenses, and
extension of our Term B-1 Loans have not been added back to Adjusted EBITDA. The decline in Adjusted EBITDA, as noted above, was largely due to declines in proppant volumes, change in product mix, and pricing.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources       Overview
     Our principal liquidity requirements have been to service our debt, to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs. We have met
our liquidity and capital investment needs with funds generated through operations. We also have the ability to raise additional capital, subject to market conditions, through the issuance of shares of our common stock, as was done on July 28,
2016 and, subsequent to the third quarter, on October 25, 2016.    As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding term loan borrowings of $1.14 billion and
cash on hand of $213.4 million. In addition, we have a Revolving Credit Facility that can provide additional liquidity, if needed. As of September 30, 2016 we had $31.3 million of availability under our Revolving Credit Facility with $13.8
million committed to letters of credit, leaving net availability at $17.4 million. On April 28, 2016, we amended our term loan facility. Under the terms of the amendment, we prepaid $69.6 million, plus accrued interest, to certain of our
Term B-1 Loans lenders. These lenders in turn agreed to extend the maturity date to July 15, 2018 for $69.6 million of Term B-1 Loans, which were originally due March 15, 2017.  
 On July 26, 2016, we completed a public offering of 25 million shares of common stock. In addition, the underwriters completed their exercise of an
overallotment option on July 28, 2016 to purchase an additional 3.75 million shares. We received cash proceeds of approximately $161 million, net of underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses. 
 On October 17, 2016, the Company re-purchased $3 million of the Extended Term B-1 Loans at 91.5% of par. The related gain on this debt re-purchase will
be recognized in the three months ended December 31, 2016.   On October 25, 2016, we completed a public offering of 30.25 million shares of common
stock. In addition, the underwriter has 30 days from the date of the offering to exercise an overallotment option to purchase an additional 4.5 million shares. We received cash proceeds of approximately $277 million, net of underwriting
commissions and estimated offering expenses for the shares sold.   We intend to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which
include, but are not limited to, working capital, repayment, redemption or refinancing of debt and leases, capital expenditures, investments in or loans to subsidiaries and joint ventures, funding of possible acquisitions, and satisfaction of other
obligations.    After the extension of the maturity of certain of the Term B-1 Loans and the additional cash raised in the July and October 2016 stock
offerings, as of the date of this report, we believe that our cash on-hand, cash generated through operations, and amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet cash obligations, such as working capital
requirements, anticipated capital expenditures, and scheduled debt payments, over the next twelve months. We may use cash at times to negotiate repurchases of our syndicated term debt to the extent permitted under our credit agreement. See
 Credit Facilities  below for more information.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  A continued sustained downturn in our business s key markets could significantly impact our
forecasts. While we believe that our operations forecasts are reasonable, the forecasts are based on assumptions and market conditions impacting the industry, primarily the proppant business, are uncertain. In the event the operating
results are significantly worse than projected or we are unsuccessful in generating sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to satisfy our debt obligations and would be necessary to restructure these obligations. In order to address this risk,
we have implemented reductions in operating costs, selling, general, and administrative costs, reduced planned capital spending, made working capital improvements and raised capital over the past few years.  
   Working Capital      Working capital is the amount by
which current assets exceed current liabilities, is a measure of liquidity, and source of cash flow. Our working capital was $284.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $274.1 million at December 31, 2015.  
  Accounts Receivable     Accounts receivable increased $5.2
million to $78.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $73.6 million at December 31, 2015. The increase is primarily the result of slightly slower collection cycles from year-end levels. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, our top ten proppant customers collectively represented 68% and 71% of our revenues, respectively. During the same periods, sales in the aggregate to our top two customers, Halliburton Company ( Halliburton ) and FTS
International Services, LLC ( FTSI ), collectively accounted for 42% and 43% of our revenues, respectively.    Inventory   
 Inventory consists of raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. The cost of finished goods includes processing costs and transportation costs to
terminals. The decrease in inventory to $53.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $70.5 million at December 31, 2015 relates to efforts to streamline inventory levels and match production to projected demand, particularly for coated
products.    Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets     Prepaid
expenses and other assets decreased $4.1 million to $9.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $13.4 million at December 31, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in prepaid insurance and railcar leases.  
  Refundable Income Taxes     Refundable income taxes
decreased $5.9 million to $20.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $26.5 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease primarily represents the net effect of the carryback of a 2016 estimated loss and the receipt of the refund relating to the
carryback of the 2015 loss.     Accounts Payable   
 Accounts payable decreased $3.8 million to $36.6 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $40.4 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in accounts
payable is due to timing for payments and reduced purchasing and freight activity driven by lower sales volumes compared to the prior year period. 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Accrued Expenses   
 The decrease in accrued expenses to $24.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $26.8 million at December 31, 2015 was primarily due a reduction in accrued
bonuses, pension expenses, and accrued real estate taxes.      Cash Flow Analysis    
  Net Cash Provided (Used in) by Operating Activities   
 Operating activities consist primarily of net income adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation, depletion, and amortization, asset impairments, and
the effect of changes in working capital.    Net cash used in operating activities was $15.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
with $217.1 million provided in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This $232.3 million variance was primarily the result of a decline in operating income, partially offset by improvements in working capital. 
  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities     Investing
activities consist primarily of capital expenditures for growth and maintenance. Capital expenditures generally are for expansions of production or terminal capacities. Maintenance capital expenditures generally are for asset replacement
and health, safety, and quality improvements.    Net cash used in investing activities was $24.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $91.5 million used for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $66.8 million variance was primarily the result of a decrease in capital expenditures.  
 Capital expenditures, including stripping costs, of $28.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily focused on the completion of the
expansion of our Wedron facility as well as maintenance activities on other assets. Capital expenditures were $91.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and also primarily associated with the expansion of the Wedron facility. 
  Net Cash Used in Financing Activities     Financing
activities consist primarily of borrowings and repayments under our term loans and revolving credit facility.    Net cash provided by financing activities
was $80.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $19.1 million used in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of the common stock offering in July 2016.  
   Credit Facilities      As of September 30, 2016, there
was $17.4 million available capacity remaining on the Revolving Credit Facility and $13.8 million committed to outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, we have not drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility.  
 In order to provide greater near-term liquidity in the event of possible continued downturns in the oil and gas markets we serve, on April 28, 2016, we
entered into an amendment to the 2013 Amended Credit Agreement that extended the maturity of certain of the Term B-1 Loans to July 15, 2018 (the  2016 Extended Term Loans ). Under the terms of the amendment, we committed to a
prepayment of $69.6 million, plus accrued interest, to certain of our Term B-1 Loans lenders. These lenders in turn agreed to extend the maturity date to July 15, 2018 for $69.6 million of Term B-1 Loans, which were originally due March 15,
2017. This extension lowered the total March 2017 principal payments on our term debt to $16.7 million on the Term B-1 Loans. Our principal payments in 2017 now consist of (i) $16.7 million on the Term B-1 Loans; (ii) $9.3 million on the
Term B-2 Loans and; (iii) $1.6 million  
      34  

Table of Contents  

on the Extended Term B-1 Loans for a total of $27.6 million. The applicable margin on the interest rate for the 2016 Extended Term Loans is now the same as the Extended Term B-1 and Term B-2
Loans, which is the LIBOR interest rate plus 3.5%. With the amendment, the 2016 Extended Term Loans now have a 1% LIBOR floor, which is the same as the Extended Term B-1 and
 Term B-2 Loans. See  Note 4 in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further detail regarding the change in the maturities of the
2016 Extended Term Loans.   On October 17, 2016, the Company re-purchased $3 million of the Extended Term B-1 Loans at 91.5% of par. The related gain
on this debt re-purchase will be recognized in the three months ended December 31, 2016.    As of September 30, 2016, the Term B-1 Loans, Term B-2 Loans,
Extended Term B-1 Loans, 2016 Extended Term Loans, and the Revolving Credit Facility had actual interest rates of 4.4%, 4.5%, 4.5%, 4.5%, and 4.3%, respectively.  
 We have a $10 million Industrial Revenue Bond outstanding related to the construction of a manufacturing facility in Wisconsin. The bond bears interest,
which is payable monthly, at a variable rate. The rate was 0.91% at September 30, 2016. The bond matures on September 1, 2027 and is collateralized by a letter of credit of $10 million.  
 As of the date of this report, we believe that the amount available under the Revolving Credit Facility, cash generated from operations, and our cash and cash
equivalents on hand, in addition to the net proceeds from our July 2016 and October 2016 common stock offerings, will provide adequate liquidity to allow us to meet our cash obligations over the next twelve months. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  
  Contractual Obligations     As of September 30, 2016, we
have contractual obligations for long-term debt, capital leases, operating leases, purchase obligations, terminal operating costs, and other long-term liabilities. Substantially all of the operating lease obligations are for railcars. At
the end of the third quarter 2016, we completed contract renegotiations for a portion of our railcar fleet that cancelled $49.5 million in purchase commitments and deferred $136.5 million of purchase commitments, which includes $3.9 million from
future purchase price increases.   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, except for changes to the timing of long-term debt payments and
modifications of railcar leases as disclosed within Note 12 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q, there  have been no material changes to our
contractual obligations as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on  Form 10-K. The  2016 Extended Term Loans change the maturity dates of long-term debt obligations, but not the amount of the
obligations.    Environmental Matters     We are subject to
various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing, among other things, hazardous materials, air and water emissions, environmental contamination and reclamation and the protection of the environment and natural resources. We have
made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. We may also incur fines and penalties from time to time associated with noncompliance
with such laws and regulations. 
      35  

Table of Contents  

  There have been no other significant changes to environmental liabilities or future reclamation costs since
December 31, 2015.    We discuss certain environmental matters relating to our various production and other facilities, certain regulatory requirements
relating to human exposure to crystalline silica and our mining activity and how such matters may affect our business in the future under  Regulation and Legislation  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates     Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The
results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results
may materially differ from these estimates. These critical accounting policies and estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements as filed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 Among the critical accounting policies and estimates are estimates of the fair values of our reporting units used in determining whether the amount of
recorded goodwill at our I R Products segment reporting unit has been impaired. The determination of the fair value of the reporting unit is based in part on management s estimates of future cash flows from operations, multiples of
future cash flows as determined by market participants, and discount rates used in evaluating the net present value of these cash flows. The expected amount of and variations in future cash flows from operations is highly judgmental, and is
based on part of estimates from management s internal planning processes. The multiples and present values used in these calculations are estimates based on data that available from the public record, such as analyst reports. 
 Similarly, these future cash flows from operations are used in determining whether other long-lived tangible and intangible assets have a fair value in excess
of carrying value. In the second quarter of 2016, we recorded an impairment for long-lived assets at several Proppant Solutions locations since the recoverability of these locations could not be assured. The value of the supply agreement
in the FTSI agreement is based on estimates of discounted future cash flows from sales under the agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the supply agreement exceeded its carrying value. Should FTSI undergo financial
difficulties or not comply with the terms of this agreement, the fair value of this supply agreement could decline such that an impairment in carrying value exists. The carrying value of the SSP asset is based on its cost under ASC 805. As of
September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of the SSP asset exceeded its carrying value. Amortization will commence on this intangible asset once the SSP technology is commercialized and a useful life of the intangible asset can be reasonably
determined. If the SSP technology is not successfully commercialized in the future, especially in light of the current depressed market conditions, the fair value of this intangible asset could decline below its cost such that an impairment in
carrying value exists.    There have been no material changes in our accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements     New accounting guidance
that has been recently issued but not yet adopted by us, is included in Note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK         Interest Rate Swaps    
 Due to our variable-rate indebtedness, we are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. We use interest rate swaps to manage this exposure. These
derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair values. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or in other comprehensive income, depending on whether a derivative is
designated as part of a hedging relationship and, if it is, depending on the type of hedging relationship. For cash flow hedges in which we are hedging the variability of cash flows related to a variable-rate liability, the effective portion of
the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported in other comprehensive income in the periods during which earnings are impacted by the variability of the cash flows of the hedged item. The ineffective portion of all hedges is
recognized in current period earnings.    We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. By their nature, all such
instruments involve risk, including the possibility that a loss may occur from the failure of another party to perform according to the terms of a contract (credit risk) or the possibility that future changes in market price may make a financial
instrument less valuable or more onerous (market risk). As is customary for these types of instruments, we do not require collateral or other security from other parties to these instruments. In management s opinion, there is no
significant risk of loss in the event of nonperformance of the counterparties to these financial instruments.    We formally designate and document
instruments at inception that qualify for hedge accounting of underlying exposures in accordance with GAAP. We assess, both at inception and for each reporting period, whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective
in offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure.    As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the interest rate swaps was a
liability of $19.0 million.    A hypothetical increase or decrease in interest rates by 1.0% would have had an approximate $2.0 million impact on our
interest expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      Market Risk    
 We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates. Market risk related to interest rates is the potential loss arising from
adverse changes in interest rates. We do not believe that inflation has a material impact on our financial position or results of operations during periods covered by the financial statements included in this Report.  
   Credit Risk      We are subject to risks of loss
resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our top two proppant customers, Halliburton and FTSI, accounted for approximately 42% of our sales. Approximately 29% of our
accounts receivable balance at September 30, 2016, was outstanding from one customer. We examine the creditworthiness of third-party customers to whom we extend credit and manage our exposure to credit risk through credit analysis, credit
approval, credit limits and monitoring procedures, and for certain transactions, we may request letters of credit, prepayments or guarantees, although collateral is generally not required.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure of Controls and Procedures   
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of September 30, 2016. 
      37  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       We and/or our predecessors have been named as a defendant, usually among many
defendants, in numerous products liability lawsuits brought by or on behalf of current or former employees of our customers alleging damages caused by silica exposure. As of September 30, 2016, we were subject to approximately 4 active silica
exposure cases. In accordance with our insurance obligations, these claims are being defended by our subsidiaries  insurance carriers, subject to our payment of approximately 7% of the defense costs. We believe that our level of
existing and available insurance coverage combined with various open indemnities is sufficient to cover any exposure to silicosis-related expenses. Should our insurance coverage or indemnities prove to be insufficient or unavailable, it could
have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and prospects.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       In addition to other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you
should carefully consider the risk factors discussed under the caption  Risk Factors  in our other filings with the SEC, including our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. There have been no material
changes to the risk factors previously reported.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       The Fairmount Santrol Safety   Health Management System (SHMS) establishes
the system for promoting a safety culture that encourages incident prevention and continually strives to improve its safety and health performance.    The
SHMS includes as its domain all established safety and health specific programs and initiatives for the Company s compliance with all local, state and federal legislation, standards, and regulations and SHMS Policy as they apply to a safe and
healthy employee, stakeholder and work environment.    The SHMS has the ultimate goal of the identification, elimination or control of all risks to
personnel, stakeholders, and facilities, that can be controlled and directly managed, and those it does not control or directly manage, but can expect to have an influence upon.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The operation of our U.S. based mines is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health
Administration ( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ). MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred
under the Mine Act. Following passage of The Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, MSHA significantly increased the numbers of citations and orders charged against mining operations. The dollar penalties assessed for
citations issued has also increased in recent years.    Fairmount Santrol is required to report certain mine safety violations or other regulatory matters
required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, and that required information is included in   Exhibit 95.1   and is incorporated by reference into this Quarterly
Report.      

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION        Omnibus Amendments to Stock Option Agreements   
 On October 28, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Committee ) approved omnibus amendments to outstanding stock option
agreements granted under the Company s 2006 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2006 Plan ) and 2010 Stock Option Plan (the  2010 Plan ). After a review of the terms of the Company s equity awards in light
of general market practices, the Committee amended the outstanding stock option agreements to further align them with the market.    The omnibus amendment
for the stock options granted under the 2006 Plan modifies the outstanding stock option agreements by allowing optionholders (or their beneficiaries) to (i) exercise the stock options during the one-year period following the optionholder s
death or disability and (ii) exercise their options for the remaining term of the option if he or she retires from the Company. For this purpose, retirement is defined as a voluntary termination of employment after attaining age 55 and
providing at least 10 years of service. All stock options granted under the 2006 Plan are fully vested, so no changes were made to the options  vesting terms.  
 The omnibus amendment for the stock options granted under the 2010 Plan modifies the outstanding stock option agreements by providing that, upon an
optionholder s retirement (which is a voluntary termination of employment after attaining age 55 and providing at least 10 years of service), the stock options will continue to vest as if the optionholder remained employed with the Company and
the option will not expire until its original expiration date. In addition, under the omnibus amendment, if an optionholder dies or becomes disabled, any portion of the option that would have vested during the one-year period following such death or
disability will vest and become exercisable.    In addition, the Committee approved the Amended and Restated Omnibus Amendment to Stock Option Agreements
under the FMSA Holdings Inc. 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan (the  Omnibus Amendment ). This amendment and restatement was adopted to clarify that certain provisions of more recently granted stock option agreements were not
inadvertently replaced by the Omnibus Amendment. The substantive terms of the original Omnibus Amendment were not changed.    The foregoing description
of the omnibus amendments does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Omnibus Amendment to Outstanding Stock Option Agreements under FMSA Holdings Inc. 2006 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan, the Stock
Option Agreements under FMSA Holdings Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan, and the Amended and Restated Omnibus Amendment to Outstanding Stock Option Agreements under FMSA Holdings Inc. 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan, a copy of each is attached hereto and
filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, and Exhibit 10.3, respectively.      

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       The Exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Exhibit Index.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.    Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (Registrant)      

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael F. Biehl   

Michael F. Biehl  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Date: 
   
 November 3, 2016  
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

   FAIRMOUNT SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.   
    EXHIBIT INDEX   
 The following Exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or are incorporated by reference to a prior filing in accordance with Rule 12b-32
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Exhibits included in this filing are designated by an asterisk (*). All Exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. 

41  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d253033dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  OMNIBUS AMENDMENT      TO
     OUTSTANDING STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER   
  FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2006 LONG TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN   
 THIS OMNIBUS AMENDMENT is made this 28 th  day of October, 2016, by Fairmount Santrol
Holdings Inc. (the  Company ).    WITNESSETH:  
 WHEREAS, from time to time the Company has granted stock options under the FMSA Holdings Inc. 2006 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as
amended and restated as of September 11, 2014 (the  2006 Plan ), as such awards are set forth in certain Stock Option Agreements (the  Agreements   
 WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to amend such Agreements to provide that certain nonvested Option Shares (as defined in the
Agreements) shall remain exercisable for one year following the optionee s separation from service due to disability and for the full term of the option following an optionee s retirement; and  
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that, pursuant to Section 3.2(c) of the 2006 Plan,
the Company has the power to amend such Agreements without the written consent of the optionholder.    NOW, THEREFORE, effective as of
October 28, 2016, with respect to all currently outstanding stock options granted under the 2006 Plan, the Company hereby amends all currently outstanding Agreements as follows:  
 1.    The Agreements are hereby amended by replacing Section 4(b) in its entirety with the following:  

(b) 
 the expiration of one (1) year from the date of the Optionee s separation from service due to his or her death or Disability (as defined below);     
 2.    The Agreements are hereby amended by replacing Section 4(c) in its entirety with the following:  

(c) 
 the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date of the Optionee s separation of service (other than Retirement (as defined below)) within one year of a Change in Control;     
 3.    The Agreements are hereby amended by replacing Section 4(d) in its entirety with the following:  

(d) 
 immediately upon the date such Optionee ceases to be an Employee, an Officer, or a Member of the Board, unless such Optionee ceases to be an Employee, an Officer, or a Member of the Board by reason of death, Disability,
Retirement or separation of service within one year of a Change in Control. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Optionee Retires, the Option shall remain exercisable until the tenth (10 th )
anniversary of this Agreement.      For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
  Disability  shall mean a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code; and  
  Retirement  or  Retire  shall mean the Optionee s voluntary separation from service after he or she has attained age
55 and has provided at least ten years of service to the Company or any of its Affiliates.   

OMNIBUS AMENDMENT   
  TO      OUTSTANDING STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER      FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2006 LONG TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN   
   
  4.    Any capitalized term not otherwise defined in this Omnibus
Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Agreements or the 2006 Plan, as applicable.    5.    This
Omnibus Amendment modifies or adds only the provisions specified herein. All other provisions of the Agreements remain in full force and effect.  
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized officer of the Company has caused this Omnibus Amendment to be executed this 28 th  day of October, 2016.       

FAIRMOUNT SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ David J. Crandall   

ITS: 
   
   SVP, General Counsel and Secretary   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d253033dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  OMNIBUS AMENDMENT      TO
     OUTSTANDING STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER   
  FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2010 STOCK OPTION PLAN   
 THIS OMNIBUS AMENDMENT is made this 28 th  day of October, 2016, by Fairmount Santrol
Holdings Inc. (the  Company ).    WITNESSETH:  
 WHEREAS, from time to time the Company has granted stock options under the FMSA Holdings Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated
as of September 11, 2014 (the  2010 Plan ), as such awards are set forth in certain Stock Option Agreements (the  Agreements   
 WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to amend such Agreements to provide that certain nonvested Option Shares (as defined in the
Agreements) shall vest and become exercisable, or continue to vest and become exercisable, upon the optionholder s death, disability or retirement and to provide that an optionholder who retires shall be entitled to exercise the option until
the original expiration date of the option; and    WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has
determined that, pursuant to Section 7.3 of the 2010 Plan, the Company has the power to amend such Agreements without the written consent of the optionholder.  
 NOW, THEREFORE, effective as of October 28, 2016, with respect to all currently outstanding stock options granted under the 2010 Plan, the
Company hereby amends all currently outstanding Agreements as follows:    1.    The Agreements are hereby amended by
replacing Section 4(d) in its entirety with the following:     (d)    Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan
to the contrary, if an Optionee ceases to be an Employee or Key Non-Employee as the result of his or her death or Disability, the Optionee (i) shall be eligible to vest in the percentage of the Option as set forth on Exhibit A for the year in which
the Optionee s services terminate, to the extent the EBITDA Target or Cumulative EBITDA Target is attained for such year; and (ii) shall fully vest in the Option upon his or her death or Disability if the Option were scheduled to fully vest
under Section 4(a) within the one-year period following his or her termination of employment.     2.    The
Agreements are hereby amended by adding the following Section 4(f) to the Agreements as follows:  
  (f)    Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the contrary, if an Optionee ceases to be an Employee or Key
Non-Employee due to his or her Retirement (as defined below), the Optionee shall continue to vest pursuant to Sections 4(a), (b), (c) and (e) as if no termination of employment had occurred. For purposes of this agreement,
 Retirement  shall mean the Optionee s voluntary separation from service (as that term is defined in Section 409A of the Code) after he or she has attained age 55 and has provided at least ten years of service to the Company or any of
its Affiliates.     3.     The Agreements are hereby amended by replacing Section 7 in its entirety with the
following:     7.    Except as provided below, any portion of the Option which is not exercisable upon the
Optionee s termination of employment or other engagement with the Company or any of its Affiliates for any reason shall terminate as of the date on which such termination of employment  

OMNIBUS AMENDMENT   
  TO      OUTSTANDING STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER      FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2010 STOCK OPTION PLAN   

or engagement occurs; provided that if the Optionee s employment or other engagement terminates for Cause, the Option, whether exercisable or nonexercisable, shall be deemed to have
terminated as of the date of termination of employment or other engagement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon an Optionee s (i) termination of employment or other engagement due to death or Disability, the Optionee (or his
representative) shall be entitled to exercise any then exercisable portion (including any portion which may become exercisable pursuant to Section 4(d) of this Agreement) of the Option for twelve months following such termination (or, with
respect to any portion of the Option which becomes exercisable pursuant to Section 4(d), if later, until the date thirty (30) days following the date the Optionee is provided with written notice of the level of EBITDA Target attained for
such year); provided, however, in no event shall the Option be exercisable after the expiration of the Option Term, (ii) Retirement, the Optionee shall be entitled to exercise any exercisable portion (including any portion which may become
exercisable pursuant to Section 4(f) of this Agreement) until the end of the Option Term; or (iii) termination of employment or other engagement other than for Cause, death or Disability or Retirement, the Optionee (or his representative)
shall be entitled to exercise any then exercisable portion of the Option for three months after the date of termination, or the end of the Option Term, if earlier.   
 4.    Any capitalized term not otherwise defined in this Omnibus Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
the Agreements or the 2010 Plan, as applicable.    5.    This Omnibus Amendment modifies or adds only the provisions
specified herein. All other provisions of the Agreements remain in full force and effect.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized
officer of the Company has caused this Omnibus Amendment to be executed this 28 th  day of October, 2016.  

FAIRMOUNT SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ David J. Crandall   

ITS: 
   
   SVP, General Counsel and Secretary   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 d253033dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
  AMENDED AND RESTATED OMNIBUS AMENDMENT   
  TO      OUTSTANDING STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER      FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2014 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN   
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED OMNIBUS AMENDMENT is made this 28 th  day of October, 2016, by
Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (the  Company ).    WITNESSETH:  
 WHEREAS, from time to time the Company has granted stock options under the FMSA Holdings Inc. 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ) as such awards are set forth in certain Stock Option Agreements (including any associated Notice of Grant) (the  Agreements   
 WHEREAS, in December 2015, the Company amended such Agreements to provide that any Nonvested Option Shares (as defined in the Agreements)
shall become Vested Option Shares (as defined in the Agreements) upon the optionholder s death, disability or retirement and to provide that an optionholder who retires shall be entitled to exercise the option until the original expiration date
of the option ( Omnibus Amendment     WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend and restate the Omnibus Amendment herein to ensure
that Section 3(c) of certain Agreements is not inadvertently replaced; and    WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined that, pursuant to Section 10(c) of the Plan, the Company has the power to amend and restate the Omnibus Amendment without the written consent of the optionholder.  
 NOW, THEREFORE, effective as of October 28, 2016, with respect to all currently outstanding stock options granted under the Plan prior to
December 31, 2015, the Company hereby amends all currently outstanding Agreements as follows:    1.    The Agreements
are hereby amended by replacing Section 2(b) with Section 2(b)(i) or by adding a new Section 2(b)(i) to the Agreement as follows:  
  2(b)(i)      Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if your employment
terminates or service ceases due to your Retirement (as defined below), then the Option shall continue to vest as if your employment had not terminated. Accordingly, any Nonvested Option Shares shall become Vested Option Shares on the date(s)
they were scheduled to vest under the Notice of Grant. For purpose of this Agreement,  Retirement  means your voluntary separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and the
regulations and guidance issued thereunder ( Section 409A )) after you have attained age 55 and have provided at least ten years of service to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   
 2.    The Agreements are hereby amended by adding the following Section 2(b)(ii) to the Agreements as follows:  
  2(b)(ii)     Death or Disability . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if your employment
terminates or service ceases due to your death or disability (within the meaning of section 22(e)(3) of the Code), then, upon your termination of employment or service, any Nonvested Option Shares that were scheduled to vest within the one-year
period following your termination of employment or service under the Notice of Grant shall become Vested Option Shares.   

AMENDED AND RESTATED OMNIBUS AMENDMENT   
  TO      OUTSTANDING STOCK
OPTION AGREEMENTS UNDER      FMSA HOLDINGS INC. 2014 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN   
   
  3.     The Agreements are hereby amended by adding a new Section
3(d) or replacing Section 3(c) in its entirety with the following:     3(c)/3(d)     Retirement . If you
cease to perform services for the Company or any Subsidiary due to your Retirement (as defined in Section 2(b) above), this Option may be exercised by you at any time until the Expiration Date, but only to the extent this Option is or becomes
exercisable for Vested Shares at or following your Retirement (including any vesting that occurs pursuant to Section 2(b)(i) above).   
 4.    Any capitalized term not otherwise defined in this Amended and Restated Omnibus Amendment shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in the Agreements or the Plan, as applicable.    5.    This Amended and Restated Omnibus Amendment
modifies or adds only the provisions specified herein. All other provisions of the Agreements remain in full force and effect.    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized officer of the Company has caused this Amended and Restated Omnibus Amendment to be executed this 28 th  day of October, 2016.  

FAIRMOUNT SANTROL HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ David J. Crandall   

ITS: 
   
   SVP, General Counsel and Secretary   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d253033dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  (Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   
 I, Jenniffer D. Deckard, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under or supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.    

Date: 
   
 November 3, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jenniffer D. Deckard   

Jenniffer D. Deckard   

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d253033dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  (Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   
 I, Michael F. Biehl, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under or supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.    

Date: 
   
 November 3, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael F. Biehl   

Michael F. Biehl   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d253033dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  (Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ) and pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Jenniffer D. Deckard, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, that to my knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: 
   
 November 3, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jenniffer D. Deckard   

Jenniffer D. Deckard   

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d253033dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  (Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ) and pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael F. Biehl, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, that to my knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: 
   
 November 3, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael F. Biehl   

Michael F. Biehl   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 9
 d253033dex951.htm
 EX-95.1

EX-95.1 

Exhibit 95.1   
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES     The following
disclosures are provided pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Act ) and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, which requires certain disclosures by companies required to file periodic reports under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that operate mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ).  
  Mine Safety Information . Whenever the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) believes a violation of the Mine Act, any
health or safety standard or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation which describes the alleged violation and fixes a time within which the U.S. mining operator must abate the alleged violation. In some situations, such as when
MSHA believes that conditions pose a hazard to miners, MSHA may issue an order removing miners from the area of the mine affected by the condition until the alleged hazards are corrected. When MSHA issues a citation or order, it generally
proposes a civil penalty, or fine, as a result of the alleged violation, that the operator is ordered to pay. Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are
sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size and type (underground or surface) of the mine as well as by the MSHA inspector(s) assigned.  
 The below table reflects citations and orders issued to FMSA by MSHA during the third quarter of the fiscal year from July 1, 2016 to September 30,
2016. The proposed assessments were obtained from the MSHA data retrieval system. The tables below do not include any orders or citations issued to independent contractors at our mines.  

(1) 
 The definition of a mine under section 3 of the Mine Act includes the mine, as well as other items used in, or to be used in, or resulting from, the work of extracting minerals, such as land, structures, facilities,
equipment, machines, tools, and minerals preparation facilities. Unless otherwise indicated, any of these other items associated with a single mine have been aggregated in the totals for that mine. MSHA assigns an identification number to
each mine and may or may not assign separate identification numbers to related facilities such as preparation facilities. We are providing the information in the table by mine rather than MSHA identification number because that is how we manage
and operate our mining business and we believe this presentation will be more useful to investors than providing information based on MSHA identification numbers.    

(2) 
 Mine Act section 104 S S citations shown above are for alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a mine health and safety hazard. It
should be noted that, for purposes of this table, S S citations that are included in another column, such as Section 104(d) citations, are not also included as Section 104 S S citations in this column.    

(3) 
 Mine Act section 104(b) orders are for alleged failures to totally abate a citation within the time period specified in the citation.    

(4) 
 Mine Act section 104(d) citations and orders are for an alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e., aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence) to comply with mandatory health or safety standards.

(5) 
 Mine Act section 110(b)(2) violations are for an alleged  flagrant  failure (i.e., reckless or repeated) to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory safety or health standard that
substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury.    

(6) 
 Mine Act section 107(a) orders are for alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated and result in orders of
immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition.    

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

(7) 
 Represents the total dollar value of the proposed assessment from MSHA under the Mine Act including those citations and orders that are not required to be included within the above chart. Specific orders and/or
citations for a Mine may not have had assessments posted to the MSHA data retrieval system or made available to the Company by MSHA.    
  Pending Legal Actions . The number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of September 30, 2016
that fall into each of the following categories is as follows:      

(8) 
 Mine Act section 104(e) written notices are for an alleged pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a mine safety or health hazard.

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 fmsa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fmsa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 fmsa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fmsa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 fmsa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 fmsa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

