<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1472494_0001144204-16-132022_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2990395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122374</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>598782</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>557861</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1135325</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>506807</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132022.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107145922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States Brent Oil Fund, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001472494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				270925904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34704
		FILM NUMBER:		161977755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132022.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450971_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition
report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from         to         .   

Commission File Number: 001-34704  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       27-0925904    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes            No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x    Yes          No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  
       
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
       
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).          Yes      x    No  

The registrant had 7,650,000 shares outstanding
as of November 2, 2016. 

UNITED STATES BRENT OIL FUND, LP  

Table of Contents  

Page    

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
     1  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
     13  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
     26  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
     27  

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
     27  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
     27  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
     27  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
     27  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
     27  

Item 5. Other Information.   
     27  

Item 6. Exhibits.   
     28  

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed Financial Statements  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

* Collateral amounted to $9,995,363 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO )
was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on September 2, 2009. BNO is a commodity pool
that issues limited partnership shares ( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE
Arca ). BNO will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events as described
in its Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of March 1, 2013 (the  LP Agreement ). The
investment objective of BNO is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the spot price of Brent crude oil as measured by the daily changes in the price
of the futures contract for Brent crude oil traded on the ICE Futures Exchange (the  ICE Futures ) that is the near
month contract to expire, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case the futures contract
will be the next month contract to expire (the  Benchmark Futures Contract ), less BNO s expenses. It is
not the intent of BNO to be operated in a fashion such that the per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of Brent
crude oil or any particular futures contract based on Brent crude oil. It is not the intent of BNO to be operated in a fashion
such that its per share NAV will reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over
a time period greater than one day. United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner of BNO, believes
that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts (as defined
below) and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). BNO accomplishes its objective through investments in futures
contracts for crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the ICE Futures,
the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Futures Contracts ),
and other crude oil-related investments such as cash-settled options on Futures Contracts, forward contracts for crude oil, cleared
swap contracts and over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions that are based on the price of crude oil and other petroleum-based
fuels, Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,  Other Crude Oil-Related Investments ).
As of September 30, 2016, BNO held 2,340 Futures Contracts for Brent crude oil traded on the ICE Futures Europe and did not hold
any Futures Contracts for Brent crude oil traded on the NYMEX. 

BNO commenced investment operations on
June 2, 2010 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of BNO. USCF
is a member of the National Futures Association (the  NFA ) and became registered as a commodity pool operator with
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August 8,
2013. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United States Natural Gas
Fund, LP ( UNG ), the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP ( USL ), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP
( UGA ) and the United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund, LP ( UHN ), which listed their limited partnership
shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ) under the ticker symbols  USO  on April 10, 2006,
 UNG  on April 18, 2007,  USL  on December 6, 2007,  UGA  on February 26, 2008
and  UHN  on April 9, 2008, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each
of USO s, UNG s, USL s, UGA s and UHN s shares commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25,
2008. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Short Oil Fund, LP ( DNO ) and the United States 12
Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNL ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker
symbols  DNO  on September 24, 2009 and  UNL  on November 18, 2009, respectively. USCF is
also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), the United States Copper Index Fund ( CPER ),
the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ) and the USCF Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund ( UCCO ),
each a series of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust. USCI, CPER and USAG listed their shares on the NYSE Arca under
the ticker symbols  USCI  on August 10, 2010,  CPER  on November 15, 2011 and  USAG 
on April 13, 2012 respectively. UCCO is currently in registration. 

All funds listed previously, other than
UCCO, are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public Funds.  

BNO issues shares to certain authorized
purchasers ( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) through
ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the  Marketing Agent ). The purchase price for a Creation Basket is
based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the
order to create the basket is properly received. 

In addition, Authorized Participants pay
BNO a $350 fee for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets ( Redemption
Baskets ), consisting of 50,000 shares. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange in
smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities
exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of BNO but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. 

In May 2010, BNO initially registered 50,000,000
shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). On June 2, 2010, BNO listed
its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  BNO.  BNO established its  initial per share NAV by
setting the price at $50.00 and issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $10,000,000. BNO also commenced investment operations
on June 2, 2010, by purchasing Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures Europe based on Brent crude oil. As of September
30, 2016, BNO had registered a total of 50,000,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include
all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United
States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation of the
condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. BNO is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward contracts,
physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified
cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed statements
of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by
exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward
contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the condensed
financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements
of operations. BNO earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM ) at prevailing
market rates earned on such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

BNO is not subject to federal income taxes;
each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. 

In accordance with GAAP, BNO is required
to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority,
including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. BNO
files an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. BNO is not
subject to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2013. The tax benefit recognized is
measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition
of a tax benefit previously recognized results in BNO recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, BNO s
conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited
to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. BNO recognizes interest accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed.
No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Authorized Participants may purchase Creation
Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 50,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly
after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. 

BNO receives or pays the proceeds from
shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from
Authorized Participants are reflected in BNO s condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold,
and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay BNO a transaction
fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets.   

Partnership Capital and Allocation of
Partnership Income and Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among
the partners of BNO in proportion to the number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter
or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. 

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset Value
( NAV )  

BNO s per share NAV is calculated
on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing
that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. BNO uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange
on that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is the
difference between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average
number of shares outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The
weighted average shares are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares
added and redeemed based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by
USCF at September 30, 2016. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection with
the registration of additional shares after the initial registration of shares are borne by BNO. These costs include registration
fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. These
costs are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or
a shorter period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money market funds
and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the accompanying condensed
financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported
amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3   FEES PAID BY THE
FUND AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of BNO in accordance with the objectives and policies of BNO. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to BNO. For these
services, BNO is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.75% per annum of average daily
total net assets. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other
Offering Expenses  

BNO pays all costs and expenses associated
with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration or other fees
paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses
associated with such offer and sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, BNO did not incur registration fees
and other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors  and Officers 
Expenses  

BNO is responsible for paying its portion
of the directors  and officers  liability insurance for BNO and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses
of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of BNO and the Related Public Funds. BNO shares the fees
and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related
Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a
total of $12,600 for BNO and, in the aggregate for BNO and the Related Public Funds, $554,800. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with BNO s
audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by BNO. These costs are estimated to be $174,000 for the
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Other Expenses and Fees and Expense
Waivers  

In addition to the fees described above,
BNO pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of BNO, excluding costs and expenses paid
by USCF as outlined in  Note 4     Contracts and Agreements  below. USCF paid certain expenses on a discretionary
basis typically borne by BNO, where expenses exceed 0.15% (15 basis points) of BNO s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has
no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF waived $139,342
of BNO s expenses. This voluntary expense waiver is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated to pay as
described in Note 4. 

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreement  

BNO is party to a marketing agent agreement,
dated as of March 31, 2010, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing Agent provides
certain marketing services for BNO as outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne by USCF, is
equal to 0.06% on BNO s assets up to $3 billion and 0.04% on BNO s assets in excess of $3 billion. In no event may
the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed 10% of
the gross proceeds of BNO s offering. 

The above fee does not include website
construction and development, which are also borne by USCF. 

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. Agreements  

BNO is also party to a custodian agreement,
dated February 8, 2010, as amended from time to time, with Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. )
and USCF, whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of BNO. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined
by the parties from time to time. In addition, BNO is party to an administrative agency agreement, dated February 8, 2010,
as amended from time to time, with USCF and BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent and
registrar for BNO. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are determined
by the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for its
services, in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration
services rendered to BNO and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services.
In addition, USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds 
combined net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but less
than $1 billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual
minimum amount will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays
BBH Co. transaction fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant
Agreements  

On October 8, 2013, BNO entered into a
brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets, LLC ( RBC Capital  or  RBC ) to serve as BNO s FCM
effective October 10, 2013. The agreement with RBC requires it to provide services to BNO in connection with the purchase
and sale of Futures Contracts and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through RBC Capital
for BNO s account. In accordance with the agreement, RBC Capital charges BNO commissions of approximately $7 to $8 per
round-turn trade, including applicable exchange and NFA fees for Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts. Such fees
include those incurred when purchasing Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts when BNO issues shares as a result of
a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts when BNO redeems shares
as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts are purchased
or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio. BNO also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Futures
Contracts, Other Crude Oil-Related Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less ( Treasuries ). 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was primarily
due to a greater number of futures contracts being held and traded as a result of BNO s greater size in terms of average
net assets and due to the lower average price of Brent futures contracts which required BNO to hold and trade a greater number
of benchmark futures contracts. 

NOTE 5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS
AND CONTINGENCIES  

BNO engages in the trading of futures
contracts, options on futures contracts and in cleared swaps (collectively,  derivatives ). BNO is exposed to both
market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the risk of
failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

BNO may enter into futures contracts, options
on futures contracts and swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates
the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified
time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The
contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying
commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the
designated date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe,
and provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including
credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and swaps require margin deposits with an FCM.  Additional deposits may be necessary for any
loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from
the FCM s proprietary activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures contracts
and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss
in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure BNO has
in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation
between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of
an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing
or selling futures contracts. 

All of the futures contracts held by BNO through
September 30, 2016 were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less
than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual counterparties. However,
in the future, if BNO were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts, it would be subject to the credit risk associated
with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the
net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. BNO has credit risk under its futures contracts since the sole counterparty
to all domestic and foreign futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded.
In addition, BNO bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

BNO s cash and other property, such
as Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency
of an FCM could result in the complete loss of BNO s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of BNO s assets
are held in cash and/or cash equivalents with BNO s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM. The
failure or insolvency of BNO s custodian however, could result in a substantial loss of BNO s assets. 

USCF invests a portion of BNO s cash
in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. BNO is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an investment
in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, BNO held investments in money market funds in the amounts
of $37,000,000 and $3,000,000, respectively. BNO also holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written agreement with
BBH Co., uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled banks located in
Toronto, Canada; London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject to U.S. regulation
and regulatory oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, BNO held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries
in the amounts of $77,748,709 and $85,728,430, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts may be subject
to loss should BNO s custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes
in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, BNO is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts
purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, BNO pays or receives
a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. 

BNO s policy is to continuously monitor
its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, BNO has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty
with which it conducts business. 

The financial instruments held by BNO
are reported in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that
approximate fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following table presents per share
performance data and other supplemental financial data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the shareholders. This
information has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

* Annualized. 

Total returns are calculated based on the
change in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total
returns and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from BNO. 

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS  

BNO values its investments in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate to the definition
of fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820
establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market
data obtained from sources independent of BNO (observable inputs) and (2) BNO s own assumptions about market participant
assumptions developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels
defined by the ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for  identical  assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets
include the following: quoted prices for  similar  assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market-corroborated inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing
input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent
that observable inputs are not available. 

In some instances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of BNO s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were
no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation of BNO s
securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

BNO has adopted the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative disclosures about objectives
and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations  

For the nine months ended  September 30, 2016       
     For the nine months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Derivatives not  Accounted for as  Hedging  Instruments    
       Location of Gain (Loss) on     Derivatives Recognized in  Income      
       Realized  
 Gain (Loss) on    Derivatives    Recognized in 
Income         
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on   Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Realized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in   Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on   Derivatives  Recognized in  Income     
 
     Futures   Commodity Contracts    
     Realized gain (loss) on closed positions    
     $  12,222,290       
                
     $  (21,353,500  )    

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open positions    
                
     $  15,895,590       
                
     $  1,982,630     

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

BNO has performed an evaluation of subsequent
events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events
that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO )
included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking
statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause BNO s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe BNO s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the negative of these words,
other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that
may be incorrect, and BNO cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to
pass. BNO s actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. 

BNO has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
and BNO assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although BNO undertakes no obligation to revise
or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that BNO may make directly to them or through reports that BNO in the future files with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

BNO, a Delaware limited partnership, is
a commodity pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). The
investment objective of BNO is for the daily changes, in percentage terms, of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes, in percentage terms, of the spot price of Brent crude oil, as measured by the daily changes in the
price of a specific short-term futures contract on Brent crude oil traded on the ICE Futures Exchange ( ICE Futures )
that is the near month contract to expire, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case
it will be measured by the futures contract that is the next month contract to expire (the  Benchmark Futures Contract ),
plus interest earned on BNO s collateral holdings, less BNO s expenses.  Near month contract  means the
next contract traded on the ICE Futures due to expire.  Next month contract  means the first contract traded on the
ICE Futures due to expire after the near month contract. 

BNO s investment objective is  not 
for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of Brent crude oil or any particular futures contract
based on Brent crude oil or any particular futures contract based on Brent crude oil,  nor  is BNO s investment objective
for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured
over a time period greater than one day. The general partner of BNO, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), believes
that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts (as defined
below) and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). 

BNO invests primarily in futures contracts
for crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the ICE Futures, the
New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Futures Contracts )
and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other oil-related investments
such as cash-settled options on Futures Contracts, forward contracts for crude oil, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter
( OTC ) swaps that are based on the price of crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, Futures Contracts and indices
based on the foregoing (collectively,  Other Crude Oil-Related Investments ). For convenience and unless otherwise
specified, Futures Contracts and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Crude Oil Interests 
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

USCF believes that market arbitrage opportunities
will cause daily changes in BNO s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily changes in BNO s
per share NAV on a percentage basis. USCF further believes that daily changes in prices of the Benchmark Futures Contract have
historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot prices of Brent crude oil. USCF believes that the net effect of these relationships
will be that the daily changes in the price of BNO s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis will closely track the
daily changes in the spot price of a barrel of Brent crude oil on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on BNO s collateral
holdings, less BNO s expenses. 

BNO seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing so that the average daily percentage change in BNO s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will
be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract over
the same period. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Accountability Levels, Position Limits
and Price Fluctuation Limits . Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability
levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group
of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by BNO is not) may hold, own or control. These
levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that BNO invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to
accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.
The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down
from the previous day s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the Benchmark
Futures Contract and other Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX are not a fixed ceiling,
but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s positions. The
current accountability level for investments for any one-month in the Benchmark Futures Contract is 10,000 net futures contracts.
In addition, the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 20,000 net futures contracts for investments in futures
contracts for oil. If BNO and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for investments in the futures contracts
for oil, the NYMEX and the ICE Futures will monitor BNO s and the Related Public Funds  exposure and may ask for further
information on their activities, including the total size of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of
liquidity resources of BNO and the Related Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures, BNO could be ordered
to reduce its net futures contracts back to the accountability level. In contrast, the position limits for the ICE Futures maintain
that when 100 lots or more are traded, the activity must be reported to the exchange on a daily basis. ICE Futures also maintains
that an Expiration Limit of 6,000 lots, long or short, will apply for the five business days up to and including the expiration
date. As of September 30, 2016, BNO held 2,340 Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures Europe and did not hold any Futures
Contracts for Brent crude oil traded on the NYMEX. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, BNO did not exceed accountability
levels imposed by the ICE Futures and the NYMEX. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the NYMEX and the ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in
the near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that BNO will run up against such position limits because BNO s investment
strategy is to close out its positions and  roll  from the near month contract to expire to the next month contract
beginning two weeks from expiration of the contract. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, BNO did not exceed any position
limits imposed by the ICE Futures or the NYMEX. 

The regulation of commodity interest trading
in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are subject
to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
( FINRA ), CFTC, the National Futures Association (the  NFA ), the futures exchanges, clearing organizations
and other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute
from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing
of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered
and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits on
speculative positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and swaps that are economically equivalent to such
contracts in the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants
would be required to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit
Rules ). The Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position
limits; set thresholds that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month,
and all months combined; create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities
on designated contract markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits
or, in some cases, position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs, SEFs
as well as non-U.S. located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was successfully
challenged by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from market participants
multiple times. 

Until such time as the Position Limit Rules
are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions in
commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces federal
limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits and
accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, BNO may be limited
with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions,
the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the 28 Referenced Contracts
held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures exchanges, non-U.S. futures
exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements and the Position Limit
Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant controls the trading decisions
with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in an account or position, as well
as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding. At this time, it is
unclear how the Position Limit Rules affect BNO, but the effect may be substantial and adverse. By way of example, the Position
Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of BNO to meet its investment objectives through limits that may inhibit USCF s
ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of BNO. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions that
BNO is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of BNO to meet its investment objective. The term  swap 
is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain transactions
ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap execution facilities 
and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing  refers to the process by which
a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via a clearing member (i.e . , an FCM), and replaced
by two mirror swaps, with the CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. CCPs have several layers
of protection against default including margin, member capital contributions and FCM guarantees of their customers  transactions
with the CCP. FCMs also pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective, setting
limits for each counterparty and collecting initial and variation margin daily from each counterparty for changes in the value
of cleared swaps. The margin collected from both parties to the swap protects against credit risk in the event a counterparty defaults.
The initial and variation margin requirements are set by and held for the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin may be
required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require enhanced
customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures
and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants that
customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the
capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps
and interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If BNO enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate
swaps that are subject to mandatory clearing, BNO will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required to
be cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF or DCM.
 Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is implemented
by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required to be cleared
are made available to trade on a SEF. If BNO enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps that are subject
to mandatory clearing, BNO will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as made available to trade.
In order to execute swaps on a SEF, BNO will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access the SEF through an intermediary. Members
of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject to the rules and jurisdiction of the relevant
SEF. 

Swaps that are not required to be cleared
and executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations,
including, among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation
requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators have adopted rules to impose initial and variation
margin requirements that apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties. If BNO engages in non-cleared
swap transactions it will be subject to some or all of the requirements of the margin rules, which include a requirement that swap
dealers and major swap participants collect variation margin daily, beginning in March 2017, and potentially initial margin, beginning
in September 2020. 

In addition to the rules and regulations
imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. BNO may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent that it engages
in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. Other non-U.S. jurisdictions also impose obligations with respect
to OTC swaps that could impact BNO if it were to engage in OTC swaps with non-U.S. persons. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued final
rules establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register due
to recent changes to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance
Obligations for Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although BNO is not a
registered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules to
make the requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This change
decreased the burden on BNO and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as BNO. The new rule requires institutional
prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method ( i.e ., to use a  floating
net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue to use the amortized
cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s board of directors
to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage and prevent runs
by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and gates could be imposed
on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government MMFs. BNO currently
invests in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as an investment for assets not used
for margin or collateral in the Brent Oil Futures Contracts. BNO does not hold any non-government MMFs and, currently, does not
anticipate investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that BNO would invest in any non-governmental
MMFs. However, if BNO were to make investments in non-government MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively impact BNO
because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the new rule. 

Price Movements  

Brent crude oil futures prices were volatile
and exhibited an uneven upward trend during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The price of the Benchmark Futures Contract
started the period at $37.28 per barrel. The Benchmark Futures Contract reached its high for the period on June 8, 2016 at
$52.51 per barrel and reached its low for the period on January 20, 2016 when the price dropped to $28.25 per barrel. The period
ended with the Benchmark Futures Contract at $50.19 per barrel, an increase of approximately 34.63% over the period. BNO s
per share NAV began the period at $12.22 and ended the period at $14.59 on September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately 19.39%
over the period. BNO s per share NAV reached its high for the period on June 8, 2016 at $15.89 and reached its low for
the period on January 20, 2016 at $9.04. The Benchmark Futures Contract prices listed above began with the February 2016 contract
and ended with the November 2016 contract. The increase of approximately 34.63% on the Benchmark Futures Contract listed above
is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Futures Contracts. An investment in
Futures Contracts would need to be rolled forward during the time period described in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore,
the change in the nominal price of these differing crude oil Futures Contracts, measured from the start of the period to the end
of the period, does not represent the actual benchmark results that BNO seeks to track, which are more fully described below, in
the section titled   Tracking BNO s Benchmark.   

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, Brent crude oil was primarily in a state of strong contango, meaning that the price of the near month
crude Oil Futures Contract was lower than the price of the next month crude Oil Futures Contract, and contracts further away
from expiration. On days when the market is in backwardation, the price of the near month crude oil Futures Contract is
higher than the price of the next month crude oil Futures Contract or contracts further away from expiration. For a
discussion of the impact of backwardation and contango on total returns, see   Term Structure of Crude Oil Prices and
the Impact on Total Returns   below. 

Valuation of Futures Contracts and the
Computation of the Per Share NAV  

The per share NAV of BNO s shares
is calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New York
time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. BNO s
administrator uses the ICE Futures settlement price (a weighted average price of trades during a three minute settlement period
from 2:27 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. New York time) for the contracts held on the ICE Futures, but calculates or determines the value of
all other BNO investments, including NYMEX contracts or other futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca
or 4:00 p.m. New York time. 

Results of Operations and the Crude
Oil Market  

Results of Operations.   On
June 2, 2010, BNO listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  BNO.  On that day, BNO established
its initial offering price at $50.00 per share and issued 200,000 shares to the initial Authorized Participant in exchange for
$10,000,000 in cash. 

Since its initial offering of 50,000,000
shares, BNO has not registered any subsequent offerings of its shares. On August 26, 2013, BNO executed a 2-for-1 forward share
split for all shareholders of record as of the close of markets on August 26, 2013. The 2-for-1 forward share split was payable
after the close of markets on August 28, 2013. BNO began trading at its post-split price on August 29, 2013. As a result of the
forward share split, every one pre-split share of BNO was automatically exchanged for two post-split shares. Immediately prior
to the forward share split, there were 450,000 shares of BNO issued and outstanding, representing a per share NAV of $89.92. After
the forward share split, the number of issued and outstanding shares of BNO increased to 900,000, and the per share NAV decreased
to $44.96. As of September 30, 2016, BNO had issued 18,750,000 shares, 8,050,000 of which were outstanding. As of September
30, 2016, there were 31,700,000 shares registered but not yet issued. 

More shares may have been issued by BNO
than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. Unlike funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, shares that have been redeemed by BNO cannot be resold by BNO. As a result, BNO contemplates that additional
offerings of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and redemptions. 

As of September 30, 2016, BNO had the following
Authorized Participants: Citadel Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., JP Morgan Securities
Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital
Markets LLC and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  BNO s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, the fees and expenses of
the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that BNO
pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of BNO. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by BNO, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by BNO as a
percentage of average total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

The increase in total fees and
expenses excluding management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015, was due to an increase in brokerage commissions as a result of BNO s creation and redemption activity and to
an increase in professional fees. 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers by BNO for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due
to a greater number of futures contracts being held and traded as a result of BNO s greater size in terms of average net
assets and due to the lower average price of Brent futures contracts which required BNO to hold and trade a greater number of benchmark
futures contracts. 

For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  BNO s
expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, the fees and expenses of
the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that BNO
pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of BNO. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by BNO, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by BNO as a
percentage of average total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

The increase in total fees
and expenses excluding management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015, was due to an increase in brokerage commissions as a result of BNO s creation and redemption
activity from September 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016 and to an increase in professional fees. 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers by BNO for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was
due to a greater number of futures contracts being held and traded as a result of BNO s greater size in terms of average
net assets and due to the lower average price of Brent futures contracts which required BNO to hold and trade a greater number
of benchmark futures contracts from September 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016. 

Tracking BNO s Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage BNO s portfolio
such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average price
of the Benchmark Futures Contract, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio such that
over any rolling period of 30-valuation days, the average daily change in BNO s per share NAV is within a range of 90% to
110% (0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. As an example, if the average daily
movement of the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract for a particular 30-valuation day time period was 0.5% per day, USCF
would attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the per share NAV during that same time period fell
between 0.45% and 0.55% ( i.e ., between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark s results). BNO s portfolio management
goals do not include trying to make the nominal price of BNO s per share NAV equal to the nominal price of the current Benchmark
Futures Contract or the spot price for Brent crude oil. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve
such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts. 

For the 30-valuation days ended September
30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Futures Contracts was (0.069)% while the simple average daily change
in the per share NAV of BNO over the same time period was (0.070)%. The average daily difference was (0.001)% (or (0.1) basis
points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the
average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was 3.880%, meaning that over this time period BNO s tracking error
was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. 

Since the commencement of the offering
of BNO s shares to the public on June 2, 2010 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark
Futures Contract was (0.012)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of BNO over the same time period was
(0.016)%. The average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a
percentage of the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was
(0.940)% meaning that over this time period BNO s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its
benchmark tracking goal. The following two graphs demonstrate the correlation between the changes in BNO s NAV and the changes
in the Benchmark Futures Contract. The first graph exhibits the changes for the last 30 valuation days ended September 30, 2016;
the second graph measures monthly changes from September 30, 2011 through September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of
the return performance of BNO versus the return of its Benchmark Futures Contract can be calculated by comparing the actual return
of BNO, measured by changes in its per share NAV, versus the expected changes in its per share NAV under the assumption that
BNO s returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the actual total return of BNO as measured by changes in its  per share NAV was 19.39%. This is based on an initial
per share NAV of $12.22 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $14.59. During
this time period, BNO made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if BNO s daily changes in its per share NAV
had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, BNO would have had an estimated
per share NAV of $14.65 as of September 30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of 19.89%. The difference between
the actual per share NAV total return of BNO of 19.39% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contracts of
19.89% was an error over the time period of (0.30)%, which is to say that BNO s actual total return underperformed the benchmark
result by that percentage. BNO incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and
selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share
NAV of BNO to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of BNO as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (26.04)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $22.39 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $16.56. During
this time period, BNO made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if BNO s daily changes in its per share NAV
had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, BNO would have had an estimated
per share NAV of $16.66 as of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (25.59)%. The difference
between the actual per share NAV total return of BNO of (26.04)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contracts
of (25.59)% was an error over the time period of (0.45)%, which is to say that BNO s actual total return underperformed the
benchmark result by that percentage. BNO incurred expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for
the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the
per share NAV of BNO to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

There are currently three factors that
have impacted or are most likely to impact BNO s ability to accurately track its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

First, BNO may buy or sell its holdings
in the then current Benchmark Futures Contract at a price other than the closing settlement price of that contract on the day during
which BNO executes the trade. In that case, BNO may pay a price that is higher, or lower, than that of the Benchmark Futures
Contract, which could cause the daily changes in the daily per share NAV of BNO to either be too high or too low relative
to the changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize the
effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of the Benchmark Futures Contract at, or as close as possible
to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for BNO to obtain the closing settlement price
and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely impact BNO s
attempt to track the Benchmark Futures Contract over time. 

Second, BNO incurs expenses primarily composed
of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact
of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of BNO to track slightly lower than the inverse of daily changes
in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. At the same time, BNO earns dividend and interest income on its cash, cash
equivalents and Treasuries. BNO is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make any
distributions to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other income, were retained
within the portfolio and added to BNO s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of BNO s expenses for its management
fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees and the fees and expenses of the independent
directors of USCF), BNO will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of BNO to track slightly
higher than daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. If short-term interest rates rise above the current levels, the level
of deviation created by the yield would decrease. Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline, the amount of
error created by the yield would increase. When short-term yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses of the management
fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause the daily returns
of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns of the Benchmark Futures Contract. USCF anticipates that interest rates
will continue to remain at historical lows and, therefore, it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by BNO will to continue
to be higher than interest earned by BNO. As such, USCF anticipates that BNO will continue to underperform its benchmark until
such a time when interest earned at least equals or exceeds the fees and expenses paid by BNO. 

Third, BNO may hold Other Crude Oil-Related
Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Futures Contract s total return movements. In
that case, the error in tracking the Benchmark Futures Contract could result in daily changes in the per share NAV of BNO that
are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, BNO did not hold any Other Crude Oil-Related Investments. If BNO increases in size, and due to its obligations
to comply with regulatory limits, BNO may invest in Other Crude Oil-Related Investments, which may have the effect of increasing
transaction related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

Term Structure of Crude Oil Futures
Prices and the Impact on Total Returns.  Several factors determine the total return from investing in a futures contract position. One
factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month Futures Contracts and  rolling 
those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract and the next month contract. For
example, if the price of the near month contract is higher than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  backwardation 
in the futures market), then absent any other change there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to rise in value
as it becomes the near month contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month contract is lower
than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  contango  in the futures market), then absent any other change
there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to decline in value as it becomes the near month contract and approaches
expiration. 

As an example, assume that the price of
crude oil for immediate delivery (the  spot  price), was $50 per barrel, and the value of a position in the near month
futures contract was also $50. Over time, the price of the barrel of crude oil will fluctuate based on a number of market
factors, including demand for oil relative to its supply. The value of the near month contract will likewise fluctuate in
reaction to a number of market factors. If investors seek to maintain their position in a near month contract and not take delivery
of the oil, every month they must sell their current near month contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the next month
contract. 

If the futures market is in backwardation,
 e.g. , when the expected price of crude oil in the future would be less, the investor would be buying a next month contract
for a lower price than the current near month contract. Using the $50 per barrel price above to represent the front month price,
the price of the next month contract could be $49 per barrel, that is, 2% cheaper than the front month contract. Hypothetically,
and assuming no other changes to either prevailing crude oil prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near
month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash
equivalents), the value of the $49 next month contract would rise as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract
with a price of $50. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month contract would tend to rise faster than the
spot price of crude oil, or fall slower. As a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price
of crude oil to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract
would have risen 12%, assuming backwardation is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of crude
oil could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract could have fallen only 8%. Over time, if
backwardation remained constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

If the futures market is in contango, the
investor would be buying a next month contract for a higher price than the current near month contract. Using again the $50
per barrel price above to represent the front month price, the price of the next month contract could be $51 per barrel, that is,
2% more expensive than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing crude oil prices
or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact
of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the next month contract would fall as
it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with a price of $50. In this example, it would mean that
the value of an investment in the second month would tend to rise slower than the spot price of crude oil, or fall faster. As
a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of crude oil to have risen 10% after some period
of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract will have risen only 8%, assuming contango is large
enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of crude oil could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment
in the second month futures contract could have fallen 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference would continue
to increase. 

The chart below compares the price of the
near month contract to the average price of the near 12 month contracts over the last 10 years. When the price of the near
month contract is higher than the average price of the near 12 month contracts, the market would be described as being in backwardation.
When the price of the near month contract is lower than the average price of the near 12-month contracts, the market would be described
as being in contango. Although the prices of the near month contract and the average price of the near 12 month contracts
do tend to move up or down together, it can be seen that at times the near month prices are clearly higher than the average price
of the near 12 month contracts (backwardation), and other times they are below the average price of the near 12 month contracts
(contango). 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative way to view the same data
is to subtract from the dollar price of the near month contract the average dollar price of the near 12 months contracts for Brent
crude oil. If the resulting number is a positive number, then the near month price is higher than the average price of the
near 12 months contracts and the market could be described as being in backwardation. If the resulting number is a negative
number, then the near month price is lower than the average price of the near 12 months contracts and the market could be described
as being in contango. The chart below shows the results from subtracting from the near 12 months contracts price the price
of the next month contract for the 10-year period between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016. Investors will note that
the Brent crude oil market spent time in both backwardation and contango. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Historically, the crude oil futures
markets have experienced periods of contango and backwardation, with backwardation being in place more often than contango since
oil futures trading started in 1982. In recent years, U.S. crude oil markets experienced long periods of contango, while Brent
crude oil moved into a state of backwardation in 2011. Following the global financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008, the
crude oil market moved into contango and remained in contango for a period of several years. During parts of 2009, the level of
contango was unusually steep as a combination of slack U.S. and global demand for crude oil and issues involving the physical transportation
and storage of crude oil at Cushing, Oklahoma, the primary pricing point for oil traded in the U.S., led to unusually high inventories
of crude oil. A combination of improved transportation and storage capacity, along with growing demand for crude oil globally,
has moderated the inventory build-up and lead to reduced levels of contango by 2011. The Brent crude oil futures market finished
the period ended September 30, 2016 in a state of contango. 

Periods of contango or backwardation do
not materially impact BNO s investment objective of having the daily percentage changes in its per share NAV track the daily
percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract since the impact of backwardation and contango tend to equally
impact the daily percentage changes in price of both BNO s shares and the Benchmark Futures Contract. It is impossible
to predict with any degree of certainty whether backwardation or contango will occur in the future. It is likely that both
conditions will occur during different periods. 

Brent Crude Oil Market . Brent crude
oil prices, as measured by the Benchmark Futures Contract, finished the third quarter of 2016 approximately 34.63% higher than
at the beginning of the year. Prices firmed as lower production in the U.S. and supply disruptions abroad improved the global supply
and demand balance. Should supply resume an upward trajectory or should the global economic situation decline, there is a meaningful
possibility that crude oil prices could fall, while disruptions due to conflict in the Middle East, Africa or South America would
likely have the opposite effect. 

Brent Crude Oil Price Movements in
Comparison to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories.  USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree
to which prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment
or asset class. Statistically, such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different
investments or asset classes over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that
the two investment options move up or down in price or value together, known as  positive correlation,  and -1 indicates
that they move in completely opposite directions, known as  negative correlation.  A correlation of 0 would mean
that the movements of the two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as  non-correlation.  That is,
the investment options sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions. 

For the ten-year time period between September
30, 2006 and September 30, 2016, the table below compares the monthly movements of Brent crude oil prices versus the monthly movements
of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as natural gas, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline, as well as several
major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities. It can
be seen that over this particular time period, the movement of Brent crude oil on a monthly basis was somewhat correlated with
the movements of large cap U.S. equities and, global equities. However, movements in Brent crude oil were strongly correlated with
movements in U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, unleaded gasoline, and diesel-heating oil. Movements in Brent crude
oil futures exhibited a somewhat inverse correlation with U.S. government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

The table below covers a more recent, but
much shorter, range of dates than the above table. It can be seen that over the one-year period ended September 30, 2016, movement
of Brent crude oil was somewhat correlated with the movements of large cap U.S. equities, and global equities. However, movements
in Brent crude oil were strongly correlated with movements in U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, unleaded gasoline,
and diesel-heating oil. Movements in Brent crude oil futures exhibited a somewhat inverse correlation with U.S. government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Investors are cautioned that the historical
price relationships between Brent crude oil and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as
measured by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured
above would have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that Brent crude oil has historically
not demonstrated a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in
the future it is possible that Brent crude oil could have long-term correlation results that indicate prices of Brent crude oil
more closely track the movements of equities or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter
than ten years, there will always be some periods where the correlation of Brent crude oil to equities and bonds will be either
more strongly positively correlated or more strongly negatively correlated than the long-term historical results suggest. 

The correlations between Brent
crude oil, WTI Crude Oil, diesel-heating oil and gasoline are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest BNO s assets
in Futures Contracts and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in BNO s per share
NAV correlate as closely as possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. If
certain other fuel-based commodity futures contracts do not closely correlate with the Benchmark Futures Contract, then their
use could lead to greater tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes in percentage terms in the price
of the Benchmark Futures Contract will closely correlate with changes in percentage terms in the spot price of Brent crude oil. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. BNO s application
of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types
of estimates that it makes in preparing BNO s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange (such
as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by BNO for its Futures
Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued based on
the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these derivative
contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, BNO estimates interest and dividend income
on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual
amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

BNO has not made, and does not anticipate
making, use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. BNO has met, and it is anticipated that BNO will continue
to meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its investments, or from the Treasuries,
cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. BNO s liquidity needs include: redeeming
shares, providing margin deposits for its existing Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Futures Contracts and posting
collateral for its OTC swaps, if applicable, and, except as noted below, payment of its expenses, summarized below under  Contractual
Obligations.  

BNO currently generates cash primarily
from: (i) the sale of baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income earned on
Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. BNO has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Crude Oil Interests. BNO
invests in Crude Oil Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its current or potential
margin or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Futures Contracts and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments.
A significant portion of BNO s NAV is held in cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin and as collateral for
its trading in Crude Oil Interests. The balance of the assets is held in BNO s account at its custodian bank and in investments
in Treasuries at the FCM. Income received from BNO s investments in money market funds and Treasuries is paid to BNO. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, BNO s expenses exceeded the income BNO earned and the cash earned from the sale
of Creation Baskets and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, BNO used other assets
to pay expenses, which could cause a decrease in BNO s NAV over time. To the extent expenses exceed income, BNO s NAV
will be negatively impacted. 

BNO s investments in Crude Oil Interests
may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example,
most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred to as  daily
limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures
contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can neither be taken nor
liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such market conditions could
prevent BNO from promptly liquidating its positions in Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, BNO
did not purchase or liquidate any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however, BNO cannot predict whether such
an event may occur in the future. 

Since the initial offering of shares, BNO
has been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions, (iii) ongoing
registration expenses in connection with offers and sales of its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (iv) other
expenses, including tax reporting costs, (v) fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and (vi) other extraordinary
expenses not in the ordinary course of business, while USCF has been responsible for expenses relating to the fees of BNO s
Marketing Agent, Administrator and Custodian and registration expenses relating to the initial offering of shares. If USCF
and BNO are unsuccessful in raising sufficient funds to cover these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding,
BNO will terminate and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Futures Contracts and Other
Crude Oil-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves BNO entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell oil
at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed BNO s
future cash requirements since BNO intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, BNO is generally only
subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. BNO considers the  fair value 
of its derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with BNO s
commitments to purchase oil is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should BNO enter into a contractual
commitment to sell oil, it would be required to make delivery of the oil at the contract price, repurchase the contract at prevailing
prices or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of oil, the market risk to BNO could be unlimited. 

BNO s exposure to market risk depends
on a number of factors, including the markets for oil, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates, the liquidity
of the Futures Contracts and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments markets and the relationships among the contracts held by BNO. Drastic
market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an investor s capital. 

Credit Risk  

When BNO enters into Futures Contracts
and Other Crude Oil-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations. The
counterparty for the Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures and on most other futures exchanges is the clearinghouse
associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse in connection
with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting
from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly reduce credit
risk. BNO is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members
but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse,
or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to BNO in such circumstances. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit
risk of BNO by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, BNO generally posts margin and/or holds liquid
assets that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Futures Contracts and Other
Crude Oil-Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing and clearing
trades only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the benefit of BNO
to limit its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of BNO in accepting orders to purchase or sell Futures Contracts
on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate as belonging to BNO, all
assets of BNO relating to domestic Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed to commingle BNO s assets with
their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires commodity brokers to hold in a secure account BNO s assets related
to foreign Futures Contracts trading. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the only foreign exchange on which
BNO made investments was the ICE Futures Europe, which is a London based futures exchange. Those crude oil contracts are denominated
in U.S. dollars. 

If, in the future, BNO purchases OTC swaps , 
see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

As of September 30, 2016, BNO held cash
deposits and investments in Treasuries and money market funds in the amount of $114,748,709 with the custodian and FCM. Some
or all of these amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should BNO s custodian or FCM,
as applicable, cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, BNO had no loan
guarantee, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal
course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in
performing services, which are in the best interests of BNO. While BNO s exposure under these indemnification provisions
cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on BNO s financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

BNO had no direct exposure to European
sovereign debt as of September 30, 2016 and has no direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective
and pay its contractual obligations described below, BNO requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in
blocks of 50,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  BNO has to date satisfied this obligation by paying from the cash
or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

BNO s primary contractual obligations
are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed
percentage of BNO s NAV, currently 0.75% of NAV on its average daily total net assets. 

USCF agreed to pay the start-up costs
associated with the formation of BNO, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF s registration
with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of BNO and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly,
AMEX), respectively. However, since BNO s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering
and listing additional shares of BNO have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by BNO, and not by USCF. 

USCF pays the fees of the marketing agent
and the fees of BBH Co., as well as BBH Co. s fees for performing administrative services, including those in connection
with the preparation of BNO s condensed financial statements and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. BNO pays the fees and expenses
associated with its tax accounting and reporting requirements. USCF has paid certain expenses normally borne by BNO on a discretionary
basis where such expenses exceeded 0.15% (15 basis points) of BNO s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has no obligation to
continue such payments into subsequent periods. This discretionary expense waiver is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually
obligated to pay as described in  Note   4  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

In addition to USCF s management
fee, BNO pays its brokerage fees (including fees to an FCM), OTC dealer spreads and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration
and other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, or other regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, as well as
legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated therewith, and extraordinary expenses. The latter are expenses not
incurred in the ordinary course of BNO s business, including expenses relating to the indemnification of any person
against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and under the LP Agreement, the bringing or defending of actions
in law or in equity or otherwise conducting litigation and incurring legal expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation. Commission
payments to an FCM are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn, basis. BNO also pays a portion of the fees and expenses of
the independent directors of USCF. See  Note 3  to the  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  in
 Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as BNO s per share NAVs and trading levels
to meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed
upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of BNO s existence. Either
party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, BNO s portfolio
consisted of 2,340 Brent Crude Oil Futures CO contracts traded on the ICE Futures Europe. As of September 30, 2016, BNO did
not hold any Futures Contracts for Brent crude oil traded on NYMEX. For a list of BNO s current holdings, please see BNO s
website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 3.   Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

   Currently, OTC transactions are subject
to changing regulation.   

BNO may purchase OTC Brent Oil interests
such as forward contracts or swap or spot contracts. Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on
such futures, each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under
its contract. 

BNO may enter into certain transactions
where an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for Related Positions  or  EFRP 
transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by BNO, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one
or more baskets of BNO shares. These EFRP transactions may expose BNO to counterparty risk during the interim period between the
execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the
EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial
transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily
depend upon the terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination
of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions in
particular may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience
substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related
market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual
obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified
or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore,
it may not be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset BNO s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated
with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises in
connection with such contracts, BNO will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty,
if the counterparty is unable to meet its obligations to BNO due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as the insolvency
of the counterparty. 

USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate,
the creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF s
board of directors (the  Board ). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of BNO only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties
who are, or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated by the
SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether or not regulated
by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United Kingdom unless otherwise
approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed periodically by USCF.
BNO will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support. Even if collateral
is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC swaps may leave a party open to financial risk due
to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives is
less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared
swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated,
and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers
and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually
obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent
value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period ended
September 30, 2016, BNO limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. 

BNO anticipates that the use of Other Crude
Oil-Related Investments together with its investments in Futures Contracts will produce price and total return results that closely
track the investment goals of BNO. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result in higher transaction-related
expenses than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Futures Contracts, which may impact BNO s
ability to successfully track the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

Item 4.   Controls
and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

 BNO maintains disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in BNO s periodic reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of BNO if BNO had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of BNO s disclosure controls
and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of BNO have been effective as of the end of
the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in BNO s internal
control over financial reporting during BNO s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, BNO s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal
Proceedings.  

Not applicable. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes to
the risk factors previously disclosed in BNO s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed
on March 11, 2016. 

Item 2.    Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3.     Defaults
Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.     Mine
Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.     Other
Information.  

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule
4.22 under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month BNO publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement
of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current
report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on BNO s website
at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 6.     Exhibits.  

Listed below are the exhibits, which are
filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation
S-K): 

(1) Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

United States Brent Oil
    Fund, LP (Registrant)    
 
      By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner   

By:  
      /s/ John P. Love  

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date: November 7 , 2016 

By:  
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450971_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450971_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
     7  , 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    Stuart     P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450971_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Brent Oil
Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John P. Love,
the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450971_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Brent Oil
Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stuart P.
Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Brent Oil Fund, LP   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bno-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bno-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bno-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bno-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bno-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bno-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

