<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161117_10-K_edgar_data_1636051_0001636051-16-000021_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1359474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124968</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>97831</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>516667</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>269864</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>229169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001636051-16-000021.hdr.sgml : 20161117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161117134032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001636051-16-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				471017473
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202948
		FILM NUMBER:		162004600

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 CLINTON SQUARE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5859397588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 CLINTON SQUARE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001636051-16-000021.txt : 20161117

10-K
 1
 fuseent10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

fuseent10k.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-K   
     
  (Mark One)  

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016  
  or  
     
  [   ]             TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  For the transition period from _____________________ to ___________________________   
     
  Commission file number   333-202948  

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.   

( Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   

47-1017473   

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code (585) 939-7588  
     
   Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:   

Title of each class  

Name of each exchange on  
  which registered  

Common Stock  

$0.001 par value  

None  

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:   
     
   None    
  (Title of class)  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act   Yes [   ]   No [ x ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the   Act.   o  
     
   Note    - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [ X ]   No [   ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes [ X ]   No [   ]   
     
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendments to this From 10-K.        o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.     

Large accelerated filer   o  

Accelerated filer   o   
 
       Non-accelerated filer   o  
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      
       Smaller reporting company     [X]    
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes           No [x]  
     
  State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal quarter  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the price at which the common equity was sold, was $3,565,300.   
     
  As of November 17, 2016, there were 9,030,000 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.  
     
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
     
  Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, and Subscription Agreement are incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015.  Management Consultant Agreements are incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I   

Page No.    

Item 1.  

Business.  

1  

Item  1.A  

Risk Factors.  

3  

Item 2.  

Properties  

10  

Item 3.  

Legal Proceedings.  

10  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures.  

10  

PART II   

Item 5.  

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

10  

Item 6.  

Selected Financial Data.  

11  

Item 7.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

11  

Item 7A.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

15  

Item 8.  

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

16  

Item 9.  

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

31  

Item 9 A.  

Controls and Procedures.  

31  

PART III   

Item 10.  

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   

32  

Item 11.  

Executive Compensation  

33  

Item 12.  

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

35  

Item 13.  

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

35  

Item 14.  

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.  

36  

PART IV   

Item 15.  

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  

37  

SIGNATURES   

38  

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.   
         
     FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS   
       
    This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk Factors  and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation:  

the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses;  
  risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; 
  risks related to our international operations and currency exchange fluctuations; and  
  other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy.    

This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.  
     
  Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to  common stock  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.   
     
  As used in this annual report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our , the  Company  and  Fuse Enterprises  mean Fuse Enterprises Inc. unless otherwise indicated.  
     
   Item 1.  BUSINESS   
       
    Our Business    
       
  Fuse Enterprises Inc. is a digital marketing company.  We generate our revenue by delivering complete marketing solutions to small and medium size businesses. Whether our client needs to develop a social media presence strategy, create a new website, or employ innovative online marketing techniques, we can provide services from across the digital marketing spectrum.   
     
  Fuse Enterprises Inc. is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Although the Company has recognized nominal amounts of revenue, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business.  All losses accumulated since Inception (December 24, 2013) have been considered as part of the Company s development stage activities.   

1  

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation.   
     
  The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.  
     
  For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. Fuse Enterprises has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.  
     
  Our current services include:  
     
    Marketing.         We offer a wide variety of online marketing service to meet our clients  needs. Our services include Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Pay-Per-Click (PPC) management, affiliate marketing, content creation and marketing, e-mail marketing, Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO) and social media marketing.   
     
    Strategy.         The foundation of an effective online strategy is based upon an intimate understanding of the offering, the business and its online objectives. Strategy is the starting point of any project. We work with clients to set objectives for each marketing campaign. Using analytics, each campaign is analyzed for its effectiveness. Our marketing strategy planning services include digital review, research   analysis, and campaign planning.  
    Social Media Services     .    We enable our customers to create an online presence, which builds their customer base. This enables our clients to keep in touch with their customers, supporters, and other businesses using popular social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google+. We attract freelance researchers, bloggers and writers to find relevant information about our clients and writes posts, tweets, and comments, which can be posted on relevant social networks. This is used to increase company visibility and create social media interactions with their potential customers. These activities can also help improve our customers  search engine rankings. Our social media services include strategy development, research   auditing, social media guidelines, social asset creation, brand monitoring, social advertising, responsive support and reporting   analysis.  
     
    Website Design     .     We offer custom website design services for websites targeted at traditional desktop and laptop users, as well as sites optimized for consumption on mobile devices. Our management and our freelance website design team is composed of experienced web design and creation professionals and graphic designers who create customized websites tailored to the needs and goals of our customers.  
     
    Patent, Trademark, License and Franchise Restrictions and Contractual Obligations and Concessions    
     
  We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patents or trademarks.   
    Research and Development Activities    
       
  Other than time spent researching our proposed business we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any funds on research and development activities in the future.  
     
  2  

Compliance with Environmental Laws    
     
  We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business.    
     
    Employees    
     
  As of the date of this Annual Report we have two employees, the Company s officers, Aleksandr Kriukov, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Pavel Mikhalkov, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.  Our officers and directors are responsible for planning, developing and operational duties, and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth.   
       
    Reports to Securities Holders    
     
  We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10K annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, ("SEC"), at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549.   
     
  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.  
       
   Item 1A. RISK FACTORS   
       
    Fuse Enterprises Inc. is an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. We cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors.    
     
  Fuse Enterprises Inc. is and will remain an "emerging growth company" until the earliest to occur of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which its total annual revenues equal or exceed $1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering, (c) the date on which Fuse Enterprises has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (d) the date on which Fuse Enterprises is deemed a "large accelerated filer" (with at least $700 million in public float) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the "EXCHANGE ACT").   
     
  For so long as Fuse Enterprises remains an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act, it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" as described in further detail in the risk factors below. Fuse Enterprises cannot predict if investors will find its shares of common stock less attractive because Fuse Enterprises will rely on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find Fuse Enterprises s shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for its shares of common stock and its stock price may be more volatile.     
     
  If Fuse Enterprises avails itself of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, its reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate Fuse Enterprises and may result in less investor confidence.  
  3  

The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on "emerging growth companies". Fuse Enterprises meets the definition of an "emerging growth company" and so long as it qualifies as an "emerging growth company," it will not be required to:  
     
    have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;   
    comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);   
    submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and   
    disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation.   
     
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, Fuse Enterprises is choosing to "opt out" of such extended transition period, and as a result, Fuse Enterprises will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that its decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.  
     
  Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a  smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75 million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a  smaller reporting company , at such time are we cease being an  emerging growth company , we will be required to provide additional disclosure in our SEC filings.  However, similar to  emerging growth companies ,  smaller reporting companies  are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports.    
     
  Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an  emerging growth company  or  smaller reporting company  may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects.  
      
    We lack an operating history. There is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues.  If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, our business will fail.    
     
  We were incorporated on December 24, 2013, and have generated $53,775 in revenues from sales and incurred $95,075 in operating costs since inception.  As of September 30, 2016, we had accumulated a deficit of $56,992. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made.  Based upon current plans, we expect to continue generating revenues. However, our revenues may not be sufficient to cover our operating costs.  We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating significant revenues in the future.  Failure to achieve a sustainable sales level will cause us to go out of business.  

4  

We depend on key personnel.    
     
  Our future success will depend, in part, on the continued service of key personnel, particularly, Aleksandr Kriukov, our President and Director and Pavel Mikhalkov, our Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director. On July 1, 2015, we have entered into management consultant agreements with Aleksandr Kriukov, our President, and Pavel Mikhalkov, our Chief Financial Officer. The term of the agreements is one year and they can be terminated unilaterally with a 60 day notice by either party. If any of our directors and officers choose to leave the company, we will face significant difficulties in attracting potential candidates for replacement of our key personnel due to our limited financial resources and operating history. In addition, the loss of any key employees or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel could delay our plan of operations and harm our ability to provide services to our current customers, which will have a significant impact on our business.  
     
    We face intense competition in our industry. If we are unable to compete successfully, our business will be seriously harmed.    
     
  The market for online marketing services is highly competitive and has low barriers to entry. Our competitors vary in size and in the variety of services they offer. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and an established client base. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging online marketing technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sales of their services than we can,     or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. If we fail to compete successfully against our competitors, our revenue could decline and our business could be harmed.   
      
    The lack of public company experience of our management team could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. securities laws.    
     
  Mr. Kriukov and Mr. Mikhalkov lack public company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our CEO has never been responsible for managing a publicly traded company. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy, in which event you could lose your entire investment in our company.  
     
    None of the members of our Board of Directors are considered audit committee financial experts. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock.    
     
  Our Board of Directors are inexperienced with U.S. GAAP and the related internal control procedures required of U.S. public companies. Management has determined that our internal audit function is also significantly deficient due to insufficient qualified resources to perform internal audit functions. Finally, we have not established an Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  
     
  We are a development stage company with limited resources. Therefore, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.   
     
  5  

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For these reasons, we are considering the costs and benefits associated with improving and documenting our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, which includes (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training in U.S. GAAP requirements for our CFO and accounting and other finance personnel.  If the result of these efforts are not successful, or if material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation.  
     
    U.S. investors may experience difficulties in attempting to effect a service of process and enforce judgments based upon U.S. Federal Securities Laws against the company and its non U.S. resident officers and directors.    
     
  We are a Nevada corporation and, as such, are subject to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada and the United States courts for purposes of any lawsuit, action or proceeding by investors herein.  An investor would have the ability to effect service of process in any action on the company within the United States.  However, since Mr. Kriukov and Mr. Mikhalkov, our officers and directors, reside outside the United States substantially all or a portion of their assets are located outside the United States.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to:  

effect service of process within the United States against your non-U.S. resident officers or directors;  

enforce U.S. court judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against any of the above referenced foreign persons in the United States;  

enforce in foreign courts U.S. court judgments based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign persons; and  

bring an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based upon the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign persons.  

We do not have a majority of independent directors on our Board and the Company has not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.    

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors  independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics.   We have not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so.   
     
  Our Board of Directors is comprised of two individuals, both of whom are also our executive officers. As a result, we do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors.    
     
  We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit or other independent committee of our board of directors, as we presently do not have independent directors on our board. If we expand our board membership in future periods to include additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committee of our board of directors. It is possible that if our Board of Directors included independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurance that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct.   
     
  6  

For example, at present in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages or employment contracts to our senior officers are made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. However, as a general rule, the board of directors, in making its decisions, determines first that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us that those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. The company executes the transaction between executive officers and the company once it was approved by the Board of Directors.  
     
  Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions.  
     
       Because our Directors, who are also our sole promoters, own 60.91% of our outstanding common stock they could make and control corporate decisions that may be disadvantageous to other minority shareholders and will be able to cause our company to engage in business combination without seeking shareholder approval.    
     
  Our Directors own 100% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the date of this Offering.  If the minimum amount of the shares will be sold, our Directors own 60.91% of our outstanding common stock.  Accordingly, they have a significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.  They will exercise complete control over the company and have the ability to make decisions regarding, (i) whether to issue common stock and preferred stock, including decisions to issue common and preferred stock to themselves; (ii) employment decisions, including their own compensation arrangements, (iii) the appointment of all directors; and (iv) whether to enter into material transactions with related parties.  The interests of our directors may differ from the interests of the other stockholders and thus result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to other shareholders.  
     
    The Company is subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as fully reporting company.    
      
  Pursuant to Section 15(d), we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, such as annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, once our registration statement is declared effective, including the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year during which the registration statement is declared effective. That filing obligation will generally apply even if our reporting obligations have been suspended automatically under section 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the due date for the Form 10-K.  
     
  After that fiscal year and provided the Company has less than 300 shareholders, the Company is not required to file these reports. If the reports are not filed, the investors will have reduced visibility as to the Company and its financial condition. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; the company will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10%) percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5%) holders of classes of your equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities.  
     
    We will not be required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the end of the second fiscal year reported upon in our second annual report on form 10-K.    
     
  The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commissions, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices.   
     
  7  

We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These costs could affect profitability and our results of operations.  
     
  We are in the process of determining whether our existing internal controls over financial reporting systems are compliant with Section 404. We will not be required to conduct the evaluation of effectiveness of our internal controls until the end of the fiscal year reported upon in our second annual report on Form 10-K.   
     
  In addition, because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to obtain the auditor attestation of management s evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting. If we obtain and disclose such reports we could continue doing so at our discretion so long as we remain a smaller reporting company.  
     
  This process of internal control evaluation and attestation may divert internal resources and will take a significant amount of time, effort and expense to complete. If it is determined that we are not in compliance with Section 404, we may be required to implement new internal control procedures and re-evaluate our financial reporting. If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results, which could adversely affect our ability to comply with our periodic reporting obligations under the Exchange Act.  
     
    We do not intend to pay dividends and there will be less ways in which you can make a gain on any investment in Fuse Enterprises Inc.    
     
  We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future.  To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may likely prohibit the payment of a dividend.  Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in Fuse Enterprises Inc. will need to come through appreciation of the stock s price.  
     
    You could be diluted from our future issuance of capital stock and derivative securities.    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had 9,030,000 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  We are authorized to issue up to 75,000,000 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock.  To the extent of such  authorization,  our Board of  Directors  will have the  ability, without seeking stockholder approval, to issue additional shares of common stock or  preferred  stock  in the  future  for  such  consideration  as the  Board of Directors may consider  sufficient.  The issuance of additional common stock or preferred stock in the future may reduce your proportionate ownership and voting power.  
       There is a very limited public (trading) market for our common stock and; therefore, our investors may not be able to sell their shares.    
     
  Our common stock is listed on the over-the-counter exchange, and is thinly-traded. As a result, stockholders may be unable to liquidate their investments, or may encounter considerable delay in selling shares of our common stock.  If an active trading market does develop, the market  price of our  common  stock is  likely to be highly volatile due to, among other  things,  the nature of our business and because we are a new public company with a limited operating  history.  Further, even if a public market develops, the volume of trading in our common stock will presumably be limited and likely be dominated by a few individual stockholders.  The limited volume, if any, will make the price of our common stock subject to manipulation by one or more stockholders and will significantly limit the number of shares that one can purchase or sell in a short period of time.  The market price of our common stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control:  
     
  8  

-   variations in our quarterly operating results;  
       -   changes in general economic conditions;  
       -   price competition or pricing changes by us or our competitors;  
       -   new services offerings or other actions by our competitors;  
       -   loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and  
       -   the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel.  
     
  The equity markets have, on occasion,  experienced  significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for many companies' securities and that  have  often  been  unrelated  to the  operating  performance  of these companies.    
  Any such fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.  As a result, stockholders may be unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss.  
    Our common stock was accepted for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and OTC Link during the year ended September 30, 2016. As a result, the application of the  Penny Stock  rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares.  The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 3A51-1, which establishes the definition of a  Penny Stock,  for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has market price of less than $5.00 per share or within an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.  For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15G-9 require:    
        -   that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and              
        -   the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the   
             identity and  quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.  
     
   In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must:  
     
        -   obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and        
        -    make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the   
             person has  sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of   
            transactions in penny stocks.  
     
  The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form:  
      
       -   sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and    
       -   that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.  
     
  Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the "penny stock  rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.  
     
    You may face significant restrictions on the resale of your shares due to state  blue sky  laws.    
     
  Each state has its own securities laws, often called  blue sky  laws, which (1) limit sales of securities to a state s residents unless the securities are registered in that state or qualify for an exemption from registration, and (2) govern the reporting requirements for broker-dealers doing business directly or indirectly in the state. Before a security is sold in a state, there must be a registration in place to cover the transaction, or it must be exempt from registration. The applicable broker-dealer must also be registered in that state.  
     
  9  

We do not know whether our securities will be registered or exempt from registration under the laws of any state. A determination regarding registration will be made by those broker-dealers, if any, who agree to serve as market makers for our common stock. There may be significant state blue sky law restrictions on the ability of investors to sell, and on purchasers to buy, our securities. You should therefore consider the resale market for our common stock to be limited, as you may be unable to resell your shares without the significant expense of state registration or qualification.  
       
   Item 2.    PROPERTIES   
     
  We do not hold ownership or leasehold interest in any property and pay our office rent on a monthly basis.  
     
   Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     
  We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions.  
     
   Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     
  Not applicable to our Company.  
   PART II   

Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.   

Market Information   
     
  On August 8, 2016, our common stock was verified for trading on OTCQB under the trading symbol FSNT. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low intra-day sales price per share for our common stock on the OTCQB for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

Holders.    
     
  As of September 30, 2016, there were 35 record holders of 9,030,000 shares of the Company's common stock.  
       
   Dividends.    
     
  The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company's business.  
     
   Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans   
     
  None.  
     
  10  

Recent sales of unregistered securities.   
     
  There were no sales of unregistered securities during the year ended September 30, 2016.  
     
  We completed an offering of 5,500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.001 per share to our Directors Aleksandr Kriukov (3,000,000) and Pavel Mikhalkov (2,500,000) during the year ended September 30, 2015.  The total amount received from this Offering was $5,500.  We completed this offering pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act.   All of our directors and all of our executive officers reside outside the United States.  
  The offer and sale of all shares of our common stock listed above were affected in reliance on the exemptions for sales of securities not involving a public offering, as set forth in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.    
  The investor acknowledged the following: subscriber is not a United States Person, nor is the subscriber acquiring the shares directly or indirectly for the account or benefit of a United States Person.  None of the funds used by the subscriber to purchase the units have been obtained from United States Persons.  For purposes of the Subscription Agreement,  United States Person  within the meaning of U.S. tax laws, means a citizen or resident of the United States, any former U.S. citizen subject to Section 877 of the Internal Revenue Code, any corporation, or partnership organized or existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state, jurisdiction, territory or possession thereof and any estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax irrespective of its source, and within the meaning of U.S. securities laws, as defined in Rule 902(o) of Regulation S, means: (i) any natural person resident in the United States; (ii) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; (v) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; (vi) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person;  (vii) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and (viii) any partnership or corporation if organized under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction, and formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts.   
     
    Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
     
  We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
   Item 6.         SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     
  We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.  
     
   Item 7.         MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND    
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     
   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    

11  

Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.   

Results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     
     
   Revenue   
     
  We generate revenue from sales of our marketing and web development services directly to small and medium-sized business. We acquire customers through direct telemarketing, referrals and our primary website that provides a description of our company and our service offerings (www.fuseenterprises.com).    
     
  Our gross revenue from consulting services related to website development, SEO consulting and online marketing for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $25,175 and $28,600 respectively. Our cost of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $7,027 (September 30, 2015: $8,683) resulting in a gross profit of $18,148 (September 30, 2015: $19,917).   
   
   Costs and Expenses   
       
  The major components of our expenses for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are outlined in the table below:   

The increase in our operating costs for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to our fiscal 2015, was due to an increase in our corporate activities, an increase in expenses related to implementation of our business plan, an increase in professional fees and an increase in consulting fees associated with DTC eligibility of our common stock. In addition, we paid to the OTC Markets Group Inc.   a one-time application fee of $2,500 for issuer s up-listing for OTCQB quotation.  
     
  General and administrative expenses of $35,807 incurred during the year ended September 30, 2016 consisted of filing fees of $4,245 (September 30, 2015: $1,960), accounting fees of $7,565 (September 30, 2015: $5,000), consulting fees of $11,500 (September 30, 2015: $3,000), depreciation expense of $1,262 (September 30, 2015: $858), office expenses of $5,558 (September 30, 2015: $1,606), office rent of $2,403 (September 30, 2015: $1,704), travel expenses of $5,301 (September 30, 2015: $367) and bank charges of $973 (September 30, 2015: $63). Legal expenses were $0 (September 30, 2015: $2,000).  

12  

Consulting services provided by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

* - During the year ended September 30, 2016, $6,900 (September 30, 2015: $8,100) of these related party consulting services was recognized in cost of revenues and $5,100 (September 30, 2015: $3,900) in officers  compensation within operating expenses.  
     
    Accounts Payable   Related Parties    
     
  From time to time, the President, CEO and significant stockholder of the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the advance balance was $405 and $Nil respectively.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company owed its directors and officers $27,405 and $15,000 respectively. These amounts represent unpaid consulting fees and cash advances as of the end of the reporting period.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Liquidity   
     
  Our internal liquidity is provided by our operations.   During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company reported net loss from operations of $43,140 and $4,607, respectively.   
  To date we financed our operations by cash generated from sales of our services and shares of our common stock. We were able to sustain our operations by increasing the number of our clients. We have sold 5,500,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share to our Directors for total proceeds of $5,500 during the year ended September 30, 2015.   
     
  During the third quarter of our fiscal 2016, the Company s Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission was declared effective. The Company completed the sale of 3,530,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for total proceeds of $35,300 pursuant to this Registration Statement.  
     
  13  

If we are not successful in expanding our clientele base, maintaining profitability and positive cash flow, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. We have explored and are continuing to explore options to provide additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions include, but are not limited to, securing lines of credit, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders), loans and cash advances from our directors or other third parties, and other similar actions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding (if needed), on acceptable terms or at all, through a sale of our common stock, loans from financial institutions, our directors, or other third parties, or any of the actions discussed above. If we cannot sustain profitable operations, and additional capital is unavailable, lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
     
   Cash Flows      
     
  The table below, for the period indicated, provides selected cash flow information:  

We have generated revenues of $25,175 and $28,600 during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition to cash received from marketing and web development services, we received proceeds of $35,300 (September 30, 2015: $5,500) from sale of our common stock. Also we have received a cash advance of $405 from the company s C.E.O. for working capital purposes. We had no other sources of cash inflow during the reporting periods.    
   
    Cash Flows from Operating Activities    
     
  Our cash provided by (used by) operating activities as of September 30, 2016 of $(40,716) (September 30, 2015: $11,545) is a net result of cash generated from sales of our marketing and web development services, sales of our common stock and changes in our current assets and liabilities.   
     
  This portion of our cash flow represents the most significant source of funding for our operations. The major uses of our operating cash include funding general operating expenses (listing and professional expenses, consulting, travel, office expenses and office rent) and cost of revenues.   
     
  Cash flows resulting from changes in assets and liabilities for the year ended September 30, 2016, include an increase of $12,000 (September 30, 2015: $12,000) in the officers  accrued compensation, an increase in prepaid expenses of $8,333 (September 30, 2015: $199) and a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $2,910. The increase in the officers  accrued compensation is due to the consulting fees incurred by the Company during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 that remained unpaid as at the end of the year. The decrease in accounts payable reflected the company s payments to the vendors during the year ended September 30, 2016.The increase in prepaid expenses was due to our payment of OTCQB annual listing fees in the amount of $10,000 for the period from August 1, 2016 to July 31 2017. These fees are amortized over the period of 12 months. As of September 30, 2016 the company expensed $1,667 of these fees and recorded the reminder of $8,333 as prepaid listing fees.   
     
  14  

Cash Flows from Investing Activities    
     
  We did not generate any cash from investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2016.   
     
  During the year ended September 30, 2015 we used a portion of our cash of $4,378 provided by operating activities for purchasing computer and office equipment.   
     
    Cash Flows from Financing Activities    
     
  During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company s Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission was declared effective. The Company completed the sale of 3,530,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for total proceeds of $35,300 pursuant to this Registration Statement.  
  During the year ended September 30, 2015 the Company sold 5,500,000 shares of common stock at par value to the Company Directors for $5,500 in cash.   
     
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements      
     
  See Note 2 to the Unaudited Financial Statements.  
     
   Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any significant off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.  
     
    OTCBB and OTCQB quotation    
     
  Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and in OTC Link since June 22, 2016 under the symbol  FSNT . During a fourth quarter of our fiscal 2016 the Company filed an application with the   OTC Markets Group, Inc   .    to be quoted on the OTCQB quotation medium. Our application was approved on August 8, 2016 and our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Links under the symbol  FSNT  effective August 9, 2016. We paid a one-time $2,500 application fee and $10,000 annual fees that covers a period from August 1, 2016 to July 31, 2017.  
     
   To be eligible for trading on the OTCQB marketplace companies are required to:  
     
  -                Meet a minimum bid price test of $0.01 and not be subject to bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings. Securities that do not meet the minimum bid price test or that are in bankruptcy will be downgraded to OTC Pink;  
  -                Submit an application to OTCQB and pay an application and annual fee;  
  -                Submit an OTCQB Annual Certification confirming the Company Profile displayed on otcmarkets.com is current and complete and providing additional information on officers, directors, and controlling shareholders.  
     
   Item 7A.         QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     
  We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.  

15  

Item 8.          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.   

Index to the Financial Statements   

16   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Fuse Enterprises, Inc.  
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Fuse Enterprises, Inc. (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 , and the related statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   Fuse Enterprises, Inc.   s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of   Fuse Enterprises, Inc.   as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements the Company  has limited working capital. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

5201Eden Avenue       
      Suite 300              
      Edina, MN 55436      
      630.277.2330      

F-1  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

F-2  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

F-3  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

F-4   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

F-5  

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.   
   NOTES TO THE SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
     
   Note 1   Organization and Operations   
     
  Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013.  Fuse Enterprises Inc. is a full service online marketing agency.  
     
   Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
     
    Basis of Presentation     
       
  The Company s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  
     
    Development Stage company    
     
  Fuse Enterprises Inc. is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Although the Company has recognized nominal amounts of revenue, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business.  All losses accumulated since Inception (December 24, 2013) have been considered as part of the Company s development stage activities.   
     
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation.   
     
  The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.  
     
  For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. Fuse Enterprises has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.  
     
    Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions    
   
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).  
     
  Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:  
     
  F-6  

(i)  

Assumption as a going concern   :   Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business  .  

(ii)  

Allowance for doubtful accounts   :   Management s   estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales, historical loss levels, and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts;   and general economic conditions that may affect a client s ability to pay  . The Company evaluated the key factors and assumptions used to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.  

(iii)  

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:   Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors;  

These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  
     
  Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.  
     
  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
     
  The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.    
     
  To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.  The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below:  

Level 1  

Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.  

Level 2  

Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.  

Level 3  

Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.  

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.  
     
  The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.  
     
  F-7  

The carrying amount of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments.    
     
  Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.  
     
    Cash Equivalents     
     
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.  
     
    Property and Equipment    
     
  Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized.  Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of office equipment is computed by the double declining method (200%) over the assets estimated useful life of five (5) years for computer equipment and seven (7) years for office furniture.  Upon sale or retirement of office equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations.  
     
    Related Parties    
     
  The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20   the related parties include: a. affiliates of the Company; b.        entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c.        trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d.        principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f.        other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g.        other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  
     
  The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of financial statements is not required in those statements.  
     
  The disclosures shall include:  a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to   related parties   as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.  
     
    Commitments and Contingencies    
     
  The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of   the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies.   Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.   
     
  In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.    
     
  F-8  

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements.  If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.  
     
  Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.  Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows.  
     
    Revenue Recognition    
     
  The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  
     
  The Company derives its revenues from sales contracts with its customer with revenues being generated upon rendering of services.  Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is demonstrated via invoice; service is considered provided when the service is delivered to the customers; and the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the purchase order and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive.  
     
    Income Tax Provision    
     
  The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.    
     
  Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.  
     
  The Company adopted the provisions of   paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  .   Paragraph 740-10-25-13   addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under   paragraph 740-10-25-13  , the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.    Paragraph 740-10-25-13   also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.  
      
  The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.  
     
  Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.  
     
  F-9  

Uncertain Tax Positions    
     
  The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no unrecognized tax liabilities or benefits in accordance with the provisions of   Section 740-10-25   at September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
    Earnings per Share    
     
  Earnings Per Share is the   amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.    Earnings per share ("EPS") is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.    Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.      Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.  The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued   during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.  
     
  Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21 through 260-10-45-45-23   Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint of the security holder.    The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and   
  warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of paragraphs 260-10-45-35 through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied.   
     
  Equivalents of options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260 10 55 23). Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS.  Under the treasury stock method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) c. The incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.  
     
  There were no potentially debt or equity instruments issued and outstanding   at any time during   the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  
     
    Cash Flows Reporting    
     
  The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the   indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by   paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification   to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.  The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to   paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  .  
     
    Subsequent Events    
     
  The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through   the date when the financial statements were issued  .  Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.  
     
  F-10  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
   
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.  
   
   Note 3   Going Concern   
   
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared   assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business  .  
   
  As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had accumulated deficit at September 30, 2016, which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  
   
  The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company s daily operations.    
   
  Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.  
   
  The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  
   
   Note 4   Property and Equipment   
  Property and equipment at September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:  

Depreciation expense    
  Depreciation expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,262 and $858, respectively.  
   Note 5   Related Party Transactions   
   
    Consulting services from President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer    
   
  Consulting services provided by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  
   
  F-11  

* - During the year ended September 30, 2016, $6,900 (September 30, 2015: $8,100) of these related party consulting services was recognized in cost of revenues and $5,100 (September 30, 2015: $3,900) in officers  compensation within operating expenses.  
     
    Accounts Payable   Related Parties    
     
  From time to time, the President, CEO and significant stockholder of the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the advance balance was $405 and $Nil respectively.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company owed its directors and officers $27,405 and $15,000 respectively. These amounts represent unpaid consulting fees and cash advances as of the end of the reporting period.  
     
   Note 6   Stockholders  Equity    
     
    Shares authorized    
     
  Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is seventy-five million (75,000,000) shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share.  
     
    Common stock    
     
  In October 2014, the Company sold 5,500,000 shares of its common stock at par to its directors for $5,500 in cash.  
     
  During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold 3,530,000 common shares at $0.01 per share for total proceeds of $35,300.  
     
   Note 7   Income Tax   
     
    Deferred Tax Assets    
     
  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $56,992 and $13,852, respectively, that may be offset against future taxable income through 2034.  No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately $8,549, was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance.  
     
  Components of deferred tax assets are as follows:  

F-12  

Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards.  The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability.  The valuation allowance increased approximately $6,471 during the year ended September 30, 2016 and $691 during the   year ended September 30, 2015  .  
     
    Income Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations    
     
  A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows:  

We follow ASC 740    Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   . Under ASC 740, tax benefits are recognized only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. We had no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
  Our policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not recognize any interest or penalties in our statement of operations, nor did we have any interest or penalties accrued in our balance sheet at September 30, 2016 and 2015 relating to unrecognized tax benefits.  
     
  The tax years 2015-2016 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject.  
     
   Note 8   Concentrations   
     
   Customers:   
     
  The following table sets forth information as to each customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

F-13  

Note 9   Subsequent Events   
       
  In accordance with ASC 855-10 we have analyzed our operations subsequent to September 30, 2016 to the date of these financial statement were issued, and have determined that we do not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements other than the events discussed above.   

F-14  

Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND    FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
     
  During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company s Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission was declared effective. Our financial statements included in this Registration Statement for the period from December 24, 2013 (inception) to September 30, 2014 have been audited by Li and Company, PC ( Li and Company ), an independent registered public accounting firm. Our financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2015 have been audited by KLJ   Associates, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm  to the  extent  and for the  periods  set  forth in  their  report appearing  elsewhere in this document and in the  registration  statement  filed with the SEC,  and are  included  in reliance  upon such  report  given upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.  
     
  On August 7, 2015, Li and Company informed Fuse Enterprises that they had decided not to stand for reappointment as our independent registered public accounting firm. Li and Company s report on the financial statements for the year ended   September 30, 2014,   included in the Company s Registration Statement on the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2015, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting, except that the report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.   
     
  Through the period covered by the financial statements audit for the year ended September 30, 2014, including its review of financial statements of quarterly period through December 31, 2014, there have been no disagreements with Li and Company on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Li and Company would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. Through the interim period ended August 7, 2015 (the date Li and Company informed the Company that they would not stand for reappointment), there have been no disagreements with Li and Company on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Li and Company would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements.  
     
  On February 2, 2016, the Company engaged KLJ   Associates, LLP of West Chicago, Illinois ( KLJ   Associates. ) as its new independent registered public accounting firm. During the year ended September 30, 2014 and prior to February 2, 2016 (the date KLJ   Associates was engaged), we did not consult with KLJ   Associates regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by KLJ   Associates in either case where written or oral advice provided by KLJ   Associates would be an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor or was a reportable event (as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively).  
       
   Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls   
     
  We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the 2015 fiscal year.  This evaluation was conducted with the participation of our chief executive officer and our principal accounting officer.  
     
  Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported.    
     
  31  

Limitations on the Effective of Controls   
  Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud.  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but no absolute, assurance that the objectives of a control system are met.  Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs.  These limitations also include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of a control.  A design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.  
     
   Conclusions   
     
  Based upon their evaluation of our controls, the chief executive officer and principal accounting officer have concluded that, subject to the limitations noted above, the disclosure controls are effective providing reasonable assurance that material information relating to us is made known to management on a timely basis during the period when our reports are being prepared.  There were no changes in our internal controls that occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls.  
     
   PART III   
     
   Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
     
  The following table presents information with respect to our officers, directors and significant employees as of the date of this Report:  

Name    

Position    

Aleksandr Kriukov  

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director  

Pavel Mikhalkov  

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  

The Directors will serve as Directors until our next annual shareholder meeting or until a successor is elected who accepts the position.  Directors are elected for one-year terms.  Officers hold their positions at the will of the Board of Directors, absent any employment agreement.  There are no arrangements, agreements, or understandings between non-management shareholders and management under which non-management shareholders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of Fuse Enterprises affairs.   
     
    Aleksandr Kriukov.      Mr.  Kriukov holds a diploma in Financial Management and was working as an accountant for  Siberian Trading House , a management consulting firm that provided management and accounting services for various clients since 2008 to 2012. During his employment, in addition to accounting, he provided services related to website development, SEO and digital marketing to the company s clients. Mr. Kriukov gained experience in   SEO, paid search, display advertising, social and emerging media, digital marketing, web development, research, and analytics.   Since 2013, Mr. Kriukov has been working as a full-time freelancer for   a wide range of clients in various industries, specializing in SEO, PPC, Content Marketing and Social Media Marketing as well as consulting for a number of other agencies.     
     
    Pavel Mikhalkov.     Pavel Mikhalkov is holding bachelor degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering. From 2008 to 2013 he had been working as a systems engineer for the Security Firm  Aurora Inc  and was in charge of designing custom   Access Control, Badging and Visitor Management Systems, CCTV, Surveillance and IP Video Systems for commercial clients.   
     
  32  

During his employment he gained experience and technical knowledge by working with video recording, object recognition, access control software as well as knowledge of Java, C, C++, Python, HTML, and other computer languages.  In 2013, Mr. Mikhalkov started his own consultancy for security system design and installation.   
     
   Item 11:  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
         
    Compensation of Officers    
         
  The following summary compensation table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during 2016 and 2015 awarded to, earned by or paid to our executive officers.   
         
    Summary Compensation Table    

Narrative Disclosure Requirement for Summary Compensation Table    
     
    Compensation    
     
  Historically, the compensation for our officers consisted of the payments made pursuant to the consulting agreements executed and previously filed with the Commission and incorporated herein by reference. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the annual compensation was $6,000 to each Aleksandr Kriukov and Pavel Mikhalkov. We have not provided our named executive officers with perquisites or other personal benefits.   
         
    Retirement, Resignation or Termination Plans    
     
  We sponsor no plan, whether written or verbal, that would provide compensation or benefits of any type to an executive upon retirement, or any plan that would provide payment for retirement, resignation, or termination as a result of a change in control of our company or as a result of a change in the responsibilities of an executive following a change in control of our company.  
     
    Directors  Compensation    
     
  The persons who served as members of our board of directors, including executive officers, did not receive any compensation for services as directors for 2016 and 2015.  
     
  33  

Option Exercises and Stock Vested   
     
  We do not have a stock option plan in place; therefore, there were no options issued, outstanding, exercised, or stock issued or vested as compensation during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
   Pension Benefits and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   
     
  The Company does not maintain any qualified retirement plans or non-nonqualified deferred compensation plans for its employees or directors.  
     
    Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End    
     
  The following table provides certain information concerning any common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named executive officers that were outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  

Option Awards   

Stock Awards   

Name   

Number of   
   Securities   
   Underlying   
   Unexercised   
   Options(#)   
   Exercisable   

Number of   
   Securities   
   Underlying   
   Unexercised   
   Options(#)   
   Unexercisable   

Equity   
   Incentive Plan   
   Awards:   
   Number of   
   Securities   
   Underlying   
   Unexercised   
   Unearned   
   Options (#)   

Option   
   Exercise   
   Price ($)   

Option   
   Expiration   
   Date   

Number of   
   Shares or   
   Units of   
   Stock That   
   Have Not   
   Vested (#)   

Market   
   Value of   
   Shares or   
   Units of   
   Stock That   
   Have Not   
   Vested   

Equity   
   Incentive   
   Plan   
   Awards:   
   Number   
   of   
   Unearned   
   Shares,   
   Units or   
   Other   
   Rights   
   That Have   
   Not   
   Vested   

Equity   
   Incentive Plan   
   Awards:   
   Market or   
   Payout Value of   
   Unearned   
   Shares, Units or   
   Other Rights   
   That Have Not   
   Vested   

Aleksandr Kriukov  
  Chief Executive Officer, President  

Pavel Mikhalkov  
  Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer  

Secretary  

34  

Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND   RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     
  The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 30, 2016: (i) by each of our directors, (ii) by each of the Named Executive Officers, (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) by each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than five percent (5%) of any class of our outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2016 there were 9,030,000 shares of our common stock outstanding:  

(1)         Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 9,030,000 shares of common stock outstanding on September 30, 2016.   
     
  Percentage ownership is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of September 30, 2016, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.  Shares of common stock subject to securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2016, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.  Our common stock is our only issued and outstanding class of securities eligible to vote.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016 there were 9,030,000 shares of common stock outstanding owned by our officers and directors.   
       
   Item 13.         CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    
     
  Consulting services provided by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

* - During the year ended September 30, 2016, $6,900 (September 30, 2015: $8,100) of these related party consulting services was recognized in cost of revenues and $5,100 (September 30, 2015: $3,900) in officers  compensation within operating expenses.  
     
  35  

Accounts Payable   Related Parties    
     
  From time to time, the President, CEO and significant stockholder of the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the advance balance was $405 and $Nil respectively.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company owed its directors and officers $27,405 and $15,000 respectively. These amounts represent unpaid consulting fees and cash advances as of the end of the reporting period.  
     
  Our management is involved in other business activities and may, in the future become involved in other business opportunities. If a specific business opportunity becomes available, such persons may face a conflict in selecting between our business and their other business interests.    In the event that a conflict of interest arises at a meeting of our directors, a director who has such a conflict will disclose his/her interest in a proposed transaction and will abstain from voting for or against the approval of such transaction.  
   Director Independence   
     
  Under NASDAQ rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation.   
     
  Our director, Aleksandr Kriukov, is also our chief executive officer; our director Pavel Mikhalkov is also our chief financial officer. As a result, we do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors.  
     
   Item 14.         PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     
  During the year ended September 30, 2015 and the interim period through June 11, 2015 we engaged Li and Company, PC as our independent registered public accounting firm. The table below represents accounting fees incurred by the Company with Li and Company during the year ended September 30, 2015 and the interim period from October 1, 2015 through February 1, 2016.   
     
  On February 2, 2016 the Company engaged KLJ   Associates, LLP as its new independent registered public accounting firm. During the year ended September 30, 2015 and prior to February 2, 2016 (the date KLJ   Associates, LLP was engaged), the company did not incur any fees with KLJ   Associates, LLP.   

Audit fees consist of fees related to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements.  Tax fees represent fees related to preparation of our corporation income tax returns. All other fees consist of the fees charged by Li and Company for re-issuance of its auditor report related to the audited financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2014 that were included in our Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission during the year ended September 30, 2016.   
     
  36  

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants.  These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services.  Under our audit committee s policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories of services, including planned services, project based services and routine consultations.  In addition, the audit committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis.  Our audit committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years.  

PART IV   
       
   Item 15.          EXHIBITS   

EXHIBIT   
   NUMBER      DESCRIPTION   

3.1  

Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015.  

3.2  

Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015.  

4.2  

Subscription Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015.  

10.1  

Consulting Agreement (President). Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016.  

10.2  

Consulting Agreement (C.F.O.). Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016.  

31.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  

31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

32.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

32.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  

101.INS   

XBRL Instance Document **  

101.SCH   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document **  

101.CAL   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document **  

101.DEF   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document **  

101.LAB   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document **  

101.PRE   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document **  

*  Filed herewith.                                                                        
  ** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  
     
  37  

SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
     
  Date: November 17, 2016  

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.   

By:   

/s/ Aleksandr Kriukov  

Aleksandr Kriukov  

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director  

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Fuse Enterprises Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

SIGNATURES  

TITLE  

DATE   

/s/ Aleksandr Kriukov  

President, C.E.O. and Director  

November 17,  2016  

Aleksandr Kriukov  

/s/ Pavel Mikhalkov  

Treasurer, Secretary, C.F.O.,   
  Principal Accounting Officer,   
  Principal Financial Officer and Director  

November 17, 2016  

Pavel Mikhalkov  

38  

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

exhibit311.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 31.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
   SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Aleksandr Kriukov, certify that:  
     
  1.    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fuse Enterprises Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016;  
     
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;  

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):  

a)  

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)  

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

Dated: November 17, 2016    

By:  

/s/ Aleksandr Kriukov   

Aleksandr Kriukov 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

exhibit312.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
   SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Pavel Mikhalkov, certify that:  
     
  1.    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fuse Enterprises Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016;  
     
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;  

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):  

a)  

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)  

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

Dated: November 17, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Pavel Mikhalkov   

Pavel Mikhalkov  
  Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

exhibit321.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report of Fuse Enterprises Inc.  (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Aleksandr Kriukov, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 17, 2016  

By:  

/   s/ Aleksandr Kriukov   

Aleksandr Kriukov 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

exhibit322.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report of Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Pavel Mikhalkov, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 17, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Pavel Mikhalkov   

Pavel Mikhalkov  
  Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fsnt-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fsnt-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fsnt-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fsnt-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fsnt-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fsnt-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

