<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1172139_0001172139-16-000257_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9532670</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146384</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>459541</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3538145</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3971906</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1214440</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001172139-16-000257.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103164336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001172139-16-000257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BILL BARRETT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001172139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				800000545
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32367
		FILM NUMBER:		161972287

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 18TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-293-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 18TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001172139-16-000257.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 bbg-9302016x10xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  OR 

For the transition period from 
      
    to 

Commission file number 001-32367 
    
  BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    80-0000545 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation 
  or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(303) 293-9100 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes      o    No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes      o    No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    o 
       
    Accelerated filer 
      
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      o    Yes      x    No 
    
  There were   60,199,611   shares of $0.001 par value common stock outstanding on   October 21, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
      
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    27 
      
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    45 
      
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    46 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    46 
      
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    46 
      
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    47 
      
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    48 
      
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    48 
      
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    48 
      
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    48 
      
       SIGNATURES  
    50 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. 

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
    
  September 30, 2016 

1. Organization 
    
  Bill Barrett Corporation, a Delaware corporation, together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"), is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids ("NGLs"). Since its inception in January 2002, the Company has conducted its activities principally in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. 

2  . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation.   The accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company. These statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, the accompanying financial statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments) necessary to present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's interim results. However, operating results for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain definitions and a summary of significant accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as disclosed herein, there have been no material changes to the information disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Use of Estimates.   In the course of preparing the Company's financial statements in accordance with GAAP, management makes various assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and in the disclosure of commitments and contingencies. Changes in these assumptions, judgments and estimates will occur as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events and, accordingly, actual results could differ from amounts initially established. 
    
  Areas requiring the use of assumptions, judgments and estimates relate to volumes of oil, natural gas and NGL reserves used in calculating depreciation, depletion and amortization ("DD A"), the amount of expected future cash flows used in determining possible impairments of proved oil and gas properties and the amount of future capital costs used in these calculations. Assumptions, judgments and estimates also are required in determining asset retirement obligations, the timing of dry hole costs, impairments of unproved oil and gas properties, valuing deferred tax assets and estimating fair values of derivative instruments and stock-based payment awards. 
    
  Accounts Receivable.   Accounts receivable is comprised of the following: 

Oil and Gas Properties.   The Company's oil, gas and NGL exploration and production activities are accounted for using the successful efforts method. Under this method, all property acquisition costs and costs of exploratory and development wells are capitalized when incurred, pending determination of whether the well has found proved reserves. If an exploratory well does not find proved reserves, the costs of drilling the well are charged to expense and remain within cash flows from investing activities in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. If an exploratory well does find proved reserves, the costs remain capitalized and are included within additions to oil and gas properties and remain within cash flows from investing activities in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The costs of development wells are capitalized whether  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

proved reserves are added or not. Oil and gas lease acquisition costs are also capitalized. Upon sale or retirement of depreciable or depletable property, the cost and related accumulated DD A are eliminated from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is recognized.  
    
  Other exploration costs, including certain geological and geophysical expenses and delay rentals for oil and gas leases, are charged to expense as incurred. The sale of a partial interest in a proved property is accounted for as a cost recovery and no gain or loss is recognized as long as this treatment does not significantly affect the unit-of-production amortization rate. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense, and renewals and betterments are capitalized to the appropriate property and equipment accounts. 
    
  Unproved oil and gas property costs are transferred to proved oil and gas properties if the properties are subsequently determined to be productive or are assigned proved reserves. Proceeds from sales of partial interests in unproved leases are accounted for as a recovery of cost without recognizing any gain until all costs are recovered. Unproved oil and gas properties are assessed periodically for impairment based on remaining lease terms, drilling results, reservoir performance, commodity price outlooks, future plans to develop acreage, recent sales prices of comparable properties and other relevant matters. 
    
  Materials and supplies consist primarily of tubular goods and well equipment to be used in future drilling operations or repair operations and are carried at the lower of cost or market value, on a first-in, first-out basis. 
    
  The following table sets forth the net capitalized costs and associated accumulated DD A and non-cash impairments relating to the Company's oil, natural gas and NGL producing activities: 

The Company reviews proved oil and gas properties on a field-by-field basis for impairment on a quarterly basis or whenever events and circumstances indicate that a decline in the recoverability of their carrying value may have occurred. The Company estimates the expected undiscounted future net cash flows of its oil and gas properties based on the Company's best estimate of development plans, future production, commodity pricing, gathering and transportation deductions, production tax rates, lease operating expenses and future development costs. The Company compares such undiscounted future net cash flows to the carrying amount of the oil and gas properties to determine if the carrying amount is recoverable. If the undiscounted future net cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the proved oil and gas properties, no impairment is taken. If the carrying value of a property exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows, the Company will impair the carrying value to fair value based on an analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors existing as of the balance sheet date. The Company does not believe that the undiscounted future net cash flows analysis of its proved property represents the applicable market value. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, recent sales prices of comparable properties, indications from marketing activities, the present value of future revenues, net of estimated operating and development costs using estimates of reserves, future commodity pricing, future production estimates, anticipated capital expenditures and various discount rates commensurate with the risk and current market conditions associated with realizing the projected cash flows.  
    
  Oil and gas properties are assessed for impairment once they meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Assets held for sale are carried at the lower of carrying cost or fair value less costs to sell. The fair value of the assets is determined using a market approach, based on an estimated selling price, as evidenced by current marketing activities, if possible. If an estimated selling price is not available, the Company utilizes the income valuation technique which involves calculating the present value of future revenues, as discussed above. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value less costs to sell, an impairment will result to reduce the value of the properties down to fair value less costs to sell. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The Company recognized non-cash impairment, dry hole costs and abandonment expense in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations, as follows: 

(1) 
    Due to the decline in oil prices, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge associated with the Company's Uinta Oil Program proved and unproved oil and gas properties for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
       
  The provision for DD A of oil and gas properties is calculated on a field-by-field basis using the unit-of-production method. Natural gas and NGLs are converted to an oil equivalent, Boe, at the standard rate of six Mcf to one Boe and forty-two gallons to one Boe, respectively. Estimated future dismantlement, restoration and abandonment costs are taken into consideration by this calculation. 
    
  Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities.   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities are comprised of the following: 

Revenue Recognition.   Oil, gas and NGL revenues are recognized when production is sold to a purchaser at a fixed or determinable price, when delivery has occurred and title has transferred, and collectability of the revenue is reasonably assured. The Company uses the sales method to account for gas and NGL imbalances. Under this method, revenues are recorded on the basis of gas and NGLs actually sold by the Company. In addition, the Company records revenues for its share of gas and NGLs sold by other owners that cannot be volumetrically balanced in the future due to insufficient remaining reserves. The Company also reduces revenues for other owners' volumetric share of gas and NGLs sold by the Company that cannot be volumetrically balanced in the future due to insufficient remaining reserves. The Company's remaining over- and under-produced gas and NGLs balancing positions are taken into account in determining the Company's proved oil, gas and NGL reserves. Imbalances at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were not material. 
    
  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.   The Company periodically uses derivative financial instruments to achieve a more predictable cash flow from its oil, natural gas and NGL sales by reducing its exposure to price fluctuations. Derivative instruments are recorded at fair market value and are included in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities and in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations as commodity derivative gain (loss). 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes.   Income taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently payable plus deferred income taxes related to certain income and expenses recognized in different periods for financial and income tax reporting purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when assets are recovered or liabilities are settled. Deferred income taxes also include tax credits and net operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. Deferred income taxes are measured by applying currently enacted tax rates. Deferred tax assets are regularly reviewed, considering all positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, taxable strategies and results of recent operations. The assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. If it is determined that the deferred tax asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance will be recorded against the deferred tax asset. 
    
  The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes for tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are recognized. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions recorded as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Earnings/Loss Per Share.   Basic net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted net income per common share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and other dilutive securities. Potentially dilutive securities for the diluted net income per common share calculations consist of nonvested equity shares of common stock, in-the-money outstanding stock options to purchase the Company's common stock and shares into which the Convertible Notes are convertible. No potential common shares are included in the computation of any diluted per share amount when a net loss exists, as was the case for the three and    nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share: 

New Accounting Pronouncements.   In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows-Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . The objective of this update is to address eight specific cash flow issues in order to reduce the existing diversity in practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The objective of this update is to simplify the current guidance for stock compensation. The areas for simplification involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  . The objective of this update is to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  . The objective of this update is to require deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The standard will be adopted retrospectively and will not have a significant impact on the Company's disclosures and financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  . The objective of this update is to require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  . This ASU amends ASU 2015-03 which had not addressed the balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. Under ASU 2015-15, a Company may defer debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements and present such costs as an asset, subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, should be applied retrospectively and represent a change in accounting principle. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of March 31, 2016, and as a result,   $8.7 million   of debt issuance costs related to the Company s senior notes and convertible senior notes was reclassified from deferred financing costs and other noncurrent assets to long-term debt in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. The Company elected to continue presenting the debt issuance costs associated with its credit facility within deferred financing costs and other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.   The objective of this update is to provide guidance in GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The standard will be adopted prospectively and will not have a significant impact on the Company's disclosures and financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers.   The objective of this update is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard. ASU 2015-14 deferred the effective reporting periods of ASU 2014-09, and it is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard.  

3. Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
    
  Supplemental cash flow information is as follows: 

(1) 
    See Note   5   for additional information regarding the Debt Exchange. 

4  . Divestitures 
    
  On July 14, 2016, the Company sold certain non-core assets in the Uinta Basin, which included approximately   40,000   net mineral acres. The Company received   $28.9 million   in cash proceeds, after initial closing adjustments. In addition to the cash proceeds, the Company recognized non-cash proceeds of   $4.8 million   related to the relief of the Company's asset retirement obligation. Assets sold included   $31.7 million   in proved oil and gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion,  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

amortization and impairment, and   $2.0 million   in unproved oil and gas properties. Liabilities sold included   $4.8 million   of asset retirement obligations. The transaction was accounted for as a cost recovery, therefore, no gain or loss was recognized. These assets were previously classified as held for sale in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.  

5  . Long-Term Debt 
    
  The Company's outstanding debt is summarized below: 

(1) 
    The aggregate estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was approximately   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, based on reported market trades of these instruments.  
              (2) 
    The Company has the right at any time, with at least 30 days' notice, to call the remaining Convertible Notes, and the holders have the right to require the Company to purchase the notes on each of March 20, 2018 and March 20, 2023.  
                (5) 
    The aggregate estimated fair value of the Lease Financing Obligation was approximately   $2.8 million   and   $3.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Because there is no active, public market for the Lease Financing Obligation, the aggregate estimated fair value was based on market-based parameters of comparable term secured financing instruments. 
        
  Amended Credit Facility 
    
  The Amended Credit Facility had commitments from   13   lenders and a borrowing base of   $335.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. As credit support for future payment under a contractual obligation, a   $26.0 million   letter of credit was issued under the Amended Credit Facility, which reduced the available borrowing capacity of the Amended Credit Facility as of   September 30, 2016   to   $309.0 million  .  
    
  Interest rates are LIBOR plus applicable margins of   1.5%   to   2.5%   or ABR plus   0.5%   to   1.5%   and the unused commitment fee is between   0.375%   and   0.5%   based on borrowing base utilization. There have not been any borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility in 2016.  
    
  The borrowing base under the Amended Credit Facility is determined at the discretion of the lenders, based on the collateral value of our proved reserves that have been mortgaged to such lenders, and is subject to regular re-determinations on or about April 1 and October 1 of each year, as well as following any property sales. On October 28, 2016, the borrowing base was reduced from   $335.0 million   to   $300.0 million   based on proved reserves and the commodity hedge position in place at July 31, 2016. Our re-determined borrowing capacity of   $300.0 million   is reduced by   $26.0 million   to   $274.0 million   due to the letter of credit related to an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit related to a firm transportation agreement. Future borrowing  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

bases will be computed based on proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves, hedge positions and estimated future cash flows from those reserves calculated using future commodity pricing provided by our lenders, as well as any other outstanding debt. Lower commodity prices will impact the amount lenders will provide for a borrowing base. 
    
  The Amended Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants. The Company is currently in compliance with all financial covenants and has complied with all financial covenants since issuance. 
    
  If the Company fails to comply with the covenants or other terms of any agreements governing the Company's debt, the Company's lenders and holders of the Company's convertible notes and senior notes may have the right to accelerate the maturity of that debt and foreclose upon the collateral, if any, securing that debt. The occurrence of any such event would adversely affect the Company's financial condition. In September 2015, the Company obtained an amendment to the Amended Credit Facility that replaced the Company's debt-to-EBITDAX (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration expenses) covenant in the facility with a secured debt-to-EBITDAX covenant and an EBITDAX-to-interest covenant through March 31, 2018. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain similar amendments, or waivers of covenant breaches, in the future if needed. 
    
  5% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2028 
    
  On March 12, 2008, the Company issued   $172.5 million   aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes. On March 20, 2012,   $147.2 million   of the outstanding principal amount, or approximately   85%   of the outstanding Convertible Notes, were put to the Company and redeemed by the Company at par. On March 20, 2015,   $24.8 million   of the remaining outstanding principal amount, or approximately   98%   of the remaining outstanding Convertible Notes, were put to the Company and redeemed by the Company at par. After the redemption,   $0.6 million   aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . The Convertible Notes mature on   March 15, 2028  , unless earlier converted, redeemed or purchased by the Company. The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, are senior in right of payment to all of the Company's future subordinated indebtedness, and are effectively subordinated to all of the Company's secured indebtedness with respect to the collateral securing such indebtedness. The Convertible Notes are structurally subordinated to all present and future secured and unsecured debt and other obligations of the Company's subsidiaries. The Convertible Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the subsidiaries that guarantee the Company's indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility, the   7.625%   Senior Notes and the   7.0%   Senior Notes. 
    
  The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of   5%   per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. Holders of the remaining Convertible Notes may require the Company to purchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes for cash on each of March 20, 2018 and March 20, 2023 at a purchase price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to but excluding the applicable purchase date. The Company has the right with at least   30   days' notice to call the Convertible Notes. 
    
  7.625% Senior Notes Due 2019 
    
  On September 27, 2011, the Company issued   $400.0 million   in principal amount of   7.625%   Senior Notes due 2019 at par. On June 3, 2016, the Company completed a debt exchange with a holder of the   7.625%   Senior Notes (the "Debt Exchange"). The holder exchanged   $84.7 million   principal amount of the   7.625%   Senior Notes for   10   million newly issued shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the fair value of the shares issued, the Company recognized an   $8.7 million   gain on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . After the Debt Exchange,   $315.3 million   aggregate principal amount of the   7.625%   Senior Notes was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The   7.625%   Senior Notes mature on   October 1, 2019  . Interest is payable in arrears semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The   7.625%   Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company's other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes and   7.0%   Senior Notes. The   7.625%   Senior Notes are currently redeemable at the Company's option at a specified redemption price. The   7.625%   Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the subsidiaries that guarantee the Company's indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes and the   7.0%   Senior Notes. The   7.625%   Senior Notes include certain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, create liens or sell assets and that generally prohibit the Company from paying dividends. The Company is currently in compliance with all financial covenants and has complied with all financial covenants since issuance.  
    
  7.0% Senior Notes Due 2022 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

On March 12, 2012, the Company issued   $400.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of   7.0%   Senior Notes due 2022 at par. The   7.0%   Senior Notes mature on   October 15, 2022  . Interest is payable in arrears semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The   7.0%   Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company's other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes and   7.625%   Senior Notes. The   7.0%   Senior Notes are redeemable at the Company's option beginning on October 15, 2017 at an initial redemption price of   103.5%   of the principal amount of the notes. The   7.0%   Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the subsidiaries that guarantee the Company's indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes and the   7.625%   Senior Notes. The   7.0%   Senior Notes include certain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, create liens or sell assets and that generally prohibit the Company from paying dividends. The Company is currently in compliance with all financial covenants and has complied with all financial covenants since issuance. 
    
  Lease Financing Obligation Due 2020 
    
  The Company has a lease financing obligation with a balance of   $2.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   resulting from the Company's sale and subsequent lease back of certain compressors and related facilities owned by the Company (the "Lease Financing Obligation"). The Lease Financing Obligation expires on   August 10, 2020  , and the Company has the option to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term for the then current fair market value. The Lease Financing Obligation also contains an early buyout option pursuant to which the Company may purchase the equipment for   $1.8 million   on February 10, 2019. The lease payments related to the equipment are recognized as principal and interest expense based on a weighted average implicit interest rate of   3.3%  . See Note   13   for a discussion of aggregate minimum future lease payments. 
    
  The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, the cash or accrued portion of interest expense related to the Amended Credit Facility, the outstanding Convertible Notes, the   7.625%   Senior Notes, the   7.0%   Senior Notes and the Lease Financing Obligation along with the non-cash portion resulting from the amortization of the debt discount and transaction costs through interest expense: 

(1) 
    Cash interest includes amounts related to interest and commitment fees incurred on the Amended Credit Facility and participation and fronting fees paid on the letter of credit. 
               (3) 
    The stated interest rate for the Convertible Notes is   5%   per annum. The effective interest rate of the Convertible Notes includes amortization of the debt discount, which represented the fair value of the equity conversion feature at the time of issue. The stated interest rate of   5%   on the Convertible Notes will be the effective interest rate of the   $0.6 million   remaining principal balance, as the related debt discount was fully amortized as of March 31, 2012. 
     
   15 

     Table of Contents  

(5) 
    The stated interest rate for the   7.0%   Senior Notes is   7.0%   per annum with an effective interest rate of   7.2%   per annum. 
              (6) 
    The effective interest rate for the Lease Financing Obligation is   3.3%   per annum.  

6. Asset Retirement Obligations 
    
  A reconciliation of the Company's asset retirement obligations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

7. Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The Company uses market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated or generally unobservable. A fair value hierarchy was established that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 
    
  Level 1     Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
    
  Level 2     Quoted prices are available in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and in non-active markets for identical or similar instruments. Model-derived valuations have inputs that are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.  
    
  Level 3     Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate of fair value. At each balance sheet date, the Company performs an analysis of all applicable instruments and includes in Level 3 all of those whose fair value is based on significant unobservable inputs. 
    
  The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy the Company's assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

16 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    This represents a financial asset or liability that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

(1) 
    This represents a financial asset or liability that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
              (2) 
    This represents a non-financial asset or liability that is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
       
  Cash equivalents     The highly liquid cash equivalents are recorded at carrying value. Carrying value approximates fair value, which represents a Level 1 input. 
    
  Deferred compensation plan     The Company maintains a non-qualified deferred compensation plan which allows certain management employees to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation. The Company maintains assets for the deferred compensation plan in a rabbi trust. The assets of the rabbi trust are invested in publicly traded mutual funds and are recorded in other current and other long-term assets in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred compensation plan financial assets are reported at fair value based on active market quotes, which represent Level 1 inputs. 
    
  Commodity derivatives     The fair value of crude oil, natural gas and NGL forwards and options are estimated using a combined income and market valuation methodology with a mid-market pricing convention based upon forward commodity price and volatility curves. The curves are obtained from independent pricing services reflecting broker market quotes. The Company did not make any adjustments to the obtained curves. The pricing services publish observable market information from multiple brokers and exchanges. No proprietary models are used by the pricing services for the inputs. The Company utilized the counterparties' valuations to assess the reasonableness of the Company's valuations. 
    
  The commodity derivatives have been adjusted for non-performance risk. For applicable financial assets carried at fair value, the credit standing of the counterparties is analyzed and factored into the fair value measurement of those assets. In addition, the fair value measurement of a liability has been adjusted to reflect the nonperformance risk of the Company. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities in the table above. 
    
  Oil and gas properties         Oil and gas property costs are evaluated for impairment and reduced to fair value when there is an indication that the carrying costs may not be recoverable. If an impairment is necessary, the fair value is estimated by using either a market approach based on recent sales prices of comparable properties and/or indications from marketing activities or by using the income valuation technique, which involves calculating the present value of future revenues. The present value, net of estimated operating and development costs, is calculated using estimates of reserves, future commodity pricing, future production estimates, anticipated capital expenditures and various discount rates commensurate with the risk and current market conditions associated with realizing the projected cash flows, predominantly all of which are designated as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   no   properties were measured at fair  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

value. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company reduced its Uinta Oil Program assets to a fair value of   $183.8 million  , resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of   $572.4 million  . 
    
  Long-term Debt     Long-term debt is not presented at fair value on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, as it is recorded at carrying value, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. The fair values of the Company's fixed rate   7.625%   Senior Notes and   7.0%   Senior Notes totaled   $584.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The fair values of the Company's fixed rate   7.625%   Senior Notes and   7.0%   Senior Notes totaled   $542.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . The fair values of the Company's fixed rate Senior Notes are based on active market quotes, which represent Level 1 inputs. 
    
  The Company estimated the fair value of the Debt Exchange based on the fair value of the Company's common stock. The fair value of the common stock is based on active market quotes, which represent Level 1 inputs. The Company recognized an   $8.7 million   gain on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as a result of the Debt Exchange. See Note   5   for additional information regarding the Debt Exchange. 
    
  There is no active, public market for the Amended Credit Facility, Convertible Notes or Lease Financing Obligation. The recorded value of the Amended Credit Facility approximates its fair value due to its floating rate structure based on the LIBOR spread, secured interest, and the Company's borrowing base utilization. The Amended Credit Facility had a balance of   zero   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Convertible Notes had a fair value of   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The fair value of the Convertible Notes is measured based on market-based parameters of the various components of the Convertible Notes and over the counter trades. The Lease Financing Obligation fair values of   $2.8 million   and   $3.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, are measured based on market-based parameters of comparable term secured financing instruments. The fair value measurements for the Amended Credit Facility, Convertible Notes and Lease Financing Obligation represent Level 2 inputs.  

8. Derivative Instruments 
    
  The Company uses financial derivative instruments as part of its price risk management program to achieve a more predictable cash flow from its production revenues by reducing its exposure to commodity price fluctuations. The Company has entered into financial commodity swap contracts related to the sale of a portion of the Company's production. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
    
  In addition to financial contracts, the Company may at times be party to various physical commodity contracts for the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs that have varying terms and pricing provisions. These physical commodity contracts qualify for the normal purchase and normal sale exception and, therefore, are not subject to hedge or mark-to-market accounting. The financial impact of physical commodity contracts is included in oil, natural gas and NGL production revenues at the time of settlement. 
    
  All derivative instruments, other than those that meet the normal purchase and normal sale exception as mentioned above, are recorded at fair value and included in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities. The following table summarizes the location, as well as the gross and net fair value amounts of all derivative instruments presented in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the dates indicated. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Asset and liability balances with the same counterparty are presented as a net asset or liability on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
              (2) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , this line item on the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet includes   $4.1 million   of other noncurrent liabilities. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had financial derivative instruments in place related to the sale of a portion of the Company's production for the following volumes for the periods indicated: 

The Company's derivative financial instruments are generally executed with major financial or commodities trading institutions. The instruments expose the Company to market and credit risks and may, at times, be concentrated with certain counterparties or groups of counterparties. The Company had derivatives in place with   eight   different counterparties as of   September 30, 2016  . Although notional amounts are used to express the volume of these contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk, in the event of non-performance by the counterparties, are substantially smaller. The creditworthiness of counterparties is subject to continual review by management, and the Company believes all of these institutions currently are acceptable credit risks. Full performance is anticipated, and the Company has no past due receivables from any of these counterparties. 
    
  It is the Company's policy to enter into derivative contracts with counterparties that are lenders in the Amended Credit Facility or affiliates of lenders in the Amended Credit Facility. The Company's derivative contracts are documented using an industry standard contract known as a Schedule to the Master Agreement and International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. ("ISDA") Master Agreement or other contracts. Typical terms for these contracts include credit support requirements, cross default provisions, termination events and set-off provisions. The Company is not required to provide any credit support to its counterparties other than cross collateralization with the properties securing the Amended Credit Facility. The Company has set-off provisions in its derivative contracts with lenders under its Amended Credit Facility which, in the event of a counterparty default, allow the Company to set-off amounts owed to the defaulting counterparty under the Amended Credit  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Facility or other obligations against monies owed to the Company under the derivative contracts. Where the counterparty is not a lender under the Company's Amended Credit Facility, the Company may not be able to set-off amounts owed by it under the Amended Credit Facility, even if such counterparty is an affiliate of a lender under such facility. The Company does not have any derivative balances that are offset by cash collateral. 

9. Income Taxes 
    
  The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes for tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return in accordance with the FASB s rules on income taxes. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 
    
  The Company s policy is to classify accrued penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the Company s income tax provision. The Company did not record any accrued interest or penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Income tax benefit for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   differs from the amounts that would be provided by applying the U.S. statutory income tax rates to pretax income or loss principally due to the effect of deferred tax asset valuation allowances, stock-based compensation, political lobbying expense, political contributions, nondeductible officer compensation and state income taxes. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the effective tax rate remains at   zero   as a result of recording a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset balance. The Company considers all available evidence (both positive and negative) to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of the existing deferred tax assets. Such evidence includes the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment, and judgment is required in considering the relative weight of negative and positive evidence. The Company continues to monitor facts and circumstances in the reassessment of the likelihood that operating loss carryforwards, credits and other deferred tax assets will be utilized prior to their expiration. 

10. Stockholders' Equity 
    
  On June 3, 2016, the Company issued   10   million shares of common stock pursuant to a debt exchange with a holder of the Company's   7.625%   Senior Notes. The holder exchanged   $84.7 million   principal amount of the   7.625%   Senior Notes for   10   million newly issued shares of the Company s common stock.  

11. Equity Incentive Compensation Plans and Other Long-term Incentive Programs 
    
  The Company maintains various stock-based compensation plans and other employee benefits as discussed below. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the value of the awards, and the fair value is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). Cash-based compensation is measured at fair value at each reporting date and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 
    
  The following table presents the long-term cash and equity incentive compensation related to awards for the periods indicated: 

20 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Unrecognized compensation cost as of   September 30, 2016   was   $7.8 million  , which related to grants of nonvested stock options and nonvested shares of common stock that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.6 years  . 
              (2) 
    The nonvested performance-based cash units are liability awards with   $1.5 million   and   $0.4 million   in derivatives and other noncurrent liabilities in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
       
  Nonvested Equity and Cash Awards.   The following table presents the equity and cash awards granted pursuant to the Company's various stock compensation plans: 

Performance Cash Program 
    
  2016 Program.   In March 2016, the Compensation Committee approved a performance cash program (the "2016 Program") granting performance cash units that will settle in cash. The performance-based awards contingently vest in February 2019, depending on the level at which the performance goal is achieved. The performance goal, which will be measured over the   three   year period ending December 31, 2018, will be the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") based on a matrix measurement of the Company's absolute performance and ranking relative to a defined peer group's individual TSRs ("Relative TSR"). The Company's absolute performance is measured against the December 31, 2015 closing share price of   $3.93   and if the Company's absolute performance is lower than the   $3.93   share price, the payout is   zero  . If the Company's absolute performance is greater than the   $3.93   share price, then the performance cash units will vest depending on the compound annual growth rate of the Company's absolute performance and the Relative TSR up to   200%   of the original grant. 

12. Equity Distribution Agreement 
    
  On June 10, 2015, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Agreement") with Goldman, Sachs and Co. (the "Manager"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company may sell, from time to time through or to the Manager, shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to   $100.0 million  . Sales of the shares, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions through the facilities of the New York Stock Exchange, at market prices, in block transactions, to or through a market maker, through an electronic communications network or as otherwise  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

agreed by the Company and the Manager. As of   September 30, 2016  , and the date of this filing,   no   shares have been sold pursuant to the Agreement. 

13  . Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Lease Financing Obligation.   The Company has a Lease Financing Obligation with Bank of America Leasing   Capital, LLC as the lead bank as discussed in Note   5  . The aggregate undiscounted minimum future lease payments, including both principal and interest components, are presented below. The Lease Financing Obligation contains an early buyout option pursuant to which the Company may purchase the equipment for   $1.8 million   on February 10, 2019. 

Transportation Charges  . The Company is party to   two   firm transportation contracts to provide capacity on natural gas pipeline systems. The remaining term on these contracts is   five   years. The contracts require the Company to pay transportation charges regardless of the amount of pipeline capacity utilized by the Company. These monthly transportation payments are included in unused commitments expense in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result of previous divestitures in 2013 and 2014, the Company will likely not utilize the firm capacity on the natural gas pipelines. 
    
  The amounts in the table below represent the Company's future minimum transportation charges:  

Lease and Other Commitments.   The Company leases office space, vehicles and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Additionally, the Company has entered into various long-term agreements for telecommunication services as well as other drilling and throughput commitments.  
    
  Future minimum annual payments under lease and other agreements are as follows: 

22 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes contractual obligation of   $1.0 million   related to certain drilling and completion commitments due in 2017.  
       
  Litigation.   The Company is subject to litigation, claims and governmental and regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of the Company's management that current claims and litigation involving the Company are not likely to have a material adverse effect on its Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet, Cash Flows or Statements of Operations. 

14. Guarantor Subsidiaries 
    
  In addition to the Amended Credit Facility, the   7.625%   Senior Notes,   7.0%   Senior Notes and Convertible Notes, which have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, are jointly and severally guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by the Company's   100%   owned subsidiaries ("Guarantor Subsidiaries"). Presented below are the Company's condensed consolidating balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of other comprehensive income (loss) and statements of cash flows, as required by Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. 
    
  The following unaudited condensed consolidating financial statements have been prepared from the Company's financial information on the same basis of accounting as the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments in the subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method. Accordingly, the entries necessary to consolidate the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries are reflected in the intercompany eliminations column. 
    
  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations    

24 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements as to future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance of Bill Barrett Corporation (the "Company", "we", "us" or "our"). Forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to: 

potential failure to achieve expected production from existing and future exploration or development projects or acquisitions; 
                
    volatility of market prices received for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids ("NGLs"), and the risk of a prolonged period of depressed prices; 
                
    reduction of proved undeveloped reserves due to failure to develop within the five year development window defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission; 
                
    derivative and hedging activities; 
                
    legislative, judicial or regulatory changes including initiatives to impose standard setbacks from occupied structures and other sensitive areas, initiatives to give local governmental authorities the ability to further regulate or to ban oil and gas development activities within their boundaries, and initiatives related to drilling and completion techniques such as hydraulic fracturing; 
                
    solely operating in the Rocky Mountain region; 
                
    compliance with environmental and other regulations; 
                
    economic and competitive conditions; 
                
    occurrence of property divestitures or acquisitions; 
                
    possible inability to complete planned dispositions; 
                
    costs and availability of third party facilities for gathering, processing, refining and transportation; 
                
    future processing volumes and pipeline throughput; 
                
    impact of health and safety issues on operations; 
                
    operational risks, including industrial accidents and natural disasters; 
                
    reductions in the borrowing base under our amended revolving credit facility (the "Amended Credit Facility"); 
                
    debt and equity market conditions and availability of capital; 
                
    ability to receive drilling and other permits, regulatory approvals and required surface access and rights of way; 
     
   27 

     Table of Contents  

higher than expected costs and expenses including production, drilling and well equipment costs; 
                
    declines in the values of our oil and natural gas properties resulting in impairments; 
                
    changes in estimates of proved reserves; 
                
    the potential for production decline rates from our wells, or drilling and related costs, to be greater than we expect; 
                
    ability to replace natural production declines with acquisitions, new drilling or recompletion activities; 
                
    exploration risks such as drilling unsuccessful wells; 
                
    capital expenditures and contractual obligations; 
                
    liabilities resulting from litigation concerning alleged damages related to environmental issues, pollution, contamination, personal injury, royalties, marketing, title to properties, validity of leases, or other matters that may not be covered by an effective indemnity or insurance; 
                
    changes in tax laws and statutory tax rates; and 
                
    other uncertainties, including those factors discussed below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   under the headings "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" and in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, all of which are difficult to predict. 
       
  In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's views only as of the date hereof. Other than as required under the securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of changes in internal estimates or expectations, new information, subsequent events or circumstances or otherwise. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We develop oil and natural gas in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. We seek to build stockholder value by delivering profitable growth in cash flow, reserves and production through the development of oil and natural gas assets. In order to deliver profitable growth, we allocate capital to our highest return assets, concentrate expenditures on exploiting our core assets, maintain capital discipline and optimize operations while upholding high-level standards for health, safety and the environment. Substantially all of our revenues are generated through the sale of oil and natural gas production and NGL recovery at market prices. 
    
  We were formed in January 2002 and are incorporated in the State of Delaware. In December 2004, we completed our initial public offering of 14,950,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $25.00 per share. 
    
  Oil prices declined severely beginning in 2014, and price decreases continued through 2016. Natural gas and NGL prices have experienced decreases of comparable magnitude over the same period. These decreases have increased the volatility and amplitude of the other risks facing us as described in this report and in the Company's   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, have impacted our average realized unit price and are having an impact on our business and financial condition. Commodity prices are inherently volatile and are influenced by many factors outside of our control. We endeavor to maintain flexibility in our activities and capital budgeting using what we believe to be conservative sales price assumptions and our existing hedge position. If commodity prices continue at current or lower levels, our capital availability, liquidity and profitability are likely to be adversely affected. 
    
  As we go through 2016, our priority remains ensuring ample liquidity and adjusting our development plans as necessary to this end. Further, we continue to monitor debt, equity and hedging markets for opportunities to strengthen our liquidity position. On October 28, 2016, the borrowing base under our Amended Credit Facility was reduced to $300.0 million based on proved reserves in place at July 31, 2016. Our re-determined borrowing base of $300.0 million is reduced by $26.0 million to $274.0 million due to an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit related to a firm transportation agreement. 
    
  We are committed to developing and producing oil and natural gas in a responsible and safe manner. Our employees work diligently with regulatory agencies, as well as environmental, wildlife and community organizations, to ensure that exploration and development activities meet stakeholders' expectations and regulatory requirements. 
    
  Future acquisitions or dispositions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations by increasing or decreasing our reserves, production and revenues as well as expenses and future capital expenditures. We currently anticipate that we would finance any future acquisitions with available borrowings under our Amended Credit Facility, sales of properties, other indebtedness, and/or debt, equity or equity-linked securities. Our prior acquisitions and capital expenditures were financed with a combination of cash on hand, funding from the sale of our equity securities, our Amended Credit Facility, other debt financing and cash flows from operations. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Because of our growth through acquisitions and, more recently, development of our properties and sales of properties in 2015, our historical results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of these results and certain financial data may not be meaningful. In addition, past results are not indicative of future results. 
    
  Commodity prices are inherently volatile and are influenced by many factors outside of our control. We currently have hedged   713,000   barrels of oil and   460,000   MMbtu of natural gas or approximately 52% of our expected remaining   2016   production,   1,456,250   barrels of oil and   3,650,000   MMbtu of natural gas for our   2017   production and   136,500   barrels of oil for our 2018 production at price levels that provide some economic certainty to our cash flows. We focus our efforts on increasing oil, natural gas and NGLs reserves and production while controlling costs at a level that is appropriate for long-term operations. Our future earnings and cash flows are dependent on our ability to manage our revenues and overall cost structure to a level that allows for profitable production. 
    
  We operate in one industry segment, which is the development and production of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs, and all of our operations are conducted in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. Consequently, we currently report a single reportable segment. 
    
  On July 14, 2016, we closed on the sale of certain non-core assets in the Uinta Basin. Total gross consideration, including preliminary closing adjustments, was $33.7 million, including cash proceeds of   $28.9 million   and   $4.8 million   related to the relief of asset retirement obligations.  

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth selected operating data for the periods indicated: 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared with Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015     

* 
    Not meaningful. 

Production Revenues and Volumes  . Production revenues   increased   to   $50.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $48.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in production revenues was due to an   11%   increase in average realized prices before hedging, offset by an 8% decrease in production volumes. The increase in average realized prices before hedging increased production revenues by approximately $5.6 million, while the decrease in production volumes reduced production revenues by approximately $4.3 million.   
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Total production volumes were   1.6   MMBoe for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   1.7   MMBoe for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily related to a 41% decrease in production from the Uinta Oil Program due to the sale of certain non-core Uinta Oil Program assets during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and natural production declines in the Uinta Oil Program with no significant drilling or recompletion activities to offset these declines. The overall production volume decrease was offset by an increase in the DJ Basin production volumes, which were partially offset by non-core asset sales completed during the year ended December 31, 2015. Additional information concerning production is in the following table: 

* 
    Not meaningful. 

Lease Operating Expense ("LOE")  . LOE   decreased   to   $3.06   per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $5.67   per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the three months ended   September 30, 2015   is related to operational efficiencies, a decrease in service industry costs, the DJ Basin becoming a greater component of total corporate operations and sales of certain non-core assets in the DJ and Uinta Basins, which had higher LOE costs on a per Boe basis. We anticipate that LOE per Boe will increase for the three months ended December 31, 2016 due to an increase in LOE from seasonal costs with no new production to offset the increase. 

Production Tax Expense  . Total production taxes   increased   to   $3.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $3.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in production tax expense is primarily related to the 3% increase in oil, gas and NGL production revenues. Production taxes are primarily based on the wellhead values of production, which exclude gains and losses associated with hedging activities. Production taxes as a percentage of oil, natural gas and NGL sales before hedging adjustments were   7.6%   and   7.5%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Production tax rates vary across the different areas in which we operate. As the proportion of our production changes from area to area, our average production tax rate will vary depending on the quantities produced from each area and the production tax rates in effect for those areas.  

Impairment, Dry Hole Costs and Abandonment Expense.   Our impairment, dry hole costs and abandonment expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is summarized below: 

(1) 
    Due to the decline in oil prices, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge associated with the Company's Uinta Oil Program proved and unproved oil and gas properties for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

We review our proved oil and natural gas properties for impairment on a quarterly basis or whenever events and circumstances indicate that a decline in the recoverability of their carrying value may have occurred. We estimate the expected future cash flows of our oil and gas properties and compare these undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying amount of the oil and gas properties to determine if the carrying amount is recoverable. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, we will adjust the carrying amount of the oil and natural gas properties to fair value. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, recent sales prices of comparable properties, indications from marketing activities, the present value of future revenues, net of estimated operating and development costs using estimates of reserves, future commodity pricing, future production estimates, anticipated capital expenditures and various discount rates commensurate with the risk and current market conditions associated with realizing the projected cash flows.  
    
  Oil and gas properties are assessed for impairment once they meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Assets held for sale are carried at the lower of carrying cost or fair value less costs to sell. The fair value of the assets is determined using a market approach, based on an estimated selling price, as evidenced by current marketing activities, if possible. If an estimated selling price is not available, we utilize the income valuation technique, which involves calculating the present value of future revenues, as discussed above. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value less costs to sell, an impairment will result to reduce the value of the properties down to fair value less costs to sell. 
    
  Unproved oil and gas properties are assessed periodically for impairment on a property-by-property basis based on remaining lease terms, drilling results, reservoir performance, commodity price outlooks, future plans to develop acreage, recent sales prices of comparable properties and other relevant matters. We generally expect impairments of unproved properties to be more likely to occur in periods of low commodity prices because we will be less likely to devote capital to exploration activities. 
    
  Given current and projected future commodity prices, we will continue to review our acreage position and future drilling plans. In addition, we will assess the carrying value of our properties relative to their estimated future net cash flows. Estimated future net cash flows from our properties are based on our aggregate best estimates of future production, commodity pricing, gathering and transportation deducts, production tax rates, lease operating expenses and future development costs as of the balance sheet date. 
    
  Our current recoverability test on our existing proved oil and gas properties as of   September 30, 2016   uses commodity pricing based on a combination of assumptions, which are closely aligned with the assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process, including adjustments for geographical location and quality differentials as well as other factors that management believes will impact realized prices. The application of this test as of   September 30, 2016   results in a surplus of future estimated net cash flows over carrying value of approximately   $391.4 million   and   $114.4 million   for the Uinta Oil Program and DJ Basin, respectively. We completed a sensitivity test on the surplus of future estimated net cash flows by decreasing the oil price by $1.00. Natural gas and NGL pricing were not considered in this sensitivity analysis as the majority of future cash flows from these two Basins are derived from oil revenues. As a result, we estimate that the surplus in the Uinta Oil program would decrease by approximately   $15.0 million   to   $20.0 million   and the DJ Basin would decrease by approximately   $20.0 million   to   $25.0 million   for every $1.00 decrease in the oil price assumptions used in the recoverability test. If impairment is necessary, we would reduce the carrying value to fair value. If future commodity prices assumed in the recoverability test are not realized, it is likely that we will incur a significant impairment. 

(Gain) Loss on Divestitures.   The loss on divestitures for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   consisted of a $1.9 million loss related to a contingent contractual obligation associated with previously sold properties. The amount was previously disclosed in commitments and contingencies in Note 13 to the accompanying financial statements as of June 30, 2016. 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization ("DD A").   DD A   decreased   to   $43.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $54.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of   $11.7 million   was primarily due to a   15%   decrease in the DD A rate and an 8% decrease in production volumes for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Under successful efforts accounting, depletion expense is calculated on a field-by-field basis based on geologic and reservoir delineation using the unit-of-production method. The capital expenditures for proved properties for each field compared to the proved reserves corresponding to each producing field determine a depletion rate for current production. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the relationship of capital expenditures, proved reserves and production from certain producing fields yielded a depletion rate of   $27.51   per Boe compared with   $32.22   per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  

32 

Table of Contents  

Unused Commitments.   During March 2010, we entered into two firm natural gas pipeline transportation contracts to provide a guaranteed outlet for production from the West Tavaputs area of the Uinta Basin and the Gibson Gulch area of the Piceance Basin. These transportation contracts were not included in the sales of these assets in December 2013 and September 2014, respectively. Both firm transportation contracts require the pipeline to provide transportation capacity and require us to pay transportation charges regardless of the amount of pipeline capacity utilized and expire July 31, 2021. Unused commitments expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   consisted of   $4.6 million   and   $4.4 million   related to these contracts, respectively. 

General and Administrative Expense.   General and administrative expense   decreased   to   $9.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $11.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to a decrease in employee compensation and benefits.  
    
  Included in general and administrative expense is long-term cash and equity incentive compensation of   $2.1 million   and   $2.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The components of long-term cash and equity incentive compensation for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are shown in the following table: 

Interest Expense.   Interest expense   decreased   to   $14.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $15.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to the Debt Exchange completed on June 3, 2016 (see Note 5 to the accompanying financial statements), which reduced the principal of our 7.625% Senior Notes by $84.7 million. 

Commodity Derivative Gain (Loss).     Commodity derivative gain (loss)   was a   gain   of   $6.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with a   gain   of   $69.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The gain or loss on commodity derivatives is related to fluctuations of oil and natural gas future pricing compared to actual pricing of commodity hedges in place as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   or during the periods then ended. 
    
  The table below summarizes our commodity derivative gains and losses that were recognized in the periods presented: 

(1) 
    Realized and unrealized gains and losses on commodity derivatives are presented herein as separate line items but are combined for a total commodity derivative gain (loss) in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. This separate presentation is a non-GAAP measure. Management believes the separate presentation of the realized and unrealized commodity derivative gains and losses is useful because the realized cash settlement portion provides a better understanding of our hedge position. We also believe that this disclosure allows for a more accurate comparison to our peers. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   66%   of our oil volumes and   27%   of our natural gas volumes were subject to financial hedges, which resulted in an   increase   in oil income of   $19.7 million   and natural gas income of   $0.7 million   after settlements for all commodity derivatives.  
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , approximately   93%   of our oil volumes and   83%   of our natural gas volumes were subject to financial hedges, which resulted in an   increase   in oil income of   $43.1 million   and natural gas income of   $2.8 million   after settlements for all commodity derivatives.  

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded an additional valuation allowance of $10.0 million against our deferred tax asset balance which reduced our effective tax rate to zero. The income tax   benefit   of   $143.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   resulted in an effective tax rate of   25.9%  . In regard to the valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax asset balance we considered all available evidence in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. Such evidence includes the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment, and judgment is required in considering the relative weight of negative and positive evidence. We continue to monitor facts and circumstances in the reassessment of the likelihood that operating loss carryforwards, credits and other deferred tax assets will be utilized prior to their expiration. Additionally, for both the 2016 and 2015 periods, our effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate as a result of recording permanent differences for stock-based compensation expense, lobbying and political contributions, and officer compensation as well as the effect of state income taxes. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared with   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

Production Revenues and Volumes  . Production revenues   decreased   to   $126.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $158.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in production revenues was due to a   14%   decrease in average realized prices before hedging and a   7%     decrease   in production volumes. The decrease in average realized prices before hedging decreased production revenues by approximately $22.1 million, while the   decrease   in production volumes reduced production revenues by approximately $10.3 million. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

Total production volumes of   4.5   MMBoe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   from   4.9   MMBoe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily related to a 39% decrease in production from the Uinta Oil Program due to natural production declines with no significant drilling or recompletion activities to offset these declines as well as the sale of certain non-core Uinta Oil Program assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The overall production volume decrease was offset by an increase in the DJ Basin production volumes, which were partially offset by non-core asset sales completed during the year ended December 31, 2015. Additional information concerning production is in the following table: 

* 
    Not meaningful. 

Lease Operating Expense  . LOE   decreased   to   $4.87   per Boe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $7.10   per Boe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease per Boe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   is primarily related to operational efficiencies, a decrease in service industry costs, reduced workover activity in the Uinta Basin and sales of certain non-core assets in the DJ and Uinta Basins, which had higher LOE costs on a per Boe basis. 

Production Tax Expense  . Total production taxes   decreased   to   $7.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $10.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The overall decrease in production tax expense is related to the annual true-up of Colorado ad valorem tax based on actual assessments and a true-up of the Colorado severance tax based on the annual severance tax calculation. In addition, production tax expense decreased due to a   14%   decrease in average realized prices before hedging. Production taxes are primarily based on the wellhead values of production, which exclude gains and losses associated with hedging activities. Production taxes as a percentage of oil, natural gas and NGL sales before hedging adjustments were   5.6%   and   6.3%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Production tax rates vary across the different areas in which we operate. As the proportion of our production changes from area to area, our average production tax rate will vary depending on the quantities produced from each area and the production tax rates in effect for those areas.  

Impairment, Dry Hole Costs and Abandonment Expense.   Our impairment, dry hole costs and abandonment expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are summarized below: 

(1) 
    Due to the decline in oil prices, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge associated with the Company's Uinta Oil Program proved and unproved oil and gas properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
       
  We review our proved oil and natural gas properties for impairment on a quarterly basis or whenever events and circumstances indicate that a decline in the recoverability of their carrying value may have occurred. We estimate the expected  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

future cash flows of our oil and gas properties and compare these undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying amount of the oil and gas properties to determine if the carrying amount is recoverable. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, we will adjust the carrying amount of the oil and natural gas properties to fair value. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, recent sales prices of comparable properties, indications from marketing activities, the present value of future revenues, net of estimated operating and development costs using estimates of reserves, future commodity pricing, future production estimates, anticipated capital expenditures and various discount rates commensurate with the risk and current market conditions associated with realizing the projected cash flows.  
    
  Oil and gas properties are assessed for impairment once they meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Assets held for sale are carried at the lower of carrying cost or fair value less costs to sell. The fair value of the assets is determined using a market approach, based on an estimated selling price, as evidenced by current marketing activities, if possible. If an estimated selling price is not available, we utilize the income valuation technique, which involves calculating the present value of future revenues, as discussed above. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value less costs to sell, an impairment will result to reduce the value of the properties down to fair value less costs to sell. 
    
  Unproved oil and gas properties are assessed periodically for impairment on a property-by-property basis based on remaining lease terms, drilling results, reservoir performance, commodity price outlooks, future plans to develop acreage, recent sales prices of comparable properties and other relevant matters. We generally expect impairments of unproved properties to be more likely to occur in periods of low commodity prices because we will be less likely to devote capital to exploration activities. 
    
  Given current and projected future commodity prices, we will continue to review our acreage position and future drilling plans. In addition, we will assess the carrying value of our properties relative to their estimated future net cash flows. Estimated future net cash flows from our properties are based on our aggregate best estimates of future production, commodity pricing, gathering and transportation deducts, production tax rates, lease operating expenses and future development costs as of the balance sheet date. 
    
  Our current recoverability test on our existing proved oil and gas properties as of   September 30, 2016   uses commodity pricing based on a combination of assumptions, which are closely aligned with the assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process, including adjustments for geographical location and quality differentials as well as other factors that management believes will impact realized prices. The application of this test as of   September 30, 2016   results in a surplus of future estimated net cash flows over carrying value of approximately   $391.4 million   and   $114.4 million   for the Uinta Oil Program and DJ Basin, respectively. We completed a sensitivity test on the surplus of future estimated net cash flows by decreasing the oil price by $1.00. Natural gas and NGL pricing were not considered in this sensitivity analysis as the majority of future cash flows from these two Basins are derived from oil revenues. We estimate that the surplus in the Uinta Oil program would decrease by approximately   $15.0 million   to   $20.0 million   and the DJ Basin would decrease by approximately   $20.0 million   to   $25.0 million   for every $1.00 decrease in the oil price assumptions used in the recoverability test. If impairment is necessary, we would reduce the carrying value to fair value. If future commodity prices assumed in the recoverability test are not realized, it is likely that we will incur a significant impairment. 

(Gain) Loss on Divestitures.   The loss on divestitures for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   consisted of a $1.9 million loss related to a contingent contractual obligation associated with previously sold properties, offset by a $0.7 million gain related to post-closing adjustments on previously sold properties. The gain on divestitures for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of $0.8 million related to post-closing adjustments associated with previously sold properties. 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization.   DD A   decreased   to   $125.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $159.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of   $34.2 million   was a result of a 15%   decrease   in the DD A rate and a   7%     decrease   in production for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the DD A rate accounted for a $22.2 million decrease in DD A expense, while the decrease in production accounted for a $12.0 million decrease in DD A expense.  
    
  Under successful efforts accounting, depletion expense is calculated on a field-by-field basis based on geologic and reservoir delineation using the unit-of-production method. The capital expenditures for proved properties for each field compared to the proved reserves corresponding to each producing field determine a depletion rate for current production. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the relationship of capital expenditures, proved reserves and production from certain producing fields yielded a depletion rate of   $27.64   per Boe compared with   $32.53   per Boe for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  

37 

Table of Contents  

Unused Commitments.   During March 2010, we entered into two firm natural gas pipeline transportation contracts to provide a guaranteed outlet for production from the West Tavaputs area of the Uinta Basin and the Gibson Gulch area of the Piceance Basin. These transportation contracts were not included in the sales of these assets in December 2013 and September 2014, respectively. Both firm transportation contracts require the pipeline to provide transportation capacity and require us to pay monthly transportation charges regardless of the amount of pipeline capacity utilized and expire July 31, 2021. Unused commitments expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   consisted of   $13.7 million   and   $13.2 million   related to these contracts, respectively. 

General and Administrative Expense.   General and administrative expense   decreased   to   $31.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $39.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to a decrease in employee compensation and benefits.  
    
  Included in general and administrative expense is long-term cash and equity incentive compensation of   $8.7 million   and   $7.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The components of long-term cash and equity incentive compensation for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are shown in the following table: 

(1) 
    Beginning in the second quarter of 2015, the employer matching contribution to the employees 401(k) account was paid entirely in cash. 

Interest Expense.   Interest expense   decreased   to   $45.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $49.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to the Debt Exchange completed on June 3, 2016 (see Note 5 to the accompanying financial statements), which reduced the principal of our 7.625% Senior Notes by $84.7 million. In addition, we recognized additional interest expense associated with amending the credit facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Commodity Derivative Gain (Loss).     Commodity derivative gain (loss)   was a   loss   of   $7.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with a   gain   of   $75.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The gain or loss on commodity derivatives is related to fluctuations of oil and natural gas future pricing compared to actual pricing of commodity hedges in place as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and during the periods then ended. 
    
  The table below summarizes our commodity derivative gains and losses that were recognized in the periods presented: 

(1) 
    Realized and unrealized gains and losses on commodity derivatives are presented herein as separate line items but are combined for a total commodity derivative gain (loss) in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. This separate presentation is a non-GAAP measure. Management believes the separate presentation of the realized and unrealized commodity derivative gains and losses is useful because the realized cash settlement portion provides a better understanding of our hedge position. We also believe that this disclosure allows for a more accurate comparison to our peers. 
     
   38 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   68%   of our oil volumes and   25%   of our natural gas volumes were subject to financial hedges, which resulted in   increased   oil income of   $75.6 million   and natural gas income of   $2.8 million   after settlements for all commodity derivatives.  
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , approximately   92%   of our oil volumes and   88%   of our natural gas volumes were subject to financial hedges, which resulted in increased oil income of   $120.5 million   and natural gas income of   $8.4 million   after settlements for all commodity derivatives.  

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded an additional valuation allowance of $45.8 million against our deferred tax asset balance which reduced our effective tax rate to   zero  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the income tax   benefit   was   $177.1 million   resulting in an effective tax rate of   27.5%  . In regard to the valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax asset balance, we considered all available evidence in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. Such evidence includes the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment, and judgment is required in considering the relative weight of negative and positive evidence. We continue to monitor facts and circumstances in the reassessment of the likelihood that operating loss carryforwards, credits and other deferred tax assets will be utilized prior to their expiration. Additionally, for both the 2016 and 2015 periods, our effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate as a result of recording permanent differences for stock-based compensation expense, lobbying and political contributions, and officer compensation as well as the effect of state income taxes. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity since our formation in January 2002 have been net cash provided by operating activities, sales and other issuances of equity and debt securities, notes and senior notes, bank credit facilities, proceeds from sale-leasebacks, joint exploration agreements and sales of interests in properties. Our primary use of capital has been for the development, exploration and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. As we pursue profitable reserves and production growth, we continually monitor the capital resources, including potential issuances of equity and debt securities, available to us to meet our future financial obligations, fund planned capital expenditure activities and ensure adequate liquidity. Our future success in growing proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on capital resources available to us and our success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity available to us from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and under our Amended Credit Facility for our planned uses of capital for the remainder of   2016   and 2017. However, we expect to pursue opportunities to further improve our liquidity position through capital markets or other transactions, such as additional property dispositions, if we believe conditions to be favorable. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $174.3 million   and no amounts outstanding under our Amended Credit Facility. At December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of   $128.8 million   and no amounts outstanding under our Amended Credit Facility. Our borrowing base was   $335.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . Our effective borrowing capacity as of that date was reduced by   $26.0 million   to   $309.0 million   due to an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit related to a firm transportation agreement. The borrowing base is dependent on our proved reserves and hedge position and is calculated using future commodity pricing provided by our lenders, and may be adjusted in the future at the sole discretion of the lenders. On October 28, 2016, the borrowing base was reduced from $335.0 million to $300.0 million based on proved reserves in place at July 31, 2016. Our re-determined borrowing capacity of $300.0 million is reduced by $26.0 million to $274.0 million due to an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit related to a firm transportation agreement. 
    
  Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $116.2 million   and   $165.9 million  , respectively. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to decreases in production revenues and cash from derivative settlements. 
    
  Commodity Hedging Activities 
    
  Our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which are the prices we receive for the oil, natural gas and NGLs we produce. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. National and worldwide economic activity and political stability, weather, infrastructure capacity to reach markets, supply levels and other variable factors influence market conditions for these products. These factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

To mitigate some of the potential negative impact on cash flow caused by changes in oil, natural gas and NGL prices, we have entered into financial commodity swap contracts to receive fixed prices for a portion of our production revenues. At   September 30, 2016  , we had in place crude oil swaps covering portions of our 2016, 2017 and 2018 production and natural gas swaps covering portions of our 2016 and 2017 production. 
    
  In addition to financial contracts, we may at times enter into various physical commodity contracts for the sale of oil and natural gas that cover varying periods of time and have varying pricing provisions. These physical commodity contracts qualify for the normal purchase and normal sales exception and, therefore, are not subject to hedge or mark-to-market accounting. The financial impact of physical commodity contracts is included in oil, gas and NGL production revenues at the time of settlement. 
    
  All derivative instruments, other than those that meet the normal purchase and normal sales exception as mentioned above, are recorded at fair market value and are included in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities. All fair values are adjusted for non-performance risk. All changes in the derivative's fair value are recorded in earnings. These mark-to-market adjustments produce a degree of earnings volatility but have no cash flow impact relative to changes in market prices. Our cash flow is only impacted when the associated derivative instrument contract is settled by making a payment to or receiving a payment from the counterparty. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the estimated fair value of all of our commodity derivative instruments, summarized in the following table, was a net   asset   of   $33.8 million  , comprised of current and noncurrent assets and noncurrent liabilities.  

(1) 
    WTI refers to West Texas Intermediate price as quoted on the New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX"). NWPL refers to the Northwest Pipeline Corporation price as quoted in Platt's Inside FERC on the first business day of each month. 
       
  The following table includes all hedges entered into from October 1, 2016 to   October 21, 2016  : 

By removing the price volatility from a portion of our oil, natural gas and NGL related revenue, we have mitigated, but not eliminated, the potential effects of changing prices on our operating cash flow for those periods. While mitigating negative effects of falling commodity prices, these derivative contracts also limit the benefits we would receive from increases in commodity prices. 
    
  It is our policy to enter into derivative contracts with counterparties that are lenders in the Amended Credit Facility or affiliates of lenders in the Amended Credit Facility. Our derivative contracts are documented using an industry standard  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

contract known as a Schedule to the Master Agreement and International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. ("ISDA") Master Agreement or other contracts. Typical terms for these contracts include credit support requirements, cross default provisions, termination events and set-off provisions. We are not required to provide any credit support to our counterparties other than cross collateralization with the properties securing the Amended Credit Facility. We have set-off provisions in our derivative contracts with lenders under our Amended Credit Facility which, in the event of a counterparty default, allow us to set-off amounts owed to the defaulting counterparty under the Amended Credit Facility or other obligations against monies owed to us under the derivative contracts. Where the counterparty is not a lender under the Amended Credit Facility, we may not be able to set-off amounts owed by us under the Amended Credit Facility, even if such counterparty is an affiliate of a lender under such facility. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Our capital expenditures are summarized in the following tables for the periods indicated: 

Our current estimated capital expenditure budget in   2016   is approximately $100.0 million, with all drilling activities targeting oil. The budget includes facilities costs and excludes acquisitions. We may adjust capital expenditures as business conditions and operating results warrant. The amount, timing and allocation of capital expenditures is generally discretionary and within our control. If oil, natural gas and NGL prices decline below acceptable levels or costs increase above acceptable levels, we could choose to defer a portion of our budgeted capital expenditures until later periods to achieve the desired balance between sources and uses of liquidity. We would generally do this by prioritizing capital projects to first focus on those that we believe will have the highest expected financial returns and ability to generate near-term cash flow. The 2016 capital program is designed to closely align capital expenditures with expected cash flows as certain drilling activity may be deferred to protect our liquidity position.  
    
  We believe that we have sufficient available liquidity with available cash on hand, cash under the Amended Credit Facility and cash flow from operations to fund our   2016   budgeted capital expenditures. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including our level of oil and natural gas production, commodity prices and operating costs. There can be no assurance that operations and other capital resources will provide sufficient amounts of cash flow to maintain planned levels of capital expenditures.  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Amended Credit Facility 

41 

     Table of Contents  

The Amended Credit Facility had commitments from 13 lenders and a borrowing base of   $335.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. As credit support for future payment under a contractual obligation, a   $26.0 million   letter of credit has been issued under the Amended Credit Facility, which reduced the available borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Facility as of   September 30, 2016   to   $309.0 million  .  
    
  Interest rates are LIBOR plus applicable margins of   1.5%   to   2.5%   or ABR plus   0.5%   to   1.5%   and the unused commitment fee is between   0.375%   to   0.5%   based on borrowing base utilization. There have not been any borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility in 2016.  
    
  The borrowing base under the Amended Credit Facility is determined at the discretion of the lenders, based on the collateral value of our proved reserves that have been mortgaged to such lenders, and is subject to regular re-determinations on or about April 1 and October 1 of each year, as well as following any property sales. On October 28, 2016, the borrowing base was reduced from $335.0 million to $300.0 million based on proved reserves in place at July 31, 2016. Our re-determined borrowing capacity of $300.0 million is reduced by $26.0 million to $274.0 million due to an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit related to a firm transportation agreement. Future borrowing bases will be computed based on proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves, hedge positions and estimated future cash flows from those reserves calculated using future commodity pricing provided by our lenders, as well as any other outstanding debt. Lower commodity prices will impact the amount lenders will provide for a borrowing base. 
    
  The Amended Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants. We are currently in compliance with all financial covenants and have complied with all financial covenants since issuance. We expect to be in compliance with all financial covenants based on the 2016 budget. However, if commodity prices continue at current levels or lower, EBITDAX will be significantly reduced, which is a critical underpinning of our required financial covenants. If this were to occur, it will make it necessary for us to negotiate an amendment to one or more of these financial covenants. 
    
  If we fail to comply with the covenants or other terms of any agreements governing our debt, our lenders and holders of our convertible notes and our senior notes may have the right to accelerate the maturity of that debt and foreclose upon the collateral, if any, securing that debt. The occurrence of any such event would adversely affect our financial condition. In September 2015, we obtained an amendment to the Amended Credit Facility that replaced our debt-to-EBITDAX covenant in the facility with a secured debt-to-EBITDAX covenant and an EBITDAX-to-interest covenant through March 31, 2018. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain similar amendments, or waivers of covenant breaches, in the future if needed. 
    
  5% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2028 
    
  On March 12, 2008, we issued $172.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes. On March 20, 2012, $147.2 million of the outstanding principal amount, or approximately 85% of the outstanding Convertible Notes, were put to us  and redeemed by us at par. On March 20, 2015, $24.8 million of the remaining outstanding principal amount, or approximately 98% of the remaining outstanding Convertible Notes, were put to us and redeemed by us at par. After the redemption, $0.6 million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . The Convertible Notes mature on March 15, 2028, unless earlier converted, redeemed or purchased by us. The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, are senior in right of payment to all of our future subordinated indebtedness, and are effectively subordinated to all of our secured indebtedness with respect to the collateral securing such indebtedness. The Convertible Notes are structurally subordinated to all present and future secured and unsecured debt and other obligations of our subsidiaries. The Convertible Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the subsidiaries that guarantee our indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility, the 7.625% Senior Notes and the 7.0% Senior Notes. 
    
  The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. Holders of the remaining Convertible Notes may require us to purchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes for cash on each of March 20, 2018 and March 20, 2023 at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to but excluding the applicable purchase date. We have the right with at least 30 days' notice to call the Convertible Notes. 
    
  7.625% Senior Notes Due 2019 
    
  On September 27, 2011, we issued $400.0 million in principal amount of 7.625% Senior Notes due 2019 at par. On June 3, 2016, we completed the Debt Exchange, pursuant to which a holder of the 7.625% Senior Notes exchanged $84.7 million principal amount of the 7.625% Senior Notes for 10 million newly issued shares of our common stock. Based on the fair value  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

of the shares issued, we recognized an $8.7 million gain on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . After the Debt Exchange, $315.3 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.625% Senior Notes were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The 7.625% Senior Notes mature on October 1, 2019. Interest is payable in arrears semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The 7.625% Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes and 7.0% Senior Notes. The 7.625% Senior Notes are currently redeemable at our option at a specified redemption price. The 7.625% Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our subsidiaries that guarantee our indebtedness under the Amended Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes and the 7.0% Senior Notes. The 7.625% Senior Notes include certain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, create liens or sell assets and that generally prohibit us from paying dividends. We are currently in compliance with all financial covenants and have complied with all financial covenants since issuance. 
    
  7.0% Senior Notes Due 2022 
    
  On March 12, 2012, we issued $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.0% Senior Notes due 2022 at par. The 7.0% Senior Notes mature on October 15, 2022. Interest is payable in arrears semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The 7.0% Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes and 7.625% Senior Notes. The 7.0% Senior Notes are redeemable at our option beginning on October 15, 2017 at an initial redemption price of 103.5% of the principal amount of the notes. The 7.0% Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our subsidiaries that guarantee the Amended Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes and the 7.625% Senior Notes. The 7.0% Senior Notes include certain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, create liens or sell assets and that generally prohibit us from paying dividends. We are currently in compliance with all financial covenants and have complied with all financial covenants since issuance. 
    
  Lease Financing Obligation Due 2020 
    
  We have a Lease Financing Obligation with a balance of   $2.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   resulting from our sale and subsequent lease back of certain compressors and related facilities owned by us. The Lease Financing Obligation expires on August 10, 2020, and we have the option to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term for the then current fair market value. The Lease Financing Obligation also contains an early buyout option pursuant to which we may purchase the equipment for $1.8 million on February 10, 2019. The lease payments related to the equipment are recognized as principal and interest expense based on a weighted average implicit interest rate of 3.3%. See Note   13   to the accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of aggregate minimum future lease payments. 
    
  Our outstanding debt is summarized below: 

(1) 
    The aggregate estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was approximately   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   as of    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, based on reported market trades of these instruments. 
     
   43 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    We have the right at any time with at least 30 days' notice to call the Convertible Notes, and the holders have the right to require us to purchase the notes on each of March 20, 2018 and March 20, 2023. 
                (5) 
    The aggregate estimated fair value of the Lease Financing Obligation was approximately   $2.8 million   and   $3.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Because there is no active, public market for the Lease Financing Obligation, the aggregate estimated fair value was based on market-based parameters of comparable term secured financing instruments. 
        
  Credit Ratings.   Our credit risk is evaluated by two independent rating agencies based on publicly available information and information obtained during our ongoing discussions with the rating agencies. Moody's Investor Services and Standard   Poor's Rating Services currently rate our 7.625% Senior Notes and 7.0% Senior Notes and have assigned a credit rating. We do not have any provisions that are linked to our credit ratings, nor do we have any credit rating triggers that would accelerate the maturity of amounts due under our Amended Credit Facility, Convertible Notes, 7.625% Senior Notes or 7.0% Senior Notes. However, our ability to raise funds and the costs of any financing activities will be affected by our credit rating at the time any such financing activities are conducted. 
    
  Contractual Obligations.   A summary of our contractual obligations as of and subsequent to   September 30, 2016   is provided in the following table: 

(1) 
    Included in notes payable is a $26.0 million letter of credit that accrues interest at 2.0% and 0.125% per annum for participation fees and fronting fees, respectively. The expected term of the letter of credit is April 30, 2018. There is currently no balance outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. 
                (4) 
    On March 12, 2008, we issued $172.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes. On March 20, 2012 approximately 85% of the outstanding Convertible Notes, representing $147.2 million of the then outstanding principal amount, were put to us. On March 20, 2015, approximately 98% of the remaining outstanding Convertible Notes, representing $24.8 million of the then outstanding principal amount, were put to us, leaving $0.6 million principal amount remaining. We are obligated to make semi-annual interest payments on the Convertible Notes until either we call the remaining Convertible Notes or the holders put the Convertible Notes to us, which is expected to occur by 2018. 
     
   44 

     Table of Contents  

(5) 
    The Lease Financing Obligation is calculated based on the aggregate undiscounted minimum future lease payments, which include both an interest and principal component. The Lease Financing Obligation contains an early buyout option pursuant to which we may purchase the equipment for   $1.8 million   on February 10, 2019.  
              (6) 
    The lease for our principal office in Denver, Colorado extends through March 2019.  
              (7) 
    Includes contractual obligations of $1.0 million related to certain drilling commitments.  
              (8) 
    We have entered into contracts that provide firm transportation capacity on pipeline systems. The remaining term on these contracts is five years. The contracts require us to pay transportation demand charges regardless of the amount of gas we deliver to the processing facility or pipeline.  
              (9) 
    Neither the ultimate settlement amounts nor the timing of our asset retirement obligations can be precisely determined in advance. See "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a more detailed discussion of the nature of the accounting estimates involved in estimating asset retirement obligations. 
              (10) 
    Derivative liability represents the net fair value for oil, gas and NGL commodity derivatives presented as liabilities in our Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016  . The ultimate settlement amounts of our derivative liabilities are unknown because they are subject to continuing market fluctuations. See "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in "Commodity Hedging Activities" above in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more detailed discussion of the nature of the accounting estimates involved in valuing derivative instruments. 
       
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Trends and Uncertainties 
    
  We refer you to the corresponding section in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of trends and uncertainties that may affect our financial condition or liquidity. Also see "Risk Factors" in Part II of this report. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  We refer you to the corresponding section in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of critical accounting policies and estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
    
  The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term "market risk" refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil, natural gas and NGL prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than speculative trading. 
    
  Commodity Price Risk 
    
  Our primary market risk exposure is in the prices we receive for our production. Commodity pricing is primarily driven by the prevailing worldwide price for crude oil and spot regional market prices applicable to our U.S. oil and natural gas production. Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future. The prices we receive for future production depend on many factors outside of our control, including volatility in the differences between product prices at sales points and the applicable index price. Based on our average daily production and our derivative contracts in place for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our income before income taxes would have decreased by approximately   $0.7 million   for each $1.00 per barrel decrease in crude oil prices, approximately   $0.4 million   for each $0.10 decrease per MMBtu in natural gas prices and   $0.1 million   for each $1.00 per barrel decrease in NGL prices.  
    
  We routinely enter into commodity hedges relating to a portion of our projected production revenue through various financial transactions that hedge future prices received. These transactions may include financial price swaps whereby we will receive a fixed price and pay a variable market price to the contract counterparty. These commodity hedging activities are  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

intended to support oil, natural gas and NGL prices at targeted levels that provide an acceptable rate of return and to manage our exposure to oil, natural gas and NGL price fluctuations. 
    
  As of   October 21, 2016  , we have financial derivative instruments related to oil and natural gas volumes in place for the following periods indicated. Further detail of these hedges is summarized in the table presented under "Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Capital Resources and Liquidity  Commodity Hedging Activities." 

Commodity Price Risk - Carrying Value of Proved Oil and Gas Properties 
    
  Our current recoverability test on our existing proved oil and gas properties as of   September 30, 2016   uses commodity pricing based on a combination of assumptions, which are closely aligned with the assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process, including adjustments for geographical location and quality differentials as well as other factors that management believes will impact realized prices. The application of this test as of   September 30, 2016   results in a surplus of future estimated net cash flows over carrying value of approximately   $391.4 million   and   $114.4 million   for the Uinta Oil Program and DJ Basin, respectively. We completed a sensitivity test on the surplus of future estimated net cash flows by decreasing the oil price by $1.00. Natural gas and NGL pricing were not considered in this sensitivity analysis as the majority of future cash flows from these two Basins are derived from oil revenues. We estimate that the surplus in the Uinta Oil program would decrease by approximately   $15.0 million   to   $20.0 million   and the DJ Basin would decrease by approximately   $20.0 million   to   $25.0 million   for every $1.00 decrease in the oil price assumptions used in the recoverability test. If impairment is necessary, we would reduce the carrying value to fair value. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, recent sales prices of comparable properties, indications from marketing activities, the present value of future revenues, net of estimated operating and development costs using estimates of reserves, future commodity pricing, future production estimates, anticipated capital expenditures and various discount rates used by market participants that are commensurate with the risks inherent in the development and production of the underlying oil and natural gas. If future commodity prices assumed in the recoverability test are not realized, it is likely that we will incur a significant impairment. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   As of   September 30, 2016  , we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls.   There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the   third   fiscal quarter of   2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
    
  We are not a party to any material pending legal or governmental proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business. While the ultimate outcome and impact of any proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, our management does not believe that the resolution of any currently pending proceeding will have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  As of the date of this filing, there have been no material changes or updates to the risk factors previously disclosed in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   except as described below.  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

An investment in our securities involves various risks. When considering an investment in our Company, you should carefully consider all of the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us, and there may be additional matters that we are unaware of or that we currently consider immaterial. All of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and, thus, the value of an investment in our Company. 
    
  Land owner demands arising as a result of a recent decision of the Wyoming Supreme Court could have adverse effects on our business. 
    
  In December, 2015, the Wyoming Supreme Court issued its "  Pennaco"   decision, the essence of which is that parties to a contract, such as a surface use agreement, remain liable for the obligations under that agreement - even when the agreement and the underlying assets have been sold and assigned to a third party - unless the agreement contains express language releasing and discharging the original party upon such subsequent assignment.  
    
  Landowners across Wyoming are making   Pennaco   claims against companies that sold assets to other oil and gas companies that are now in default. To date, our exposure relates to coalbed methane ("CBM") leases and wells that we sold to entities which are now essentially defunct, if not in actual bankruptcy proceedings. These operators have defaulted on several annual surface use payments, as well as leaving more than 150 CBM wells acquired from the Company in non-producing (shut-in) status. The Company has been contacted by several ranches or their attorneys demanding payment of amounts in arrears, as well as conducting the plugging of the wells and land reclamation. Each case entails determining what contractual obligations are imposed by the applicable surface use agreement, taking into account state and federal plugging and reclamation requirements. 
    
  The Company obtained orders from the Wyoming Oil   Gas Conservation Commission ("WOGCC") requiring certain of the defaulting operators to "show cause" as to why the WOGCC should not authorize the Company to take over the wells in order to conduct plugging and reclamation operations. The Company is exploring a number of options including investigating third party interest in acquiring the wells, assumption of obligations related to the shallow CBM wells by operators holding "deep rights" under the leases, and negotiated settlement and release agreements with the ranches. It should also be noted that the WOGCC holds substantial plugging bonds posted by the defaulting operators. The Company is under no regulatory compulsion to plug these wells at this time. 
    
  At this time, the Company does not believe that resolving this matter will have a material financial impact. The Company believes that, if necessary, the currently identified roster of shut-in wells can be plugged, and reclaimed at cost of approximately $15,000 per well. There is no assurance, however, that this issue will not expand to wells sold to other purchasers of Wyoming assets previously owned by the Company. 
    
  Possible future ballot initiatives in Colorado, if approved, could have severely adverse effects on our operations, reserves and financial condition. 
    
  As previously disclosed, several statewide ballot initiatives were filed for the 2016 election cycle that sought to restrict or limit oil and natural gas development in Colorado. Proponents attempted to collect the required number of signatures to have two such proposals included on the ballot for the November 2016 election. One would have amended the Colorado constitution to impose a 2,500 foot statewide drilling setback from occupied structures and other sensitive areas. If implemented, this proposal would have had the effect of rendering the vast majority of the surface area of the state ineligible for drilling, including many of our planned future drilling locations. The second would have amended the state constitution to give local governmental authorities the ability to regulate, or to ban, oil and gas development activities within their boundaries notwithstanding state rules to the contrary. If implemented, this proposal could have caused us to be subject to onerous, and possibly inconsistent, regulations that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, or to outright bans on our activities in the state.  The Colorado Secretary of State determined that proponents of these proposals did not submit a sufficient number of valid signatures for the proposals to be included on the November 2016 ballot. However, similar proposals, or other proposals limiting oil and natural gas development activities, could be made in the future. Because substantially all of our operations and reserves are located in Colorado, the passage and implementation of any such proposal could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, reserves, financial condition and business generally. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Securities 
    
  There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the period covered by this report.  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  The following table contains information about our acquisitions of equity securities during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Represents shares delivered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of restricted shares of common stock issued pursuant to our employee incentive plans. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

48 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description of Exhibits 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

49 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 

Date:  
    November 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ R. Scot Woodall 

R. Scot Woodall 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:  
    November 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ David R. Macosko 

David R. Macosko 

Senior Vice President-Accounting 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bbg-9302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, R. Scot Woodall, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bill Barrett Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ R. Scot Woodall 
      R. Scot Woodall 
      Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bbg-9302016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, William M. Crawford, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bill Barrett Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ William M. Crawford 
      William M. Crawford 
      Senior Vice President-Treasury and Finance 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bbg-9302016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
  In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bill Barrett Corporation for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , I, R. Scot Woodall, Chief Executive Officer and President of Bill Barrett Corporation, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
            2. 
    The information contained in this Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bill Barrett Corporation for the periods presented therein. 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ R. Scot Woodall 
      R. Scot Woodall 
      Chief Executive Officer and President 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bbg-9302016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
  In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bill Barrett Corporation for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , I, William M. Crawford, Senior Vice President - Treasury and Finance of Bill Barrett Corporation, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
            2. 
    The information contained in this Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bill Barrett Corporation for the periods presented therein. 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ William M. Crawford 
      William M. Crawford 
      Senior Vice President-Treasury and Finance 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bbg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bbg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bbg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bbg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bbg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bbg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

