<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1599891_0001193125-16-767112_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6470070</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88551</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>324661</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1193400</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2925759</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1591106</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767112.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114085712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunshine Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001599891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36539
		FILM NUMBER:		161990951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 WEST BAKER STREET
		CITY:			PLANT CITY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33563
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(813) 752-6193

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 WEST BAKER STREET
		CITY:			PLANT CITY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33563

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767112.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d436866d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)       
 
  For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016        

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT        For the transition
period from                        to
                         
  Commission file number:  001-36539         
        SUNSHINE
BANCORP, INC.       (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland   
   
   30-0831760    
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (IRS Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     102 West Baker Street, Plant City, Florida 33563    
  (Address of principal executive offices; Zip Code)   
   (813) 752-6193    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
   None       (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes          No       
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS   
 State the number of shares outstanding of each issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date:  
 As of November 14, 2016, there were issued and outstanding 7,995,059 shares of the Registrant s Common Stock with a par value of $0.01 per share.

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  September 30, 2016 Form 10-Q   
   Index      

Page Number 

PART I  
   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   
   Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016  (Unaudited)  and December 31, 2015   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Month Periods
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Unaudited)    

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three
 and Nine Month Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Unaudited)    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Month
 Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Unaudited)    

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Nine Month Periods Ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Unaudited)    

6-7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
 (Unaudited)    

8-24 

Item 2. 
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

25-36 

Item 3. 
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   

37 

Item 4. 
   
    Controls and Procedures   

37 

PART II  
   
  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   
    Legal Proceedings   

38 

Item 1A. 
   
    Risk Factors   

38 

Item 2. 
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

38 

Item 3. 
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

38 

Item 4. 
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

38 

Item 5. 
   
    Other Information   

38 

Item 6. 
   
    Exhibits   

38 

SIGNATURES  

39 

1  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
   (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)        
   See Accompany Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations    (Unaudited)      
   (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)        
   See Accompany Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited)   
   (Dollars in thousands)        
   See Accompany Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
   (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)    
  Nine months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       
   See Accompany Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
   (Dollars in thousands)        
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (Unaudited)    
   (Dollars in thousands)        
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
  (1) Organization and Significant Accounting Policies   
   Organization.   Sunshine Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Holding Company ), was formed on March 7, 2014
to serve as the savings and loan holding company for Sunshine Bank, a federal savings bank (the  Bank ). The Holding Company was formed as part of the Bank s mutual-to-stock conversion (the  Conversion ). Collectively, the
Bank and Holding Company are referred to as the  Company.  On July 14, 2014, the Conversion was completed and the Holding Company became the parent holding company for the Bank.  
 Sunshine Bank is a federal stock savings bank. It was first organized in 1954 as a federal mutual savings and loan association under the name
First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Plant City. In 1975, the Bank changed its name to Sunshine State Federal Savings and Loan Association. In 2014, the Bank changed its name to Sunshine Bank. The Bank through its eighteen full service
banking offices provides a variety of retail community banking services to individuals and businesses primarily in Hillsborough, Polk, Manatee, Sarasota, Pasco, Orange, and with its recent acquisition enters Brevard, Osceola, and Seminole Counties,
Florida.    Our accounting and reporting policies conform to Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) and general practices within the banking industry and are described in note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  as updated by
information in this  Form 10-Q.  These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes are presented in accordance with the instructions for  Form 10-Q, 
certain information and disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted.  
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company contain all adjustments (consisting
principally of normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period.  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
in the consolidated financial statements and notes. While management believes the sources utilized to arrive at the estimates are reliable, different sources or methods could have yielded different estimates. Such different value estimates could
affect future earnings through different values being utilized for the disposition or amortization of the underlying assets and liabilities acquired. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes include the allowance
for loan losses, the valuation of goodwill and other intangibles, deferred income taxes, and purchase accounting related adjustments.  
   Principles of Consolidation.   The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Holding Company and the
Bank. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The condensed consolidated financial statements in this report have not been audited except for information derived from our audited 2015 financial
statements.      Share-based Compensation.   The Company expenses the fair value of any stock options or restricted stock granted.
The Company recognizes share-based compensation in operations as the awards vest.      Comprehensive Income (Loss).   GAAP
generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in operations. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported as a separate
component of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet, such items along with net income (loss), are components of comprehensive income (loss).  
      8  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
    Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements.   In June 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new guidance related to  Credit Losses . The new guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with an expected credit loss methodology and requires consideration
of a broader range of information to determine credit loss estimates. Financial assets measured at amortized cost will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected by using an allowance for credit losses. Purchased credit impaired loans
will receive an allowance account at the acquisition date that represents a component of the purchase price allocation. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company will assess this guidance to
determine the impact on its consolidated financial statements.    During March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to  Stock
Compensation . The new guidance allows entities to make a one-time policy election to account for forfeitures when they occur, instead of accruing compensation cost based on the number of awards expected to vest. Additionally, the new guidance
changes the requirement for an award to qualify for equity classification. Cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. This guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
 During February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to  Leases . The new guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and
liabilities related to certain operating leases on the balance sheet. The new guidance also requires additional disclosures by lessees and contains targeted changes to accounting by lessors. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently assessing this guidance to determine the impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
   Reclassifications.   Certain amounts reported in the prior periods, consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to
conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported net income or stockholders  equity.     (2)
Business Combinations       Acquisition of Certain Assets and Liabilities of First Federal Bank of Florida.   On
November 13, 2015, the Bank, pursuant to a purchase and assumption agreement, assumed the deposits and certain loans from two branch offices of First Federal Bank of Florida. The branch offices are located in Bradenton and Sarasota, Florida.
The purchase and assumption added $47.0 million in deposits and $7.9 million in loans. Sunshine Bank also purchased the real estate and selected fixed assets associated with the branches. The Company acquired these assets and liabilities
to expand its market presence to Sarasota and Manatee Counties, Florida and to capitalize on the demographically attractive I-75 corridor between Tampa and Sarasota, Fl. The Company incurred approximately $171,000 in acquisition related
expenses.      Acquisition of Community Southern Holdings, Inc.   On June 30, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the
outstanding common shares of Community Southern Holdings, Inc. for cash of $30.3 million, through an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger ). Community Southern Holdings, Inc. was merged into the Company and Community Southern Bank was
merged into the Bank. The Company acquired $250.4 million in assets and assumed $214.4 million in liabilities and stockholders  equity and exchanged $5.7 million in preferred stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of its Small
Business Lending Fund. The exchanged shares were subsequently redeemed on September 30, 2015 at their par value of $5.7 million. The Company acquired these assets and liabilities to expand its market presence to Polk and Orange Counties,
Florida and to strengthen its position along the demographically attractive I-4 corridor. The Company incurred approximately $1.3 million in merger and acquisition related expenses. Management used market quotations to measure the fair
value of investment securities and FHLB advances.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  Community Southern Bank s loans were measured at fair value by discounting both expected
principal and interest cash flows using an observable discount rate for similar instruments that a market participant would consider in determining fair value. Additionally, consideration was given to management s best estimates of default
rates and payment speeds. At acquisition, Community Southern Bank s loan portfolio totaled $170.0 million and was recorded at a fair value of $171.5 million. The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired,
liabilities assumed and stockholders  equity exchanged on the date of acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2015  (in thousands) :      
     Acquisition of Florida Bank of Commerce.   On October 31, 2016, pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) entered into May 9, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of FBC Bancorp, Inc., a Florida corporation ( FBC ), and Florida Bank of Commerce, a Florida state bank and wholly-owned
subsidiary of FBC ( FBC Bank ), where FBC merged with and into the Company, and FBC Bank merged with and into Sunshine Bank (collectively, the  Merger ). At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock of FBC was
converted into 0.88 shares of common stock of the Company. The Company acquired these assets and liabilities to expand its market presence in the Greater Orlando MSA and to further its strategy of capitalizing on opportunities along the
demographically attractive  I-4 corridor.  With the acquisition the Company enters Brevard, Osceola, and Seminole Counties, Florida. Since the acquisition occurred after the reporting date but before the
filing of this  form 10-Q,  the Company has not completed its initial accounting for the business combination which will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The fair value of the
assets and liabilities are still to be determined, which precludes the Company from reporting substantially all the required disclosure including the supplemental pro forma information at this time.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (3) Securities   
 Securities have been classified according to management intent. On March 19, 2015 the Company transferred all securities classified as
held to maturity to available for sale at a fair market value of $69.7 million. The transfer was performed to enhance the interest rate risk position of the Company and provide liquidity for future loan growth. As a result of the transfer, the
Company is precluded from classifying securities as held to maturity until March 2017. The amortized cost and fair values of securities are as follows  (in thousands) :      
   The amortized cost and fair value of securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown
below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to call or prepayment rights. Securities not due at a single maturity date, primarily mortgage backed securities, are shown separately.  (in thousands)   
   
   Securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position, are as follows  (in thousands) :      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  At September 30, 2016 there were seven securities in a loss position. In considering the
credit quality of the issuers, the nature and cause of the unrealized loss, the severity and length of time in an unrealized loss position, and other factors, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the par value
of the investments. Management determined that the decline in fair value is attributable to fluctuations in interest rates and other market conditions and not a deterioration of the credit quality of the issuers. Because the Company has the ability
and intent to hold these investments until a market price recovery or maturity, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired.  
 The Company pledged securities with a fair market value of approximately $16.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $22.1 million
at December 31, 2015 to secure public funds and other borrowings.    Securities available for sale sold, are summarized as follows
 (in thousands) :      
    (4) Loans   
 The loan portfolio segments and classes are as follows  (in thousands) :  

12  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  The Company has divided the loan portfolio into three portfolio segments, each with different risk
characteristics and methodologies for assessing risk. All loans are underwritten in accordance with policies set forth and approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The portfolio segments identified by the Company are as follows:  
   Real Estate Loans.   Real estate loans are typically segmented into four classes: one-to-four-family residential, commercial and
multi-family, construction and land, and home equity.    One-to-four-family residential real estate loans are underwritten based on the
borrower s repayment capacity and source, value of the underlying property, credit history and stability.    Commercial and multifamily
real estate loans are secured by the subject property and are underwritten based on loan to value limits, cash flow coverage and general creditworthiness of the obligors. These loans are generally considered to have more credit risk than traditional
one-to-four-family residential loans because these loans tend to involve larger loan balances and their repayment is typically dependent upon the successful operation and management of the underlying real estate.  
 Construction and Land loans are to finance the construction of owner-occupied and lease properties. These loans are categorized as
construction loans during the construction period, later converting to commercial or one-to- four-family residential loans after the construction is complete and amortization of the loan begins. Real estate development and construction loans are
approved based on an analysis of the borrower and guarantor, the viability of the project and on an acceptable percentage of the appraised value of the property securing the loan. Construction loan funds are disbursed periodically based on the
percentage of construction or development completed. The Company carefully monitors these loans with on-site inspections and requires the receipt of lien waivers on funds advanced. Construction and land loans are typically secured by the properties
under development or construction, and personal guarantees are typically obtained. Further, to assure that reliance is not placed solely on the value of the underlying property, the Company considers the market conditions and feasibility of proposed
projects, the financial condition and reputation of the borrower and guarantors, the amount of the borrower s equity in the project, independent appraisals, cost estimates and pre-construction sale information. The Company also makes loans on
occasion for the purchase of land for future development by the borrower. Land loans are extended for the future development for either commercial or residential use by the borrower. The Company carefully analyzes the intended use of the property
and the viability thereof.    Home equity loans consists of either revolving line of credit, term, or second mortgage loans secured by
one-to-four residential real estate. These loans have similar risk characteristics to one-to-four family loans and are secured by a first or second mortgage on the borrower s principal residence or their second/vacation home (excluding
investment/rental property). There are minimum credit score standards, maximum debt to income ratios and credit requirements on each Home equity product. Home equity lines of credit are variable rate based on an index of Wall Street Journal prime
rate with a margin.      Commercial Loans.   Commercial loans are primarily underwritten on the basis of the borrowers 
ability to service such debt from income. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. As a general practice, the Company takes as collateral a security interest in any
equipment, or other chattel, although loans may also be made on an unsecured basis. Collateralized working capital loans typically are secured by short-term assets whereas long-term loans are primarily secured by long-term assets.  
   Consumer Loans.   Consumer loans are extended for various purposes, including purchases of automobiles, recreational vehicles, and
boats. The Company also offers lines of credit, personal loans, and deposit account collateralized loans. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their
market areas such as unemployment levels. Loans to consumers are extended after a credit evaluation, including the creditworthiness of the borrower(s), the purpose of the credit, and the secondary source of repayment. Consumer loans are made at
fixed and variable interest rates and may be made on terms of up to ten years. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  An analysis of the change in the allowance for loan losses follows  (in thousands) :

14  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the
ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors.  
 The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. Loans classified as substandard or special mention are
reviewed quarterly by the Company for further deterioration or improvement to determine if they are appropriately classified and whether there is any impairment. All loans are graded upon initial issuance. Further, commercial, multi-family and
commercial real estate loans are generally reviewed periodically to determine the appropriate loan grading. In addition, during the renewal process of any loan, as well as if a loan becomes past due, the Company will determine the appropriate loan
grade.    Loans excluded from the review process above are generally classified as pass credits until: (a) they become past due;
(b) management becomes aware of a deterioration in the credit worthiness of the borrower; or (c) the borrower contacts the Company for a modification. In these circumstances, the loan is specifically evaluated for potential classification
as to special mention, substandard or even charged-off. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings:     Pass    A
Pass loan s primary source of loan repayment is satisfactory, with secondary sources very likely to be realized if necessary.  
  Special Mention    A Special Mention loan has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left
uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or the Company s credit position at some future date. Special Mention loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an
institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.     Substandard    A Substandard loan is inadequately protected
by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the
distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.     Doubtful    A loan
classified Doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in a loan classified Substandard with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly
questionable and improbable.     Loss    A loan classified Loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value that
continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even
though partial recovery may be affected in the future.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  The following summarizes the loan credit quality  (in thousands) :  
   
   Age analysis of past-due loans is as follows  (in thousands) :  

16  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  The following summarizes the amount of impaired loans  (in thousands) :  

17  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  The average net investment in impaired loans and interest income recognized and received on
impaired loans are as follows  (in thousands) :      
   During the three and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not enter into any
debt restructurings and the Company had no loans restructured as troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted that had been modified in the previous twelve month period. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had remaining
approximately $864,000 accruing TDR s and $148,000 of non-accruing TDR s.    At September 30, 2016, the contractually
required principal of Purchased Credit Impaired ( PCI ) loans acquired was $312,000. The recorded investment of PCI loans was $191,000. There were no additional losses generated during the three month or nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from these loans.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (5) Other Borrowings   
 The Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ). The FHLB requires members to purchase stock in the FHLB,
the required amount changes based upon their level of borrowings. FHLB stock is non-marketable and is carried at cost. At September 30, 2016 the Company held $1.9 million in FHLB stock.  
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had a maximum borrowing capacity of approximately $128.5 million with the FHLB. Advances are
secured by a blanket lien on loans and the Company s FHLB stock. Pursuant to the collateral agreement, borrowing availability is determined by the amount of qualifying collateral pledged. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$107.8 million in loans pledged and total availability of approximately $72.6 million.    As of at September 30, 2016, the
Company had the following FHLB advances ($ in thousands).      
   The Company enters into sweep agreements with customers that sweep funds from deposit accounts into investment
accounts. These investment accounts are not federally insured and are treated as borrowings. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of such borrowings totaled $1.8 million. The Company pledged securities with a market value of
$5.0 million as collateral for these agreements. There were $1.5 million in sweep agreements at December 31, 2015.     (6) Subordinated
notes     On March 30, 2016, the Company accepted subscriptions for and sold, at 100% of their principal amount, an aggregate of
$11.0 million of subordinated notes (the  Notes ), on a private placement basis, to two accredited investors. The investors included a corporation owned and controlled by George Parmer, who is a director of the Company, which
purchased $7.0 million in principal amount of the Notes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 5.0% per year. The Notes have a term of five years, and have a maturity date of April 1, 2021. The Notes are redeemable at
the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at any time, without penalty or premium, subject to any required regulatory approvals. The Company contributed the proceeds from the Notes to the Bank as equity capital to support the Bank s
continued growth, including ongoing lending activities.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (7) Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are as follows  (in thousands) :  
   
   Discussion regarding the assumptions used to compute the estimated fair values of instruments can be found in
Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) on March 18, 2016 ( 2015  Form 10-K ).      (8) Fair Value
Measurements     Securities available for sale measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below  (in thousands) :

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, no securities were transferred in or out of
Levels 1, 2, or 3.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
  Impaired collateral-dependent loans are carried at fair value when the current collateral
value is lower than the carrying value of the loan. Those impaired collateral-dependent loans which are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, excluding purchased credit impaired loans are as follows  (in thousands) :  
   
   Other real estate owned which is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis is summarized below  (in
thousands) :      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (9) Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP )   
 The Holding Company has established an ESOP which acquired 338,560 shares in exchange for a $3,385,600 indirect note payable from the Employee
Stock Ownership Plan Trust to the Holding Company. The note bears interest at a variable rate based on Prime and is payable in thirty annual installments. As of September 30, 2016, 22,571 shares held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust
have been released and allocated to employees.    ESOP shares were as follows ($ in thousands, except per share amounts):  
   
    (10) Stock-Based Compensation   
 On August 26, 2015, stockholders approved the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), which provides for the
grant of stock-based awards to officers, employees and directors of the Company. On September 28, 2016, stockholders approved an amendment to the Plan. The amendment increased the total number of shares available for issuance from 592,480
shares to 742,480 shares and the corresponding increase in the maximum number of shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options. In connection with the overall increase, stockholders approved to simplify and consolidate the various
limitations on issuances of types of award. Additional details regarding changes to the Plan can be found on the Company s registration statement filed on Form S-4 with the SEC.  
 The fair value of options is measured on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company used the following
assumptions to determine the fair value of stock options granted which included the one year Treasury-bill rate to establish a risk free interest rate of 0.32%, expected volatility of 16.7%, and an expected life of seven years. There were no
outstanding stock options or restricted stock grants as of September 30, 2015.    Summary of the outstanding stock options and
restricted stock under the 2015 Equity Plan at September 30, 2016:      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (11) Regulatory Matters   
 Effective January 1, 2015, the Bank became subject to new capital requirements set forth by federal banking regulations. These changes
were designed to ensure capital positions remain strong during the events of economic downturns or unforeseen losses. The Company is exempt from consolidated capital requirements as the Federal Reserve Board amended its  small bank holding
company  policy statement to generally exempt savings and loan holding companies with less than $1.0 billion in assets from capital requirements.  
 These new requirements create a new capital ratio for common equity Tier 1 capital and increase the Tier 1 capital ratio
requirements. Under the new capital regulation for the Bank, the minimum capital ratios consist of a common equity tier 1 ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets, a tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0% of risk-weighted assets, a total capital ratio of
8.0% of risk weighted assets, and a leverage ratio of 4.0%. Common equity tier 1 generally comprises of common stock, additional paid in capital, and retained income.  
 There were changes in the risk weighting of certain assets to better reflect the risk associated with those assets, such as the risk weighting
for nonperforming loans and certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisitions, development and construction loans. The changes also include additional limitations on the inclusion of deferred tax asset in capital. The Bank made a one-time
election to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from regulatory capital in order to reduce the impact of market volatility on regulatory capital. In order to avoid limitations on distributions, including dividend payments, and certain
discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, an institution must hold a capital conservation buffer above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank s capital conservation buffer was 7.84%
exceeding the minimum of 0.625% for 2016.    The following table shows the Bank s capital amounts and ratios and regulatory thresholds
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank was  Well Capitalized  under all capital ratios.      
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited)      
   
   (12) Earnings (Loss) Per Share   
 Basic earnings (loss) per share has been computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding. For the
three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 outstanding stock options are considered dilutive securities for the purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share which was computed using the treasury method. There were no stock
options outstanding as of September 30, 2015. The shares purchased by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan are included in the weighted-average shares when they are committed to be released.  ($ in thousands, except per share amounts) :  

24  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of   
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented elsewhere
in this report. For additional information, refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes for the year ended December 31, 2015 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
  Forward-Looking Statements     This Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These statements can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project, 
 believe,   intend,   anticipate,   assume,   plan,   seek,   expect,   will,   may,   should,   indicate,   would, 
 contemplate,   continue,   target  and words of similar meaning. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results include, general economic conditions, including our local,
state and national real estate markets and employment trends; changes in legislation or regulation; competition from other financial institutions; the accuracy of our estimates of future loan losses; inflation, interest rate, market and monetary
fluctuations; acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses; the possible impairment of goodwill associated with our acquisitions; expansion of our operations, including branch openings and branch acquisitions, new product offerings and
expansion into new markets; the impact of new capital requirements; restrictions or conditions imposed by our regulators on our operations; cybersecurity breaches, including potential business disruptions or financial losses. Should one or more of
these risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company
disclaims any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements contained in this  Form 10-Q  to reflect future events or developments.  
  Overview     The Bank is a financial services institution
focused on positively impacting the consumers, businesses, and non-profits throughout central Florida by creating financial success for our customers. Our competitive advantage is our ability to attract and retain employees, who are passionate about
providing uncompromising service with a sense of warmth, integrity, friendliness, and company spirit. Operations are conducted from the main banking office in Plant City, Florida and seventeen additional full service Florida banking offices located
in Bartow, Brandon, Bradenton, Kissimmee, Lakeland, Lake Mary, Melbourne, Merritt Island, Orlando, Plant City, Riverview, Sarasota, Tampa, Winter Haven, Winter Park, and Zephyrhills,. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the
symbol  SBCP.     Our principal business has consisted of attracting retail and commercial deposits from the general public in our primary market
area of Brevard, Hillsborough, Manatee, Orange, Osceola, Pasco, Polk, and Seminole counties, Florida, and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, in commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and, to a
lesser extent, multi-family real estate, land and construction, one-to- four-family and consumer loans. We also invest in securities, which consist primarily of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S government sponsored enterprise ( GSE )
mortgage-backed securities, GSE securities and obligations, U.S. government agency securities, and securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank. We offer a variety of deposit accounts to consumers and small businesses, including savings accounts,
NOW accounts, money market accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, other borrowings, and cash management programs.    Our results of operations depend
primarily on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. Our results of operations also are affected
by our provision for loan losses, non-interest income and non-interest expense. Non-interest income currently consists of fees and service charges on deposit accounts, mortgage broker fees, gain on sales of securities, income from bank-owned life
insurance and other income. Non-interest expense currently consists of expenses related to salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data and item processing, professional fees, advertising and promotion, stationery and supplies, FDIC
insurance, merger related expenses, and other expenses.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive
conditions, changes in market interest rates, governmental policies and actions of regulatory authorities.     Recent Developments   
 On October 31, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the common stock of FBC Bancorp, Inc., a Florida corporation ( FBC ), and Florida
Bank of Commerce, a Florida state bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of FBC ( FBC Bank ), pursuant into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) entered into May 9, 2016, where FBC merged with and into the
Company, with the Company as the surviving entity, and FBC Bank merged with and into Sunshine Bank, with Sunshine Bank surviving as the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary (collectively, the  Merger ).  
 The strategic partnership created a franchise with 18 banking facilities across central Florida, stretching from the East to West Coasts. The Company acquired
these assets and liabilities to expand its market presence in the Greater Orlando MSA and to further its strategy of growth along the demographically attractive I-4 corridor. The transaction expands Sunshine Bank into contiguous markets. With the
Merger the company enters Brevard, Osceola, and Seminole Counties, Florida. The Company believes it is well position to take advantage of high growth markets in Florida by having presence in two of Florida s largest metropolitan MSA s in
Tampa and Orlando.    At the effective time of the Merger, each share of common stock of FBC was converted into 0.88 shares of common stock of the Company.
As a result of the Merger, FBC s stockholders own approximately 34.6% of the Company s common stock.    At the completion of the Merger, Dana
Kilborne, FBC s President and Chief Executive Officer, joined the Company as a director, and Executive Vice President of the Company, and Co-President of Sunshine Bank. Four additional FBC board members, Malcolm Kirschenbaum, Sal A. (Joe)
Nunziata, James T. Swann, and John C. Reich were appointed to the Company and Sunshine Bank board of directors, increasing the total number of directors of the Company and the Bank to fifteen members.  
  Critical Accounting Policies     There have been no material
changes in our critical accounting policies since the Company filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2015.     Comparison of Financial Condition at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015       Total Assets.   Total assets increased $56.7 million, or 11.2%, to
$564.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $507.3 million at December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily the result of an increase of $69.7 million in net loans partially offset by decreases of $4.1 million in cash and cash
equivalents and $4.9 million in securities available for sale.      Cash and Cash Equivalents.   Total cash and cash equivalents
decreased by $4.1 million, or 6.9%, to $55.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $59.3 million at December 31, 2015. Cash provided by financing activities totaled $58.5 million, primarily from increases in deposits,
borrowings and subordinated notes. This was offset by cash used in investing of $63.9 million primarily from increases in loans.  
   Investment Securities.   Investment securities decreased $4.9 million, or 7.4%, to $61.0 million at September 30,
2016 from $65.9 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to $18.5 million in maturities, repayments, and calls, and the sale of approximately $22.2 million in securities during the first nine months of 2016,
resulting in a $208,000 gain. These decreases in securities were offset by $35.9 million in purchases of agency mortgage backed securities during the same time period. All of our investment securities were classified as available for sale at
both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Net Loans.   Our primary interest-earning asset and source of income
is our loan portfolio. Net loans increased $69.7 million, or 21.4%, to $396.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $326.3 million at December 31, 2015. The growth consisted of increases of $35.1 million in commercial real
estate loans, $21.3 million in commercial loans,  
      26  

Table of Contents  

$4.5 million in home equity loans, and $5.0 million in one-to-four family residential loans. During the first nine months of the year, the Bank continued its strategic emphasis to focus
more of its lending activities on the origination of commercial loans. This emphasis stresses the Bank s effort on relationship banking and targeted asset class diversification within the loan portfolio. During the third quarter of 2016, the
Bank purchased a small pool of 27 residential mortgages totaling $11.2 million to offset greater than anticipated declining balances of one-to-four family residential loans being refinanced. The Bank wanted to supplement this class of
loans to continue to meet certain regulatory requirements related to the Bank operating under a thrift charter, such as its Qualified Thrift Lender ratio. While the Bank still plans to sell one-to-four family residential loans originated for sale
and recognize gains on the sale, we may further increase our mortgage loans outstanding with additional purchases to stay compliant with our certain thrift related requirements.  
   Deposits.   Deposits increased $39.7 million, or 9.9%, to $438.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $399.1 million at
December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $30.0 million money market deposit made by the Florida Bank of Commerce and an increase of $ $25.0 million in non-reciprocal brokered time deposits, offset by a decrease of
$3.8 million in core deposits. The increase in non-reciprocal brokered time deposits was to allow for runoff of higher rate and municipal time deposits requiring pledges. The decrease in core deposits resulted mainly from seasonal variations in
the agricultural deposit base. The Bank continued its efforts to attract new customers and offer more banking options to existing relationships by opening two new full service offices in Tampa and Orlando during the first quarter of 2016.  
   Borrowings.   Other borrowings, consisting of Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances and customer repurchase sweep
agreements, increased $7.9 million to $36.8 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $28.9 million at December 31, 2015. The $35.0 million in FHLB advances are secured by a blanket asset lien on loans with maximum
borrowing capacity of approximately $128.5 million at September 30, 2016, collateralized by residential and commercial real estate loans. The customer repurchase sweep agreements are secured by securities with a market value of
$5.0 million at September 30, 2016.    Subordinated notes (the  Notes ) were $11.0 million at September 30, 2016. There were
no notes outstanding at December 31, 2015. The Notes were issued on March 30, 2016, to two accredited investors. The investors included a corporation owned and controlled by George Parmer, who is a director of the Company, which purchased
$7.0 million in principal amount of the Notes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 5.0% per year. The Notes have a maturity date of April 1, 2021. The Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
at any time, without penalty or premium, subject to any required regulatory approvals. The Company contributed the proceeds from the Notes to the Bank as equity capital to support the Bank s continued growth, including ongoing lending
activities.      Stockholders  Equity.   Stockholders  equity increased $1.3 million, or 1.8%, to
$72.7 million at September 30, 2016, as a result of net income of $471,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $637,000 in additional paid in capital from stock-based compensation and $208,000 in other comprehensive income
mainly from increases in unrealized gains on securities.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

    Average Balances and Yields  . The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields
and costs, and certain other information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments have been made, as we had no tax-free interest-earning assets during the periods. All average balances
are daily average balances based upon amortized costs. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts, and premiums that are amortized or accreted to
interest income or interest expense.      

(1) 
 Annualized.    

(2) 
 Includes interest-earning deposits, federal funds, FHLB stock and time deposits with other banks.    

(3) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted-average yield on interest earning assets and the weighted-average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.        
      28  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Annualized.    

(2) 
 Includes interest-earning deposits, federal funds, FHLB stock and time deposits with other banks.    

(3) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted-average yield on interest earning assets and the weighted-average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015
      General.   Net income available to common stockholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $244,000
compared to net income of $35,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income available to common stockholders was primarily due to increases in net interest income of $520,000 or 13.7% due to the growth in the
Company s interest earning assets and an increase in noninterest income of $244,000 or 57.4%. This increase in revenue was offset by an increase in noninterest expense of $461,000. The increase in noninterest expense was mostly comprised of
increases in compensation, occupancy, and data processing expenses due to the expanded size and footprint of the Company as a result of the Company s growth strategy.  
   Interest Income.   Interest income increased $764,000 or 18.7%, to $4.8 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 primarily as a result of a $673,000 increase in interest income on loans. The increase in interest income resulted primarily from a $58.7 million increase in the average balance of our interest-earning assets to $466.3 million and a
15 basis points increase in the average yield on our interest-earning assets to 4.16% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period.  
 Interest income on loans increased $673,000, or 17.2%, to $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the
same period in 2015. The average balance of loans increased to $382.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $314.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as the Company continued to see strong
organic loan growth following its acquisition of Community Southern Bank in June 2015. The generally low rate yield environment resulted in the Company experiencing a decrease in its average yield on loans decreasing 17 basis points to 4.80% in
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.    Interest income on investment securities increased
$81,000, or 57.5%, to $222,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, mostly as a result of a 32 basis points increase in the average yield on investment securities to 1.35% as a result of the
higher yielding securities in the portfolio compared to the same period in 2015. The average balance of investment securities increased $10.9 million to $65.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from
$54.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the average balance of investment securities was the result of purchases designed to achieve improved diversification of the portfolio s cash flow behavior
under various rate scenarios.      Interest Expense.   Interest expense increased $244,000, or 82.2%, to $541,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $297,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 as the result of the $29.9 million increase in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits and the $141,000 increase in borrowing costs
from the subordinated debt. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased by 10 basis points to 0.45% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.35% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 reflecting the
higher deposit rates on time deposits. Competitive market pricing and the expectation of a future fed funds increase have pressured rates on time deposits. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits increased by $29.9 million during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 to $310.8 million compared to the prior year period due to an increase in the average balance of core deposits. The average balance of borrowings increased $16.6 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 due to the $11.0 million in subordinated debt and increased use of short-term FHLB advances which currently serve as a lower rate means of funding than time deposits.  
   Net Interest Income   .  The effect of a higher average balance on loans and higher yielding asset mix compared to the prior
year period has increased the Company s net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Net interest income increased $520,000, or 13.7%, to $4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the prior year period as net interest-earning assets increased to $108.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $96.2 million for the prior year period. The net interest rate spread decreased to 3.55% for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.63% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin decreased to 3.69% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.72% for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.      Provision for Loan Losses.   We recorded no provision for loan losses for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 or for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company has continued to experience strong credit quality, requiring no additional provision during the quarter. Net charge-offs for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 were $49,000 compared to net recoveries of $64,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  Management considers the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 to be adequate to cover losses
inherent in the loan portfolio based on an assessment of the qualitative and quantitative factors affecting the loan portfolio. While management believes the estimates and assumptions used in its determination of the adequacy of the allowance are
reasonable, there can be no assurance that such estimates and assumptions will not be proven incorrect in the future, or that the actual amount of future losses will not exceed the amount of the established allowance for loan losses or that any
increased allowance for loan losses that may be required will not adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the determination of the amount of our allowance for loan losses is subject to review by bank
regulators, as part of the routine examination process, which may result in additions to our provision for loan losses based upon their judgment of information available to them at the time of their examination.  
   Noninterest Income   .  Noninterest income increased $244,000, or 57.4%, to $669,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $425,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Bank experienced a $62,000 increase in fees and service charges on deposit accounts as a result of its expanded products offered since its shift to a full
service commercial bank. The Bank experienced a $42,000 increase in Mortgage broker fees as no mortgage originations of loans originated for sale occurred during the same period in the prior year as the Bank retooled its compliance department to
handle new mortgage originations disclosures. The Bank also had a $77,000 increase in gains on securities sales.      Noninterest
Expenses.   Non-interest expenses increased $461,000 to $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase reflected an increase of $42,000 in salaries and employee benefits
expense, a result of the increased in FTEs from the fourth quarter 2015 branch purchase. Occupancy, data processing, and other expenses have all increased proportionally with the increased size of the Company. The Company also had an increase of
$88,000 in merger related expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period.  
   Income Tax Expense.   Income taxes were $129,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to pretax income of
$373,000 at a 34.6% effective tax rate compared to an income tax expense of $21,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to the pretax income of $70,000 at a 30.0% effective tax rate.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015
      General.   Net income available to common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $471,000
compared to a net loss available to common stockholders of $469,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income available to common stockholders was primarily due to an increase in net interest income of
$5.0 million and an increase in non-interest income of $1.3 million due to the growth in the Company s size. This increase in revenue was offset by increases in noninterest expense of $3.2 million and provision for loan losses of
$350,000. The increase in noninterest expense was mostly comprised of increases in compensation, occupancy, and data processing expenses due to the expanded size and footprint of the Company as a result of the Company s growth strategy. These
increases in expenses were offset partially by a decrease of $938,000 in Merger related expenses.      Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $6.0 million, or 78.2%, to $13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of a $5.7 million increase in interest income on loans. The
increase in interest income resulted primarily from a $166.9 million increase in the average balance of our interest-earnings assets to $449.8 million and a 43 basis points increase in the average yield on our interest-earning assets
to 4.01% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. The increase in the average yield was attributable to the mix of interest earning assets, as the higher yielding loan portfolio represented the majority of
the asset growth.    Interest income on loans increased $5.7 million, or 82.1%, to $12.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 due mainly to the increase in the average balance of loans. Average loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $167.6 million to $353.2 million from $185.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 as a result of the completion of the Community Southern merger and the branch acquisition. The average yield on loans decreased 21 basis points to 4.79% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 5.00%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the continuing low interest rate environment.    Interest income on investment
securities increased $159,000, or 30.2%, to $684,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the increase of 25 basis points in the average yield on investment securities The average yield on investment securities increased
to 1.38% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.13% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of the higher yielding securities in the portfolio compared to the same period in 2015. The average balance of
investment securities increased $4.3 million to $66.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $61.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the average balance of investment
securities was the result of purchases designed to achieve improved diversification of the portfolio s cash flow behavior under various rate scenarios.  
   Interest Expense.   Interest expense increased $899,000, or 206.7%, to $1.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $435,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase can be attributed to the increase in average deposits and the increased borrowing costs of $312,000, mostly from the $11.0 million
subordinated notes issued in March 2016 and increased usage of short-term FHLB advances. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits increased by $124.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $309.7 million,
due to mainly to the increased deposits assumed in the Community Southern merger. The average cost of deposits increased by 14 basis points to 0.41% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.27% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 due mainly to the higher rates assumed in the Community Southern merger and higher rates experienced on time deposits. The average balance of borrowings increased $20.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 a result of the $11.0 million in subordinated debt issued on March 30, 2016 and increased use of short-term FHLB advances which currently serve as a lower rate means of funding than time deposits.  
   Net Interest Income   .  The effect of higher average balances on loans and securities and an increased average yield on
securities has increased the Bank s net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Net interest income increased $5.0 million, or 70.4%, to $12.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to the increase in our net interest rate spread to 3.49% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.28% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin increased to 3.61% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.37% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

    Provision for Loan Losses.   We recorded $350,000 in provision for loan losses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to no provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The need for additional provision was necessitated by the growth in loans, which grew 28.5% on an annualized basis during 2016.
Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $15,000 compared to net recoveries of $157,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Management considers the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 to be adequate to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio
based on an assessment of the qualitative and quantitative factors affecting the loan portfolio. While management believes the estimates and assumptions used in its determination of the adequacy of the allowance are reasonable, there can be no
assurance that such estimates and assumptions will not be proven incorrect in the future, or that the actual amount of future losses will not exceed the amount of the established allowance for loan losses or that any increased allowance for loan
losses that may be required will not adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the determination of the amount of our allowance for loan losses is subject to review by bank regulators, as part of the routine
examination process, which may result in additions to our provision for loan losses based upon their judgment of information available to them at the time of their examination.  
   Noninterest Income   .  Noninterest income increased $1.3 million or 114.6%, to $2.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was attributable to a $563,000 gain on the sale and subsequent partial leaseback of the Bank s Brandon office, a $420,000 increase in
the fees and service charges related to deposits as a result of increased fee producing products and services introduced since the shift to a full service commercial bank along with the increased deposit base from the Community Southern merger. The
Bank experienced a $96,000 increase in Mortgage broker fees as originations for loans intended for sale occurred during the last two quarters in the prior year as the Bank retooled its compliance department to handle new mortgage originations
disclosures.      Noninterest Expenses  . Noninterest expense increased $3.2 million, or 31.0%, to $13.6 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase primarily reflected an increase of $1.9 million in salaries and employee benefits expense. The salaries and employee benefits expense increase period
over period was attributable to the increased number of employees resulting from the Community Southern merger and branch acquisition and increased expense from the 2015 equity plan. The other expense categories grew proportionally with the
increased size of the Company. The Company had a decrease of $938,000 in merger related expenses.      Income Tax Expense.  
Income tax expense was $214,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to pretax income of $685,000, a 31.2% effective tax rate, compared to a benefit of $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company
performed a change in accounting estimate for bank owned life insurance, which resulted in a benefit of approximately $733,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality   
   Non-Performing Assets.   We define non-performing loans as loans that are either non-accruing or accruing whose payments are 90
days or more past due. Non-performing assets, including non-performing loans and other real estate owned, totaled $988,000, or 0.18% of total assets, at September 30, 2016 and $783,000, or 0.15% of total assets,
at December 31, 2015. The following table sets forth the amounts and categories of our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. We had no accruing loans past due 90 days or more at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.

34  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated.  
   
    Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the
borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from maturities and calls
of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. At September 30, 2016, we had the capacity to borrow approximately $128.5 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. At
September 30, 2016, we had outstanding advances of approximately $35.0 million and at December 31, 2015 we had $27.5 million in outstanding advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. We also have lines of credit at
three financial institutions that would allow us to borrow up to $25.5 million at September 30, 2016. No credit lines were drawn upon at September 30, 2016.  
 While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly
influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments including interest-earning demand deposits. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing,
lending and investing activities during any given period.    The principal sources of the Holding Company s liquidity are its existing cash resources.
The Holding Company serves as a source of capital strength for the Bank. The Holding company has contributed $19 million in additional capital to the Bank year to date . The Holding Company has undertaken recent actions that demonstrate its
ability to access capital and provide for the funding needs of the Bank. Cash on hand at the Holding Company represent mainly the proceeds of our December 2015 private placement of common stock, which raised net proceeds of approximately
$11.4 million. On March 30, 2016, the Holding Company also issued $11.0 million in subordinated notes, the proceeds of which were contributed to the Bank to support the growing loan demand.  
 The Company has established an Asset/Liability Management (ALCO) policy and committee in order to maximize earnings performance while maintaining acceptable
levels of risks, adequate liquidity, and a  well capitalized   
      35  

Table of Contents  

balance sheet. ALCO reviews and approves products, pricing, and strategies that affect balance sheet, cash flows, and liquidity positions. ALCO has also established a contingency funding plan to
address risks associated with periods of liquidity stress. The Company is committed to maintaining a strong liquidity position. The Company monitors its liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet
our current funding commitments.    At September 30, 2016, Sunshine Bank exceeded all of our regulatory capital requirements with a Tier 1
leverage capital level of 12.6% of adjusted total assets, which is above the required level of 5.00% to be considered  well capitalized , common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 15.2%, which is above the required level
of 6.50% to be considered  well capitalized , tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 15.2%, which is above the required level of 8.00% to be considered  well capitalized , and total risk-based capital of 15.4% of
risk-weighted assets, which is above the required level of 10.00% to be considered  well capitalized . The capital conservation buffer was 7.84% exceeding the minimum of 0.625% for 2016. Management is not aware of any conditions or events
since the most recent notification that would change our category.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations   
   Commitments.   As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such as
commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are
subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans we make. At September 30, 2016, we had unfunded loan commitments of $69.6 million. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds available to meet our current
lending commitments. Time deposits that are scheduled to mature in less than one year from September 30, 2016 totaled $103.2 million. Management expects that a substantial portion of the maturing time deposits will be renewed. However, if
a substantial portion of these deposits are not retained, we may utilize Federal Home Loan Bank advances or raise interest rates on deposits to attract new accounts, which may result in higher levels of interest expense.  
     Contractual Obligations    . In the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations
include data processing services, operating leases for equipment, agreements with respect to borrowed funds and deposit liabilities    .       
      36  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   
 Not required for smaller reporting companies      
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures     An evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(e)  and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Act )) as of September 30, 2016, was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and several other members of the Company s senior management. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures in effect as of September 30, 2016, were effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Act is: (i) accumulated and communicated to
the Company s management (including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.  
 In addition, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(f)  of the Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 In the normal course of business, the Company occasionally becomes involved in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability from such
proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company as of September 
30, 2016.       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 Not required for smaller reporting company.      
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     Nothing to report.  
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 Nothing to report.       Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures     Not applicable.      
 Item 5. Other Information     Nothing to report.  
    Item 6. Exhibits       
 
      38  

Table of Contents  

   SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

SUNSHINE BANCORP, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Andrew S. Samuel  

Andrew S. Samuel  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ John Finley  

John Finley  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      39  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d436866dex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Andrew S. Samuel,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Andrew S. Samuel  

Andrew S. Samuel  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d436866dex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, John D. Finley, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ John D. Finley  

John D. Finley  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d436866dex32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Section 1350 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his/her capacity as an officer of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) that the Quarterly Report of
the Company on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that
the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and periods presented in the financial statements included in such report.  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Andrew S. Samuel  

Andrew S. Samuel  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ John Finley  

John Finley  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 sbcp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sbcp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sbcp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sbcp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sbcp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sbcp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

