<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-K_edgar_data_1357971_0001571049-16-020673_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6286699</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183925</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>375398</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1471806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2566450</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1537715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>116</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-020673.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215130528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-020673
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energy Services of America CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER, SEWER, PIPELINE, COMM AND POWER LINE CONSTRUCTION [1623]
		IRS NUMBER:				204606266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32998
		FILM NUMBER:		162053156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST 3RD AVE.
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(304) 522-3868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST 3RD AVE.
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Energy Services Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060330

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-020673.txt : 20161215

10-K
 1
 t1600793_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 10-K  

x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For the Fiscal Year
ended September 30, 2016  

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the transition period
from ____________________ to ____________________ 

Commission File Number:
001-32998 

Energy
Services of America Corporation   

 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware   

20-4606266   

(State or Other Jurisdiction of
    Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification
    Number)   

Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
    of Class   

Name
    of Each Exchange   

   On
Which Registered   

None  

None  

Securities Registered
Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES     
 NO   x  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES     
 NO   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
A  ct of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES   x
  NO      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES   x 
 NO      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer      
      Non-Accelerated Filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company   x   

(Do not check if a Smaller reporting Company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES     
 NO   x  

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the closing
price on March 31, 2016 was $ 14,171,901. 

As of December 15,
2016, there were issued and outstanding 14,839,836 and 14,239,836, respectively, shares of the Registrant s Common Stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

Energy Services of
America Corporation  

 Annual Report On Form 10-K 

 For The Fiscal Year Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1.  
      Business  
      3   

ITEM 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      8   

ITEM 1B.  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
      12   

ITEM 2.  
      Properties  
      12   

ITEM 3.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      12   

ITEM 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      12   

ITEM 5.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
      12   

ITEM 6.  
      Selected Financial Data  
      13   

ITEM 7.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      13   

ITEM 7A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      21   

ITEM 8.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
      21   

ITEM 9.  
      Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
      21   

ITEM 9A.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      21   

ITEM 9B.  
      Other Information  
      22   

ITEM 10.  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
      23   

ITEM 11.  
      Executive Compensation  
      28   

ITEM 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      34   

ITEM 13.  
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
      35   

ITEM 14.  
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
      36   

ITEM 15.  
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
      37   

Signatures  
       
      39   

Forward Looking Statements  

Within
Energy Services  consolidated financial statements and this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are included statements reflecting
assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as  forward-looking statements 
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as  anticipate,   estimate,   project, 
 forecast,   may,   will,   should,   could,   expect, 
 believe,   intend  and other words of similar meaning.  

These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve or rely on a number of risks, uncertainties, and
assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Energy Services  control. Energy Services has based its forward-looking
statements on management s beliefs and assumptions based on information available to management at the time the statements
are made. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied and forecasted by forward-looking statements
and any or all of Energy Services  forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. The accuracy of such statements can
be affected by inaccurate assumptions and by known or unknown risks and uncertainties.  

All
of the forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other
cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements or that are otherwise included in this report. In addition,
Energy Services does not undertake and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or otherwise.  

PART I  

ITEM
1.              Business  

Overview  

Energy Services of
America Corporation ( Energy Services  or the  Company ) was formed in 2006 as a special purpose acquisition
corporation, or blank check company. On August 15, 2008, Energy Services completed the acquisitions of S.T. Pipeline, Inc. ( S.T.
Pipeline ) and C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. ( C.J. Hughes ). 

Wholly owned subsidiary C.J. Hughes is a
general contractor primarily engaged in pipeline construction for utility companies. C.J. Hughes operates primarily in the mid-Atlantic
region of the United States. Nitro Electric, Inc. ( Nitro Electric ), a wholly owned subsidiary of C. J. Hughes, is
an electrical and mechanical contractor that provides its services to the power, chemical and automotive industries. Nitro Electric
operates primarily in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States. Contractors Rental Corporation ( Contractors Rental ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of C.J. Hughes provides union building trade employees for projects managed by C.J. Hughes. All of the
C.J. Hughes, Nitro Electric, and Contractors Rental production personnel are union members of various related construction trade
unions and are subject to collective bargaining agreements that expire at varying time intervals. S.T. Pipeline engaged in the
construction of natural gas pipelines for utility companies in various states, mostly in the mid-Atlantic area of the country.
On May 14, 2013, the Company liquidated the operation of S.T. Pipeline and realized $1.9 million from the sale of assets. The financial
position and results of operations of S.T. Pipeline have been presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial
statements for all presented periods. 

Energy
Services is engaged in providing contracting services for energy related companies. Currently Energy Services primarily services
the gas, petroleum, power, chemical and automotive industries, though it does some other incidental work such as water and sewer
projects. For the gas industry, the Company is primarily engaged in the construction, replacement and repair of natural gas pipelines
and storage facilities for utility companies and private natural gas companies. Energy Services is involved in the construction
of both interstate and intrastate pipelines, with an emphasis on the latter. For the oil industry, the Company provides a variety
of services relating to pipeline, storage facilities and plant work. For the power, chemical, and automotive industries, the Company
provides a full range of electrical and mechanical installations and repairs including substation and switchyard services, site
preparation, equipment setting, pipe fabrication and installation, packaged buildings, transformers and other ancillary work with
regards thereto. Energy Services  other services include liquid pipeline construction, pump station construction, production
facility construction, water and sewer pipeline installations, various maintenance and repair services and other services related
to pipeline construction. The majority of the Company s customers are located in West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
and Kentucky. The Company builds, but does not own, natural gas pipelines for its customers that are part of both interstate and
intrastate pipeline systems that move natural gas from producing regions to consumption regions as well as build and replace gas
line services to individual customers of the various utility companies.   

Our
consolidated operating revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 were $155.5 million of which 53.2% was attributable to gas
  petroleum contract work, 37.8% to electrical and mechanical contract services and 9.0% to water and sewer contract installations
and other ancillary services. The Company had consolidated operating revenues of $116.8 million for the year ended September 30,
2015, of which 54.3% was attributable to gas   petroleum contract work, 37.6% to electrical and mechanical contract services, and
8.1% to water and sewer contract installations and other ancillary services.   

Energy Services 
customers include many of the leading companies in the industries it serves, including: 

EQT Corporation 

 Columbia Gas
Distribution 

 Marathon Petroleum 

 American Electric
Power 

 Toyota Motor
Manufacturing 

 Bayer Chemical 

 Dow Chemical 

 Kentucky American
Water 

 Various state,
county and municipal public service districts. 

The
Company enters into various types of contracts, including competitive unit price, cost-plus (or time and materials basis) and fixed
price (lump sum) contracts. The terms of the contracts will vary from job to job and customer to customer though most contracts
are on the basis of either unit pricing, in which the Company agrees to do the work for a price per unit of work performed or for
a fixed amount for the entire project. Most of the Company s projects are completed within one year of the start of the work.
On occasion, the Company s customers will require the posting of performance and/or payment bonds upon execution of the contract,
depending upon the nature of the work performed. The Company generally recognizes revenue on unit price and cost-plus contracts
when units are completed or services are performed. Fixed price contracts usually result in recording revenues as work on the contract
progresses on a percentage of completion basis. Under this accounting method, revenue is recognized based on the percentage of
total costs incurred to date in proportion to total estimated costs at completion. Many contracts also include retention provisions
under which a percentage of the contract price is withheld until the project is complete and has been accepted by the customer.  

Energy Services  sales force consists
of industry professionals with significant relevant sales experience, who utilize industry contacts and available public data to
determine how to most appropriately market the Company s line of products. The Company relies on direct contact between its
sales force and customers  engineering and contracting departments in order to obtain new business. 

Seasonality:
Fluctuation of Results   

Our
revenues and results of operations can and usually are subject to seasonal variations. These variations are the result of weather,
customer spending patterns, bidding seasons and holidays. The first quarter of the calendar year is typically the slowest in terms
of revenues because inclement weather conditions causes delays in production and customers usually do not plan large projects during
that time. While usually better than the first quarter, the second calendar year quarter often has some inclement weather which
can cause delays in production, reducing the revenues the Company receives and/or increasing the production costs. The third and
fourth calendar year quarters usually are less impacted by weather and usually have the largest number of projects underway. Many
projects are completed in the fourth calendar year quarter and revenues are often impacted by customers seeking to either spend
their capital budget for the year or scale back projects due to capital budget overruns.  

In
addition to the fluctuations discussed above, the pipeline industry can be highly cyclical, reflecting variances in capital expenditures
in proportion to energy price fluctuations. As a result, our volume of business may be adversely affected by where our customers
are in the cycle and thereby their financial condition as to their capital needs and access to capital to finance those needs.  

Accordingly,
our operating results in any particular quarter or year may not be indicative of the results that can be expected for any other
quarter or any other year. You should read   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations-Understanding Gross Margins   below for discussions of trends and challenges that may affect our financial
condition and results of operations.  

Forbearance Agreement
and Financing Arrangements  

On November 28, 2012,
the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with United Bank, Inc.(West Virginia), Summit Community Bank (West Virginia),
and First Guaranty Bank (Louisiana) related to our revolving line of credit and term debt as reported in the Company s November
29, 2012 Form 8-K filing. The Forbearance Agreement, among other things, required the Company to close S.T. Pipeline and dispose
of its assets. The Company was also required to prepare recommendations relating to the on-going operations of Nitro Electric,
C.J. Hughes, and Contractors Rental, including refinancing, sale or liquidation of the companies by May 31, 2013. 

On January 31, 2014,
the Company entered into a financing arrangement ( Term Note ) with United Bank, Inc. and Summit Community Bank. The
financing arrangement is a five year term loan in the amount of $8.8 million. In addition, the Company entered into a separate
five year term loan agreement with First Guaranty Bank for $1.6 million. Taken together, the $10.4 million in new financings supersede
the prior financing arrangements the Company had with United Bank, Inc. and other lenders. As a result of entering into the new
financings, United Bank, Inc. and the other lenders of the Company agreed to terminate their Forbearance Agreement with the Company.
This was reported in the Company s February 4, 2014 Form 8-K filing. 

On
September 16, 2015, the Company entered into a $2.5 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank, Inc. This six year agreement
gave the Company access to a $2.5 million line of credit ( Equipment Line of Credit ), specifically for the purchase
of equipment, for the period of one year with an interest rate of 5.0%. After the first year, all borrowings against the Equipment
Line of Credit will be converted to a five year term note agreement with  an interest rate of 5.0%.  At
September 30, 2016, the Company had borrowed $2.46 million against this line of credit.  

On March
30, 2016, the Company entered into a financing agreement ( Operating Line of Credit (2016) ) with United Bank,
Inc. to provide the Company with a $15.0 million revolving line of credit. The interest rate on the line of credit is the
 Wall Street Journal  Prime Rate (the index) with a floor of 6.0%. The effective date of this agreement was February
27, 2016 and it replaced the $10.0 million revolving line of credit ( Operating Line of Credit (2015) ) entered
into with United Bank, Inc. on February 27, 2015. The Company paid off all borrowings from the Operating Line of Credit
(2015) prior to the expiration date, February 27, 2016, and had borrowed $6.0 million against the Operating Line of Credit
(2016) as of September 30, 2016. 

Going Concern  

Due to the improved
financial position at September 30, 2014, the Company successfully resolved the factors that gave rise to Arnett Carbis Toothman s
decision to render its  Going Concern  opinion for the years ended September 30, 2013 and 2012. Key factors included:
refinancing the bank debt and termination of the Forbearance Agreement, securing the Line of Credit, re-establishing an adequate
bonding capacity, reduction of corporate overhead, and increased project profitability. 

Backlog/New Business  

The Company s
backlog represents contracts for services that have been entered into but which have not yet been completed. At September 30, 2016,
Energy Services had a backlog of $78.5 million of work to be completed on existing contracts. At September 30, 2015, the Company
had a backlog of $71.3 million. Due to the timing of Energy Services  construction contracts and the long-term nature of
some of our projects, portions of our backlog work may not be completed in the current fiscal year. Most of the Company s
projects can be completed in a short period of time, typically two to five months. Larger projects usually take seven to eighteen
months to be completed. As a general rule, work starts shortly after the signing of the contract. 

Types of Contracts  

Energy Services 
contracts are usually awarded on a competitive and negotiated basis. While some contracts may be lump sum or time and material
projects, most of the work is bid based upon unit prices for various portions of the work with a total agreed-upon price based
on estimated units. The actual revenues produced from the project will be dependent upon how accurate the customer estimates are
as to the units of the various items. 

Raw Materials and Suppliers  

The principal raw materials
that the Company and its subsidiaries use are metal plate, structural steel, pipe, wire, fittings and selected engineering equipment
such as pumps, valves and compressors. For the most part, the largest portion of these materials are supplied by the customer.
The materials that the Company purchases are predominately those of a consumable nature on the job, such as small tools and environmental
supplies .  We anticipate being able to obtain these materials, as well as any raw materials not supplied by our customers,
for the foreseeable future. 

Industry Factors  

Energy Services 
revenues, cash flows and earnings are substantially dependent upon, and affected by, the level of natural gas exploration development
activity and the levels of work on existing pipelines as well as the level of demand for our electrical and mechanical services.
Such activity and the resulting level of demand for pipeline construction and related services and electrical and mechanical services
are directly influenced by many factors over which the Company has no control. Such factors include the market prices of natural
gas and electricity, market expectations about future prices, the volatility of such prices, the cost of producing and delivering
natural gas and electricity, government regulations and trade restrictions, local and international political and economic conditions,
the development of alternate energy sources, changes in the tax code that affect the energy industry, and the long-term effects
of worldwide energy conservation measures. Energy Services cannot predict the future level of demand for its construction services,
future conditions in the pipeline or electrical construction industry or future pipeline and electrical construction rates. 

Competition  

The pipeline construction
industry is a highly competitive business characterized by high capital and maintenance costs. Pipeline contracts are usually awarded
through a competitive bid process. The Company believes that operators consider factors such as quality of service, type and location
of equipment, or the ability to provide ancillary services. However, price and the ability to complete the project in a timely
manner are the primary factors in determining which contractor is awarded a job. There are a number of regional and national competitors
that offer services similar to Energy Services. Certain of the Company s competitors have greater financial and human resources
than Energy Services, which may enable them to compete more efficiently on the basis of price and technology. The Company s
largest competitors are Otis Eastern, Miller Pipeline, Brown Electric, Summit Electric and Apex Pipeline. 

Operating Hazards
and Insurance  

Energy Services 
operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the pipeline construction business, including, for example, operating equipment
in mountainous terrain, people working in deep trenches and people working in close proximity to large equipment. These hazards
could cause personal injury or death, serious damage to or destruction of property and equipment, suspension of drilling operations,
or substantial damage to the environment, including damage to producing formations and surrounding areas. Energy Services seeks
protection against certain of these risks through insurance, including property casualty insurance on its equipment, commercial
general liability and commercial contract indemnity, commercial umbrella and workers  compensation insurance. 

The Company s
insurance coverage for property damage to its equipment is based on estimates of the cost of comparable used equipment to replace
the insured property. There is a deductible per occurrence on equipment of $10,000 and $500 for damage to miscellaneous tools.
The Company also maintains third party liability insurance, pollution and professional liability insurance, and a commercial umbrella
policy. Energy Services believes that it is adequately insured for public liability and property damage to others with respect
to its operations. However, such insurance may not be sufficient to protect Energy Services against liability for all consequences
related to its operations. 

Government Regulation
and Environmental Matters  

General.  
Energy Services  operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by political developments and federal, state
and local laws and regulations. In particular, natural gas production, operations and the profitability of the gas industry are
or have been affected by price controls, taxes and other laws relating to the natural gas industry, by changes in such laws and
by changes in administrative regulations. Although significant capital expenditures may be required to comply with such laws and
regulations, to date, such compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on the earnings or competitive position of Energy
Services. In addition, Energy Services  operations are vulnerable to risks arising from the numerous laws and regulations
governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Energy Services may
also be affected by regulations designed to provide benefits to companies engaged in the production of alternative sources of energy,
such as solar, wind, and related industries. 

Environmental
Regulation.   Energy Services  activities are subject to existing federal, state and local laws and regulations governing
environmental quality, pollution control and the preservation of natural resources. Such laws and regulations concern, among other
things, the containment, disposal and recycling of waste materials, and reporting of the storage, use or release of certain chemicals
or hazardous substances. Numerous federal and state environmental laws regulate drilling activities and impose liability for discharges
of waste or spills, including those in coastal areas. The Company has conducted pipeline construction in or near ecologically sensitive
areas, such as wetlands and coastal environments, which are subject to additional regulatory requirements. State and federal legislation
also provide special protections to animal and marine life that could be affected by the Company s activities. In general,
under various applicable environmental programs, the Company may potentially be subject to regulatory enforcement action in the
form of injunctions, cease and desist orders and administrative, civil and criminal penalties for violations of environmental laws.
Energy Services may also be subject to liability for natural resource damages and other civil claims arising out of a pollution
event. The Company would be responsible for any pollution event that was determined to be caused by its actions. It has insurance
that it believes is adequate to cover any such occurrences. 

Environmental regulations
that affect Energy Services  customers also have an indirect impact on Energy Services. Increasingly stringent environmental
regulation of the natural gas industry has led to higher drilling costs and a more difficult and lengthy well permitting process. 

The primary environmental
statutory and regulatory programs that affect Energy Services  operations include the following: Department of Transportation
regulations, regulations set forth by agencies such as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and various environmental agencies
including the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local government agencies. 

Health and Safety
Matters.   Energy Services  facilities and operations are also governed by various other laws and regulations, including
the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, relating to worker health and workplace safety. The Occupational Safety and Health
Administration has issued the Hazard Communication Standard. This standard applies to all private-sector employers, including the
natural gas exploration and producing industry. The Hazard Communication Standard requires that employers assess their chemical
hazards, obtain and maintain certain written descriptions of these hazards, develop a hazard communication program and train employees
to work safely with the chemicals on site. Failure to comply with the requirements of the standard may result in administrative,
civil and criminal penalties. Energy Services believes that appropriate precautions are taken to protect employees and others from
harmful exposure to materials handled and managed at its facilities and that it operates in substantial compliance with all Occupational
Safety and Health Act regulations. It is not anticipated that Energy Services will be required to make material expenditures by
reason of such health and safety laws and regulations. 

Research and Development/Intellectual
Property  

Energy Services has
not made any material expenditure for research and development. Energy Services does not own any patents, trademarks or licenses. 

Employees  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had approximately 920 employees including management. A number of the Company s employees are represented
by trade unions represented by various collective bargaining units. 

ITEM
1A.           Risk Factors  

Our business is subject
to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risk and uncertainties described below. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described
below also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business financial condition and
results of operations could be harmed and we may not be able to achieve our expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about
future events that are intended as  forward-looking statements  under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled  Forward looking statements . 

Our operating results
may vary significantly from quarter to quarter.   

We typically experience
lower volumes and lower margins during the winter months due to lower demand for our pipeline services and more difficult operating
conditions. Also, other items that can materially affect our quarterly results include: 

Adverse weather;   

Variations in the mix of our work in any particular quarter;   

Unfavorable regional, national or global economic and market conditions;   

A reduction in the demand for our services;   

Changes in customer spending patterns and need for the services we provide;   

Unanticipated increases in construction and design costs;   

Timing and volume of work we perform;   

Termination of existing agreements;   

Losses experienced not covered by insurance;   

Payment risks associated with customer financial condition;   

Changes in bonding requirements of agreements;   

Interest rate variations; and   

Changes in accounting pronouncements.   

Credit facilities
to fund our operations and growth might not be available.   

Our business relies
heavily on having lines of credit in place to fund the various projects we are working on. Should funding not be available, or
on favorable terms, it could severely curtail our operations and the ability to generate profits. Energy Services maintains a banking
relationship with two regional banks and has lines of credit and borrowing facilities with these institutions. The Company currently
has a $15.0 million line of credit, of which $6.0 million was outstanding at September 30, 2016. The Company believes this line
of credit will provide sufficient operating capital for future projects, but the Company cannot guarantee it will always have access
to this line of credit in the future depending on the Company s financial performance. 

We have sold Units,
each consisting of one share of 6.0% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A and 2,500 shares of Common Stock. If the Preferred
Stock is converted to Common Stock, shareholders may experience dilution of their ownership interest.   

As of September 30,
2013 the Company sold 140 units in a private placement to accredited investors, with an additional 10 units sold during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2014 for a total of 150 units. As a result of the private placement, an additional 375,000 shares of common
stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The Company also issued 56 shares of Preferred Stock to Marshall Reynolds, Chairman
of the Board of Directors, in exchange for a debt forgiveness of $1.4 million. Mr. Reynolds did not receive any shares of Common
Stock in this transaction. In addition, if the Company elects to allow the holders of the Preferred Stock to choose to convert
their Preferred Stock into shares of common stock we would issue an additional 3,433,333 shares of Common Stock, which will result
in shareholders experiencing a dilution in their ownership interest. 

An economic downturn
in the industries we serve could lead to less demand for our services.   

In addition to the
effects of an economic recession, there could be reductions in the particular industries that the Company serves. If the demand
for natural gas should drop dramatically, or the demand for electrical services drops dramatically, these would in turn result
in less demand for the Company s services. 

Project delays
or cancellations may result in additional costs to us, reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages.   

In certain circumstances,
we guarantee project completion by a scheduled acceptance date or are paid only upon achievement of certain acceptance and performance
testing levels. Failure to meet any of these requirements could result in additional costs or penalties which could exceed the
expected project profits. 

We may be unsuccessful
at generating internal growth.   

Our ability to
generate internal growth will be affected by our ability to: 

Attract new customers;   

Expand our relationships with existing customers;   

Hire and maintain qualified employees;   

Expand geographically; and   

Adjust quickly to changes in our industry.   

Our industry is
highly competitive.   

Our industry has been
and remains competitive with competitors ranging from small owner operated companies to large public companies. Within that group
there may be companies with lower overhead costs that may be able to price their services at lower levels than we can. Accordingly,
if that occurs, our business opportunities could be severely limited. In addition, our industry competes for energy demand with
suppliers of alternative energy sources such as solar and wind. 

The type of contracts
we obtain could adversely affect our profitability.   

We enter into various
types of contracts, including fixed price and variable pricing contracts. On fixed price contracts our profits could be curtailed
or eliminated by unanticipated pricing increases associated with the contract. 

Changes by the
government in laws regulating the industries we serve could reduce our sales volumes   .  

If the government enacts
legislation that has a serious impact on the industries we serve, it could lead to the curtailment of capital projects in those
industries and therefore lead to lower sales volumes for our Company. 

Many of our contracts
can be cancelled or delayed or may not be renewed upon completion.   

If our customers should
cancel or delay many projects, our revenues could be reduced if we are unable to replace these contracts with others. Also, we
have contracts that expire and are rebid periodically. If we are unsuccessful in rebidding those contracts, that could reduce our
revenue as well. 

Our business requires
a skilled labor force and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to maintain our productivity
could be impaired.   

Our productivity depends
upon our ability to employ and maintain skilled personnel to meet our requirements. Should some of our key managers leave the Company,
it could limit our productivity. Also, many of our labor personnel are trade union members. Should we encounter labor problems
associated with our union employees or if we are unable to employ sufficient available operators, welders, or other skilled labor,
our production could be significantly curtailed. 

Our backlog may
not be realized.   

Our backlog could be
reduced due to cancellation of projects by customers and/or reductions in scope of the projects. Should this occur, our anticipated
revenues would be reduced unless we are able to replace those contracts. 

We extend credit
to customers for purchases of our services and therefore have risk that they may not be able to repay us.   

While we have not had
any significant problems with collections of accounts receivables historically, should there be an economic downturn our customers 
inability to repay us would be compromised, and this may curtail our operations and ability to operate profitably. 

We may incur liabilities
or suffer negative financial or reputational harm relating to occupational health and safety matters.   

Our operations are
subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. While we are constantly
monitoring our health and safety programs, our industry involves a high degree of operating risk and there can be no assurance
given that we will avoid significant liability exposure and/or be precluded from working for various customers due to high incident
rates. 

Our dependence
on suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers could expose us to risk of loss in our operations.   

On certain projects,
we rely on suppliers to obtain the necessary materials and subcontractors to perform portions of our services. We also rely on
equipment manufacturers to provide us with the equipment needed to conduct our operations. Any limitation on the availability of
materials or equipment or failure to complete work on a timely basis by subcontractors in a quality fashion could lead to added
costs and therefore lower profitability for the Company. 

During the ordinary
course of business, we may become subject to lawsuits or indemnity claims, which could materially and adversely affect our business
and results of operations.   

From time to time,
we may in the ordinary course of business be named as a defendant in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings. These actions
may seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, worker s compensation, employment discrimination,
breach of contract, property damages, civil penalties and other losses of injunctive or declaratory relief. Also, we often indemnify
our customers for claims related to the services we provide and actions we take under our contracts with them. Because our services
in certain instances may be integral to the operation and performance of our customers  infrastructure, we may become subject
to lawsuits or claims for any failure of the systems we work on. While we carry insurance to protect the Company against such claims,
the outcomes of any of the lawsuits, claims or legal proceedings could result in significant costs and diversion of management s
attention from the business. Payments of significant amounts, even if reserved, could adversely affect our reputation, liquidity
and results of operations. 

A portion of our
business depends on our ability to provide surety bonds. We may be unable to compete on certain projects if we are not able to
obtain the necessary surety bonds.   

Current or future market
conditions, including losses in the construction industry or as a result of large corporate bankruptcies, as well as changes in
our surety providers  assessment of our operating and financial risk, could cause our surety providers to decline to issue
or renew, or substantially reduce the amount of bonds for our work or could increase our bonding costs. These actions could be
taken on short notice. Since a growing number of our customers require such bonding, should our surety providers limit or eliminate
our access to bonding, our performance could be negatively impacted if we are unable to replace the bonded business with work that
does not require bonding or if we are unable to provide other means of securing the jobs performance such as with letters of credit
or cash. 

Our failure to
comply with environmental laws could result in significant liabilities.   

Our operations are
subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those dealing with the handling and disposal of waste products,
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and other hazardous materials, as well as fuel storage. We also work around and under bodies of
water. We invest significantly in compliance with the appropriate laws and regulations. However, if we should inadvertently cause
contamination of waters or soils, liabilities for our Company relating to cleanup and remediation could be substantial and could
exceed any insurance coverage we might have and result in a negative impact to the Company s ability to operate. 

ITEM
1B.           Unresolved Staff Comments  

None. 

ITEM
2.              Properties  

The Company and its
subsidiaries own the property where its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes and Nitro Electric, and the Company s headquarters are
located. We maintain our executive offices at 75 West 3 rd  Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701, which is also the office
of C.J. Hughes. Nitro Electric s office is located at 4300 1 st  Ave., Nitro, WV 25143. The Company s management
believes that its properties are adequate for the business it conducts. 

ITEM
3.              Legal Proceedings  

At September 30, 2016,
the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings other than in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of any proceedings
would not be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4.              Mine Safety Disclosures  

None.  

PART II 

ITEM
5.             Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

The Company s stock is quoted under
the symbol  ESOA  and transactions in the stock are reported on the OTC QB marketplace. 

The following table
sets forth the range of high and low sales prices for common stock during each of the last two fiscal years and is based on information
by OTC QB. The high and low  bid price , as required to be disclosed by Regulation S-K, was not available for certain
periods because either these were not two-sided quotes by market makers or there was only one market maker with a two-sided quote.
Over the counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

Common Stock  

As of September 30,
2016, there were 19 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of the Company s common stock are held in  nominee 
or  street  name and accordingly the number of beneficial owners of common stock is not included in the number of record
holders. 

There was a $0.05 special
dividend paid on 13,907,340 common shares during fiscal year 2016 for a total of $695,367. The dividend payment did not include
332,496 common shares that are part of preferred units. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our
revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. While the Company does anticipate declaring
dividends annually, the payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors. 

The Company did not
repurchase any shares of its common stock during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. 

ITEM
6.              Selected Financial Data  

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM
7.              Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

You
should read the following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Energy Services in conjunction with
the historical financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere herein. Among other things, those historical consolidated
financial statements include more detailed information regarding the basis of presentation for the following information.   

Understanding
Gross Margins   

Our
gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenues. Cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, wages and
some benefits to employees, depreciation, fuel and other equipment costs, equipment rentals, subcontracted services, portions of
insurance, facilities expense, materials and parts and supplies. Factors affecting gross margin include:   

Seasonal   .
 As discussed above, seasonal patterns can have a significant impact on gross margins. Usually, business is slower in the winter
months versus the warmer months.  

Weather   .
 Adverse or favorable weather conditions can impact gross margin in a given period. Periods of wet weather, snow or rainfall,
as well as severe temperature extremes can severely impact production and therefore negatively impact revenues and margins. Conversely,
periods of dry weather with moderate temperatures can positively impact revenues and margins due to the opportunity for increased
production and efficiencies.  

Revenue
Mix   .  The mix of revenues between customer types and types of work for various customers will impact gross margins.
Some projects will have greater margins while others that are extremely competitive in bidding may have narrower margins.  

Service
and Maintenance versus Installation   .  In general, installation work has a higher gross margin than maintenance work.
This is due to the fact that installation work usually is of a fixed price nature and therefore has higher risks involved. Accordingly,
a higher portion of the revenue mix from installation work typically will result in higher margins.  

Subcontract
Work  . Work that is subcontracted to other service providers generally has lower gross margins. Increases in subcontract
work as a percentage of total revenues in a given period may contribute to a decrease in gross margin.  

Materials
versus Labor  . Typically materials supplied on projects have lower margins than labor. Accordingly, projects with a higher
material cost in relation to the entire job will have a lower overall margin.  

Depreciation   .
 Depreciation is included in our cost of revenue. This is a common practice in our industry, but can make comparability to other
companies difficult.  

Margin
Risk  . Failure to properly execute a job including failure to properly manage and supervise a job could decrease the profit
margin.  

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related benefits to management, administrative salaries
and benefits, marketing, communications, office and utility costs, professional fees, bad debt expense, letter of credit fees,
general liability insurance and miscellaneous other expenses.  

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues  .
Revenues on continuing operations increased by $38.7 million or 33.1% to $155.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from
$116.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.  The increase was primarily attributable to a $19.3 million revenue
increase in petroleum and gas work, a $14.9 million revenue increase in electrical and mechanical services, and a $4.5 million
revenue increase in water and sewer projects and other ancillary services.  There were no
revenues from discontinued operations for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.   

Cost
of Revenues  . Cost of revenues on continuing operations increased by $35.4 million or 33.4% to $141.3 million for the year
ended September 30, 2016 from $105.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.  The increase was primarily attributable
to a $18.3 million cost increase in petroleum and gas work, a $13.9 million cost increase in electrical and mechanical services,
a $2.9 million cost increase in water and sewer projects and other ancillary services, and a $285,000 cost increase in equipment
and tool shop operations not allocated to projects.  There was no cost of revenues from discontinued
operations for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.   

Gross
Profit  . Gross profits on continuing operations increased by $3.3 million or 30.7% to $14.2 million for the year ended September
30, 2016 from $10.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.  The increase was primarily attributable to a $1.0 million
gross profit increase in petroleum and gas work, a $1.0 million gross profit increase in electrical and mechanical services, and
a $1.6 million gross profit increase in water and sewer projects and other ancillary services, partially offset by a $285,000 cost
increase in equipment and tool shop operations not allocated to projects.  The gross profit
percentage was 9.1% for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 9.3% for the year ended September 30, 2015. There was no gross profit
on discontinued operations for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses  . Selling, general and administrative expenses on continuing operations increased by
$709,000 or 10.8% to $7.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $6.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.
The increase was primarily due to additional salary and burden expense needed to bid and manage projects. There was no selling,
general and administrative expense on discontinued operations for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  

Income
from operations  . Income from operations increased by $2.6 million or 61.3% to $6.9 million for the year ended September
30, 2016 from $4.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to the items mentioned above. There was
no income from discontinued operations for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  

Interest
Expense  . Interest expense increased by $114,000 or 15.0% to $875,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $761,000
for the year ended September 30, 2015.  This increase was due to increased operating line of credit borrowings during fiscal
year 2016 as compared to borrowings during fiscal year 2015 and interest on purchases made against the Equipment Line of Credit
discussed below. 

Income Tax Expense  .
Income from continuing operations before income tax expense was $6.1 million for fiscal year 2016, compared to $3.7 million for
fiscal year 2015. Income tax expense for fiscal year 2016 was $2.9 million compared to income tax expense of $1.6 million for fiscal
year 2015. 

The effective tax rate
for fiscal year 2016 was 47.2% as compared to 43.0% for fiscal year 2015. The increase in the effect tax rate was due to an estimated
$342,000 reduction in the net operating loss carry forward when comparing the September 30, 2015 federal return, filed in June
2016, to the fiscal year 2015 estimated tax entry. The net operating loss carry forward after the federal income tax return was
$844,000 as compared to $1.2 million in the fiscal year 2015 income tax estimate. The variance was created by bonus depreciation
on building and property purchases that was used to incorrectly calculate the fiscal year 2015 estimated tax entry. This did not
result in any additional income tax owed for fiscal year 2015. 

There was no income from
discontinued operations for fiscal year 2016 as compared to net income from discontinued operations of $26,000 for fiscal year
2015, which was the result of estimated tax benefits. 

Net
Income Available to Common Shareholders  . The net income available to common shareholders after $309,000 in dividends on
preferred shares was $2.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.8 million for the year ended September 30,
2015. The increase was due to the items mentioned above.  

Comparison
of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 Compared to September 30, 2015.   

The
Company had total assets of $56.4 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $9.6 million from the prior fiscal year end balance
of $46.8 million. Some primary components of the balance sheet were accounts receivable which totaled $24.1 million at September
30, 2016, an increase of $2.8 million from the prior year end balance of $21.3 million, and retainages receivable of $5.8 million
at September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.5 million from $3.3 million at September 30, 2015. These increases were primarily due
to several major projects in progress at September 30, 2016 that resulted in increased billings to customers. Estimated earnings
in excess of billings was $6.0 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $700,000 from the prior year end balance of $6.7 million.
This decrease was due to improved billings on projects. Other major categories of assets at September 30, 2016 included cash and
cash equivalents of $3.8 million, an increase of $2.3 million from the prior year end balance of $1.5 million as well as net fixed
assets of $12.7 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.3 million from the prior year end balance of $8.4 million. This
increase in net fixed assets was primarily due to $7.0 million in acquisitions of vehicles, construction equipment, and a fabrication
shop offset by $2.5 million in depreciation.  

Liabilities
totaled $33.9 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $7.4 million from the prior year end balance of $26.5 million. Current
maturities of long-term debt increased by $491,000 to $2.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $2.4 million at September 30, 2015.
Line of credit and short term borrowings increased by $1.7 million to $6.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million at September
30, 2015. In total, short-term debt increased by $2.2 million to $9.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $6.9 million at September
30, 2015 primarily due to increased borrowings from the Company s line of credit and borrowing for construction equipment
purchases and purchase of a fabrication shop. Long term debt increased by $588,000 to $7.4 million at September 30, 2016
from $6.8 million at September 30, 2015. Overall, the long-term and short-term debt of the Company increased by $2.8 million during
the year to $16.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $13.7 million at September 30, 2015. Accounts payable and accrued expenses
increased by $2.9 million to $10.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $8.0 million at September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily
due to increased labor, material, and equipment rental expenses associated with several major projects in progress at September
30, 2016.   

Shareholders 
equity was $22.5 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.2 million from the prior year end balance of $20.3 million. This
increase was primarily due to the $2.9 million net income available to common shareholders generated by the Company in fiscal year
2016, which was partially offset by $695,000 in dividends paid on common stock.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Indebtedness   

On January 31, 2014,
the Company entered into a financing arrangement with United Bank, Inc. (West Virginia) and Summit Community Bank (West Virginia).
The financing arrangement is a five year term loan in the amount of $8.8 million and bears interest at an annual rate of 6.50%.
In addition, the Company entered into a separate five year term loan agreement with First Guaranty Bank (Louisiana) for $1.6 million
and bears interest at an annual rate of 3.55%. Taken together, the $10.4 million in new financings supersedes the prior financing
arrangements the Company had with United Bank as well as the other lenders. As a result of entering into the new financings, United
Bank and the other lenders of the Company agreed to terminate their Forbearance Agreement with the Company. This was reported in
the Company s February 4, 2014 Form 8-K filing. 

Under
the terms of the financing agreement reached January 31, 2014, the Company must meet the following loan covenants:  

1.   Minimum tangible net worth of $10.0 million to be measured quarterly    

2.   Minimum traditional debt service coverage of 1.50x to be measured
quarterly on a rolling twelve month basis    

3.   Minimum current ratio of 1.30x to be measured quarterly    

4.   Maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio ( TNW )
to be measured semi-annually on the following basis:     

On July 31, 2014, the
bank group modified the calculation of the debt service coverage covenant in the loan agreement so that the Company is required
to maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of no less than 1.50 to 1.0x tested quarterly, as of the end of each fiscal quarter,
based upon the preceding four quarters.  Debt service coverage will be defined as the ratio of cash flow (net income plus
depreciation, amortization and interest expense, plus or minus one-time/non-recurring income and expenses (determined at the bank
group s sole discretion)) divided by the annualized debt service requirements on the Company s senior secured term
debt (post refinance), actual interest paid on the Company s senior secured revolving credit facility and the annualized
payments on any other debt outstanding. 

This modification applied
as of June 30, 2014, as well as for future periods.  The Company is in compliance with or has obtained a waiver for all loan
covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

On December 16, 2014,
the Company s Nitro Electric subsidiary entered into a 20 year $1.2 million loan agreement with First Bank of Charleston,
Inc. (West Virginia) to purchase the office building and property it had previously been leasing for $6,300 monthly. The interest
rate on the new loan agreement is 4.75% with monthly payments of $7,800. 

On September 16, 2015,
the Company entered into a $1.2 million 41 month term note agreement with United Bank, Inc. to refinance the five year term note
agreement with First Guaranty Bank. The agreement has an interest rate of 5.0% and is  subject
to the terms of the January 31, 2014 Term Note agreement discussed above.  

Also
on September 16, 2015, the Company entered into a $2.5 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank, Inc. This six year
agreement gave the Company access to a $2.5 million line of credit ( Equipment Line of Credit ), specifically for the
purchase of equipment, for the period of one year with an interest rate of 5.0%. After the first year, all borrowings against the
Equipment Line of Credit will be converted to a five year term note agreement with  an interest rate of 5.0%. This agreement
is  subject to the terms of the January 31, 2014 Term Note agreement discussed above. At September
30, 2016, the Company had borrowed $2.46 million against this line of credit.   

On November 13, 2015,
the Company entered into a 10 year $1.1 million loan agreement with United Bank, Inc. to purchase the fabrication shop and property
Nitro Electric had previously been leasing for $12,900 monthly. The interest rate on the new loan agreement is 5.0% with monthly
payments of $11,500. 

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had $3.8 million in cash and working capital of $19.0 million. The maturities of long-term and
short-term debt, which includes line of credit borrowings, term notes payable to banks, and notes payable on various equipment
purchases, were as follows:  

Operating
Line of Credit    

On March 30, 2016,
the Company entered into a financing agreement ( Operating Line of Credit (2016) ) with United Bank, Inc. to provide
the Company with a $15.0 million revolving line of credit. The effective date of this agreement was February 27, 2016 and it replaced
the $10.0 million revolving line of credit ( Operating Line of Credit (2015) ) entered into with United Bank, Inc.
on February 27, 2015. The Company paid off all borrowings from the Operating Line of Credit (2015) prior to the expiration date,
February 27, 2016, and had borrowed $6.0 million against the Operating Line of Credit (2016) as of September 30, 2016. 

The
interest rate on the Operating Line of Credit (2016), which expires on February 27, 2017, is the  Wall Street
Journal  Prime Rate (the index) with a floor of 6.0%. Cash available under the line is calculated based on 70.0% of
the Company s eligible accounts receivable. Major items excluded from the calculation are receivables from bonded jobs
and retainage as well as items greater than 90 days old.   

Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company must meet the following loan covenants to access the first $12.5 million:  

1.   Minimum tangible net worth of $17.0 million to be measured quarterly    

2.   Minimum traditional debt service coverage of 1.50x to be measured
quarterly on a rolling twelve month basis    

3.   Minimum current ratio of 1.50x to be measured quarterly    

4.   Maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio ( TNW )
of 1.50x to be measured semi-annually.    

Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company must meet the following additional requirements for draw requests causing the borrowings
to exceed $12.5 million:  

1.   Minimum tangible net worth of $19.0 million to be measured quarterly    

2.   Minimum traditional debt service coverage of 2.0x to be measured
quarterly on a rolling twelve-month basis    

3.   Full review of accounts receivable aging report and work in
progress. The results of the review shall be satisfactory to the lender in its sole and unfettered discretion.    

The
Company was in compliance with or has obtained a waiver for all covenants and additional requirements for the $15.0 million Operating
Line of Credit (2016) at September 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions   

Due
to the nature of our industry, we often enter into certain off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business that
result in risks not directly reflected in our balance sheets. Though for the most part not material in nature, some of these are:  

Leases   

Our
work often requires us to lease various facilities, equipment and vehicles. These leases usually are short term in nature, one
year or less though at times we may enter into longer term leases when warranted. By leasing equipment, vehicles and facilities,
we are able to reduce our capital outlay requirements for equipment, vehicles and facilities that we may only need for short periods
of time.   

Letters
of Credit   

Certain
of our customers or vendors may require letters of credit to secure payments that the vendors are making on our behalf or to secure
payments to subcontractors, vendors, etc. on various customer projects. At September 30, 2016,  the Company did not have
any outstanding letters of credit. 

Performance
Bonds   

Some
customers, particularly new ones or governmental agencies, require the Company to post bid bonds, performance bonds and payment
bonds (collectively, performance bonds). These bonds are obtained through insurance carriers and guarantee to the customer that
we will perform under the terms of a contract and that we will pay subcontractors and vendors. If the Company fails to perform
under a contract or to pay subcontractors and vendors, the customer may demand that the insurer make payments or provide services
under the bond. The Company must reimburse the insurer for any expenses or outlays it is required to make.   

In
February 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with a surety company to provide bonding which will suit the Company s
immediate needs. The ability to obtain bonding for future contracts is an important factor in the contracting industry with respect
to the type and amount of contracts that can be bid.   

Depending
upon the size and conditions of a particular contract, the Company may be required to post letters of credit or other collateral
in favor of the insurer. Posting of these letters or other collateral will reduce our borrowing capabilities. The Company does
not anticipate any claims in the foreseeable future. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $14.9 million in performance bonds
outstanding.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk   

In
the ordinary course of business the Company grants credit under normal payment terms, generally without collateral, to our customers,
which include natural gas and oil companies, general contractors, and various commercial and industrial customers located within
the United States. Consequently, the Company is subject to potential credit risk related to business and economic factors that
would affect these companies. However, the Company generally has certain statutory lien rights with respect to services provided.
Under certain circumstances such as foreclosure, the Company may take title to the underlying assets in lieu of cash in settlement
of receivables.   

The
Company had two customers that exceeded 10.0% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016. The two customers, Marathon Petroleum
and EQT, represented 18.2% and 17.6% of revenues and 40.6% and 11.3% of receivables net of retention, respectively. The Company
had two customers that exceeded 10.0% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2015. These two customers, Marathon Petroleum
and Rice Energy, represented 14.6% and 22.8% of revenues and 14.5% and 32.6% of receivables net of retention, respectively.   

The
Company s consolidated operating revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 were $155.5 million of which 53.2% was attributable
to gas and petroleum contract work, 37.8% to electrical and mechanical contract services and 9.0% to water and sewer contract installations
and other ancillary services. The Company s consolidated operating revenues for the year ended September 30, 2015 were $116.8
million of which 54.3% was attributable to gas and petroleum contract work, 37.6% to electrical and mechanical contract services
and 8.1% to water and sewer contract installations and other ancillary services.  

Litigation   

The
Company is a party from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course
of business. These actions typically seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, breach of contract and/or
property damages, punitive damages, civil penalties or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. With respect to all such
lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, we record reserves when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of
loss can be reasonably estimated. At September 30, 2016, the Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, separately
or in aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Related
Party Transactions   

In
the normal course of business, the Company enters into transactions from time to time with related parties. These transactions
typically would not be material in nature and would usually relate to real estate, vehicle or equipment rentals.  

Inflation   

Due
to relatively low levels of inflation during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, inflation did not have a significant
effect on our results.  

New
Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. In June 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ).  ASU 2014-09 affects any
entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer
of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., insurance contracts or lease contracts).
This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance,
and creates a Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. With the amendments in ASU 2015-14, ASU 2014-09 will be effective
for the Company beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2014-09
will not have a material impact on its financial statements or disclosure. 

In November 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 is
effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within those annual periods. ASU 2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred
tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to
classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2015-17 will not have
a material impact on its financial statements or disclosure. 

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, based
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There can
be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. Management believes the following accounting policies
affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.  

Income
Taxes   

The Company and all
subsidiaries file a consolidated federal and various state income tax returns on a fiscal year basis. With few exceptions, the
Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local income tax examinations for years ending prior to September 30, 2009. 

The
Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with the Income Taxes topic of the ASC 740.
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for future tax consequences of temporary differences between
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected
to be in effect when the underlying assets or liabilities are recovered or settled . A valuation allowance is established
to reduce deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  GAAP
prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present and disclose in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or to be taken on a tax return.  

Goodwill   

In
the quarter ended September 30, 2012, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $36.9 million, which represented the
entire amount of goodwill carried on the Company s balance sheet. The goodwill impairment test indicated that there was no
residual goodwill of the Company. The Company had determined that its operating units meet the criteria for aggregation and could
be deemed a single reporting unit because of their similar economic characteristics. Therefore, the goodwill impairment test was
conducted at the Company level. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Revenue
Recognition   

Revenues
from fixed price contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of costs incurred
to date to total estimated costs at completion. These contracts provide for a fixed amount of revenues for the entire project.
Such contracts provide that the customer accept completion of progress to date and compensate us the services rendered, measured
in terms of units installed, hours expended or some other measure of progress. Contract costs include all direct material, labor
and subcontract costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, tools and expendables.
The cost estimates are based on the professional knowledge and experience of the Company s engineers, project managers and
financial professionals. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and others all affect the total estimated costs at completion.
The effects of these changes are recognized in the period in which they occur. Provisions for the total estimated losses on uncompleted
contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. The current asset  Costs and estimated earnings in
excess of billings on uncompleted contracts  represents revenues recognized in excess of amounts billed for fixed price contracts.
The current liability  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts  represents billings
in excess of revenues recognized for fixed price contracts. Revenue on all costs plus and time and material contracts are recognized
when services are performed or when units are completed.  

Claims   

Claims
are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price that a contractor seeks to collect from customers or others for customer-caused
delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and
price, or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. The Company records revenue on claims that have a high probability of
success. Revenue from a claim is recorded only to the extent that contract costs relating to the claim have been incurred.  

Self
Insurance   

The
Company has its workers  compensation, general liability and auto insurance through a captive insurance company. While the
Company believes that this arrangement has been very beneficial in reducing and stabilizing insurance costs the Company does have
to maintain a restricted cash account to guarantee payments of premiums. That restricted account had a balance of $1.6 million
as of September 30, 2016. Should the captive insurance company experience severe losses over an extended period, it could have
a detrimental effect on the Company.  

Current
and Non-Current Accounts Receivable and Provision for Doubtful Accounts   

The
Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when collection of an account is considered doubtful. Inherent in the assessment
of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates relating to, among others, our customers  access
to capital, our customers  willingness or ability to pay, general economic conditions and the ongoing relationship with the
customers. While most of our customers are large well capitalized companies, should they experience material changes in their revenues
and cash flows or incur other difficulties and not be able to pay the amounts owed, this could cause reduced cash flows and losses
in excess of our current reserves. At September 30, 2016, the management review deemed that the allowance for doubtful accounts
was adequate.  

ITEM
7A.           Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM
8.              Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Financial Statements
are included at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9.              Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

ITEM
9A.           Controls and Procedures  

(a) Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that Energy Services files or
submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

(b) Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial
reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) Pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the Company; 

(2) Provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and 

(3) Provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets
that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management has used
the framework set forth in the report entitled  Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013  published by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Management has not indentified any material weakness in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of the end of the most recent fiscal year. 

This Annual Report
does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only Management s report in this Annual Report. 

(c) Changes in Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting  

There has been no change
in Energy Services of America Corporation s internal control over financial reporting during Energy Services of America Corporation s
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Energy Services
of America Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B.           Other Information  

None. 

PART III 

ITEM
10.           Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

The principal occupation
during the past five years of each director and executive officer is set forth below. All directors and executive officers have
held their present positions since our inception in 2006 unless otherwise stated. 

Marshall T. Reynolds
  has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Reynolds has served as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board Directors of Champion Industries, Inc., a commercial printer, business form manufacturer and supplier
of office products and furniture, from 1992 to the present, and sole stockholder from 1972 to 1993; President and General Manager
of The Harrah and Reynolds Corporation, from 1964 (and sole stockholder since 1972) to present; Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Pullman Plaza Hotel in Huntington, West Virginia; and Chairman of the Board of Directors of McCorkle Machine and Engineering
Company in Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Reynolds is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bancshares,
Inc., in Hammond, Louisiana; and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc., in Huntington, West Virginia
and a director of Summit State Bank in Santa Rosa, CA since December 1998. Mr. Reynolds is the father of Jack M. Reynolds
and Douglas V. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds varied career as a business leader and experience in a number of industries qualifies him
to be on the Board of Directors. 

Douglas V. Reynolds
  was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on December 6, 2012, and has served as a Director since
2008. Mr. Reynolds is an attorney for Reynolds   Brown, PLLC. Mr. Reynolds is the President of the Transylvania Corporation
and a director of The Harrah and Reynolds Corporation. Mr. Reynolds is a graduate of Duke University and holds a law degree from
West Virginia University. Mr. Reynolds is the son of Director Marshall T. Reynolds and brother of Jack M. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds 
varied experience and senior management roles with other companies make Mr. Reynolds a valuable member of the Board. 

Jack M. Reynolds  
served as President and Chief Financial Officer from our inception until September 2008 and has been a member of our Board of Directors
since our inception. Mr. Reynolds has been a Vice President of Pritchard Electric Company since 1998. Pritchard is an electrical
contractor providing electrical services to both utility companies as well as private industries. Mr. Reynolds also serves as a
Director of Citizens Deposit Bank of Vanceburg, Kentucky. Mr. Reynolds is the son of Marshall T. Reynolds and the brother of Douglas
V. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds lengthy service at Pritchard Electric and knowledge of the contracting industry provides hands on expertise
to the Board of Directors. 

Neal W. Scaggs
  has been a Director since our inception. Mr. Scaggs has been president of Basiden Brothers, Inc. (retail and wholesale
hardware) from 1963 to the present. Mr. Scaggs is on the Boards of Directors of Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Champion Industries,
Inc. Mr. Scaggs also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bucane, Inc. Mr. Scaggs business experience in sales, marketing
and capital markets provides a broad business perspective to the Board of Directors. 

Joseph L. Williams  
has been a Director since our inception. Mr. Williams is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Basic Supply Company, Inc.,
which he founded in 1977. Mr. Williams was one of the organizers and is a Director of First Sentry Bancshares, Inc., Huntington,
West Virginia. Mr. Williams was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Consolidated Bank   Trust Co., in Richmond,
Virginia from 2007 until it merged with Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. in 2009. Mr. Williams is a former member of the West Virginia
Governor s Workforce Investment Council. He is a former Director of Unlimited Future, Inc. (a small business incubator) and
a former Member of the National Advisory Council of the U.S. Small Business Administration. Mr. Williams is a former Mayor and
City Councilman of the City of Huntington, West Virginia. He is a graduate of Marshall University with a degree in finance and
is a former member of its Institutional Board of Governors. Mr. Williams' investment and management experience provides the board
of directors an important perspective in business development. 

Keith Molihan  
was appointed to the Board of Directors on August 15, 2008. Mr. Molihan is a retired executive director of the Lawrence County
Community Action Organization. Mr. Molihan has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ohio River Bank, Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Farmers Bank of Eminence Kentucky and Chairman of the Board of EMEGA Turbine Technology, as well as President
of the Lawrence County Ohio Port Authority and President of the Southeast Ohio Emergency Medical organization. Mr. Molihan s
experience provides insights in the industrial aspects of the Company s business. 

Nester S. Logan  
is the owner of S.S. Logan Packing Co. located in Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Logan is a Director of First Sentry Bancshares,
Inc., Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Logan s experience in the Company s market area provides the Board with knowledge
of business conditions in West Virginia and Ohio. 

Samuel G. Kapourales  
is a Board Member of the West Virginia Health Care Authority and Kapourales Properties, LLC. Mr. Kapourales serves as a Director
of First National Bank of Williamson and First Bank of Charleston. Mr. Kapourales  varied business experience makes him a
valuable member of the Board. 

Bruce H. Elliott  
was appointed to the Board of Directors on August 20, 2014. Mr. Elliott graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bridgewater College (Bridgewater,
VA) with a degree in Accounting.  He is a certified public accountant and Principal of D'amelio,
Cohen   Associates, LLC, an accounting firm located in Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Elliott is licensed in Maryland, Virginia,
and West Virginia, and is a member of each state s CPA society. He is also active in various community service projects.
Mr. Elliott s accounting and financial background provides insight to issues important to shareholders and investors.  

Charles Abraham,
MD   was appointed to the Board of Directors on January 1, 2016. Dr. Abraham is an Otolaryngology (Ear Nose   Throat)
Specialist in Huntington, WV and is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Cabell Huntington Hospital, St. Mary s
Medical Center and Huntington Veterans Affairs Medical Center. He received his medical degree from West Virginia University School
of Medicine and has been in practice since 1968. He also received a MBA degree from Marshall University in August 1996. Dr. Abraham
is certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology and the West Virginia State Medical Association. Dr. Abraham s healthcare
experience and understanding of health insurance related matters makes him a valuable member of the Board. 

Charles P. Crimmel
  was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on November 1, 2013 after serving as Controller from 2008 to 2013.
Mr. Crimmel graduated from West Virginia University in 1995 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Accounting.
Mr. Crimmel was employed by Union Boiler Company as a Field Clerk and Staff Accountant from 1995 to 1996. From 1996-2005, Mr. Crimmel
served as Staff Accountant and Controller for Williams Union Boiler/Williams Service Group. From 2005-2008, Mr. Crimmel was Controller
for Nitro Electric Company. 

Board Leadership Structure
and Risk Oversight  

Our board of directors
is chaired by Mr. Marshall T. Reynolds, who is a non-executive director. We separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board in recognition of the differences between the two roles. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for overseeing
the day to day operations of the Company. The Chairman provides guidance to the Chief Executive Officer and, together with the
entire board of directors helps develop the strategic plan for the Company. 

The role of the board
of directors in the Company s risk oversight process includes receiving reports from senior management on areas of material
risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal, regulatory, strategic and reputational risk. The full board reviews
such reports and follows up with senior management to best determine how to address such risks. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Our common stock is
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The officers
and directors and beneficial owners of greater than 10% of our common stock are required to file reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership of the common stock.
Securities and Exchange Commission rules require disclosure in our Proxy Statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K of the failure
of an officer, director or 10% beneficial owner of our common stock to file a Form 3, 4 or 5 on a timely basis. Based on our review
of ownership reports required to be filed for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, all of our directors, officers and owners
of more than 10% of our common stock filed these reports on a timely basis. 

Meetings of the Board
of Directors   

During fiscal 2016,
the Board of Directors held twelve regular meetings and no special meetings. No director attended fewer than 75% in the aggregate
of the total number of board meetings held. All directors serving on our committees attended more than 75% of the total number
of committee meetings on which they served during fiscal 2016. Although not required, attendance of Board members at the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders is encouraged. All members of our Board of Directors attended the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee.   The Audit
Committee consisted of Messrs. Scaggs, Logan, and Molihan, with Mr. Scaggs acting as chairman of the committee in fiscal 2016.
The audit committee met four times during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. All of the directors appointed to the audit
committee are independent members of the board of directors, as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rules (Rule 10A-3
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and the NYSE MKT corporate governance listing standards. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate, and the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Molihan qualifies as audit committee financial expert,
as such term is defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rules. The committee s charter can be found at: www.energyservicesofamerica.com/posting/Audit_Committee_Charter_v1.pdf. 

The Audit Committee
reviews the professional services and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm and our accounts, procedures
and internal controls. The audit committee also recommends the firm selected to be our independent registered public accounting
firm, reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit, reviews and evaluates with the independent registered public accounting
firm our annual audit and annual consolidated financial statements, reviews with management the status of internal accounting controls,
evaluates problem areas having a potential financial impact on us that are brought to the committee s attention by management,
the independent registered public accounting firm or the board of directors, and evaluates all of our public financial reporting
documents. 

The Audit Committee
approved the appointment of Arnett Carbis Toothman to be our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2017 fiscal
year. A representative of Arnett Carbis Toothman is expected to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Nominating Committee.  
The Board has determined that the independent members of the Board of Directors will perform the duties of the nominating committee
of the Board of Directors. The nominating committee does not have a written charter. The nominating committee will (i) identify
individuals qualified to become members of the Board of Directors and recommend to the Board of Directors the nominees for election
to the Board of Directors; (ii) recommend director nominees for each committee to the Board of Directors; and (iii) identify individuals
to fill any vacancies on the Board of Directors. The nominating committee met one time during the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016. 

The nominating committee
of the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board of Directors willing to continue in service.
Current members of the Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue
in service are first considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board
of Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service,
or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, or if the size of the Board of Directors is increased, the
independent directors would solicit suggestions for director candidates from all board members. The independent directors would
seek to identify a candidate who at a minimum satisfies the following criteria: 

has the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity and whose values are compatible
with ours;   

has experiences and achievements that have given him or her the ability to exercise and develop
good business judgment;   

is willing to devote the necessary time to the work of the Board of Directors and its committees,
which includes being available for board and committee meetings;   

is familiar with the communities in which we operate and/or is actively engaged in community activities;   

is involved in other activities or interests that do not create a conflict with his or her responsibilities
to us and our stockholders; and   

has the capacity and desire to represent the balanced, best interests of our stockholders as a
group, and not primarily a special interest group or constituency.   

The nominating committee
will also take into account whether a candidate satisfies the criteria for  independence  under Securities and Exchange
Commission or NYSE MKT rules and, if a nominee is sought for service on the audit committee, the financial and accounting expertise
of a candidate, including whether an individual qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert.  The nominating
committee will consider diversity in identifying nominees for director, but has no specific policy or established criteria in this
regard. The nominating committee seeks candidates who have a broad range of business experience when considering nominees to the
Board of Directors. 

Procedures for the
Nomination of Directors by Stockholders 

The Board of Directors
has adopted procedures for the submission of director nominees by stockholders. If a determination is made that an additional candidate
is needed for the Board of Directors, the independent members of the Board of Directors will consider candidates submitted by our
stockholders. Stockholders can submit the names of qualified candidates for director by writing to our Corporate Secretary at 75
West 3 rd  Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701. The Corporate Secretary must receive a submission not less than forty-five
(45) days prior to the date of our proxy materials for the preceding year s annual meeting. The submission must include the
following information: 

a statement that the writer is a stockholder and is proposing a candidate for consideration by
our independent directors;   

the name and address of the stockholder as they appear on the our books and number of shares of
our common stock that are owned beneficially by such stockholder (if the stockholder is not a holder of record, appropriate evidence
of the stockholder s ownership will be required);   

the name, address and contact information for the candidate, and the number of shares of our common
stock that are owned by the candidate (if the candidate is not a holder of record, appropriate evidence of the stockholder s
ownership should be provided);   

a statement of the candidate s business and educational experience;   

such other information regarding the candidate as would be required to be included in the proxy
statement pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation 14A;   

a statement detailing any relationship between the candidate and Energy Services of America Corporation;   

a statement detailing any relationship between the candidate and any customer, supplier or competitor
of Energy Services of America Corporation;   

detailed information about any relationship or understanding between the proposing stockholder
and the candidate; and   

a statement that the candidate is willing to be considered and willing to serve as a director if
nominated and elected.   

Stockholder Communications
with the Board 

A stockholder who wants
to communicate with the Board of Directors or with any individual director can write to the Corporate Secretary at 75 West 3rd
Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701, Attention: Corporate Secretary. The letter should indicate that the author is a stockholder
and if shares are not held of record, should include appropriate evidence of stock ownership. Depending on the subject matter,
the Secretary will: 

forward the communication to the director or directors to whom it is addressed;   

attempt to handle the inquiry directly, i.e. where it is a request for information about us or it
is a stock-related matter; or   

not forward the communication if it is primarily commercial in nature, relates to an improper or irrelevant
topic, or is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or otherwise inappropriate.   

At each board meeting,
management shall present a summary of all communications received since the last meeting that were not forwarded and make those
communications available to the directors. 

The Compensation
Committee 

The compensation committee
consists of directors Joseph L. Williams, Keith Molihan and Nester S. Logan. Each member of the compensation committee is considered
 independent  as defined in the NYSE MKT corporate governance listing standards. The Board of Directors has not adopted
a written charter for the Committee. The compensation committee met one time during fiscal year 2016. 

The compensation committee
is appointed by the Board of Directors to assist the Board in developing compensation philosophy, criteria, goals and policies
for our executive officers that reflect our values and strategic objectives. The committee reviews the performance of our executive
officers and annually recommends to the full Board the compensation and benefits for our executive officers (including the Chief
Executive Officer). The committee administers our equity and long-term incentive plans. The committee establishes the terms of
employment and severance agreements/arrangements for executive officers. The committee recommends to the full Board the compensation
to be paid to our directors and any affiliates for their service on the Board. Finally, the committee establishes annual compensation
percentage increases for all employees. Our President and Chief Executive Officer provides recommendations to the compensation
committee related to our compensation program. However, our President and Chief Executive Officer does not vote on and is not present
for any discussion of his own compensation. 

For 2016, in making
compensation decisions, the compensation committee did not use strict numerical formulas to determine the compensation paid to
our executive officers. However, the committee considered a variety of factors in its deliberations over executive compensation,
emphasizing the profitability and scope of our operations, the experience, expertise and management skills of the named executive
officers and their role in our future success, as well as compensation surveys prepared by professional firms to determine compensation
paid to executives performing similar duties for comparable companies. While the quantitative and non-quantitative factors described
above were considered by the committee in determining the compensation paid to our named executive officers, such factors were
not assigned a specific weight in evaluating the performance of the named executive officers. In determining the Chief Executive
Officer s bonus, the Chairman of the Board also considers the above factors and makes a recommendation to the committee which
authorizes such bonus. For the other named executive officer, the Chief Executive Officer considers the above factors and makes
a recommendation to the committee which authorized his bonus. The Company paid $30,000 in bonuses in the aggregate to named executive
officers during fiscal year 2016. 

The Compensation Committee
has authority to approve the engagement of any compensation consultant it uses and the fees for those services. However, the Compensation
Committee did not engage a compensation consultant to assist in determining the amount or form of executive and director compensation
with respect to fiscal year 2016. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code
of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics was previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on
Form S-1. A copy of the Code will be furnished without charge upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, Energy Services
of America Corporation, 75 West 3 rd  Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701. 

ITEM
11.           Executive Compensation  

Executive and Director
Compensation  

We have adopted a compensation
committee policy that reflects the compensation philosophy and objectives of the compensation committee. 

Compensation Philosophy
and Objectives  

The compensation committee
believes that an effective executive compensation program rewards the achievement of pre-established short term, long-term and
strategic goals, and aligns executives  interests with those of our stockholders. The committee regularly evaluates both
performance and compensation relative to other comparable companies. We also manage our named executive officers  compensation
to align with the time horizon of our growth and development. As we grow, we strive to ensure that our compensation programs and
practices remain consistent with our philosophy to provide competitive, performance-based, and risk appropriate compensation that
enables us to attract, motivate and retain top performers who are essential to our successful growth and performance. 

The primary objectives
of our executive compensation program are to: 

provide pay for performance utilizing short and long-term incentives;   

be competitive with the marketplace within which we compete for talent;   

ensure compensation programs reward performance while appropriately managing risk; and   

enable us to attract, motivate, and retain top talent.   

We accomplish all these
objectives through a total compensation program that balances fixed and variable (i.e. incentive) compensation with a focus on
providing rewards to named executive officers for their contributions to achieving core business objectives and furthering our
short and long-term performance. We balance our desire for superior performance with safeguards so that our programs do not result
in excessive risk taking that can threaten our long-term value and stability. 

We also recognize that
our ability to attract and retain top talent has become even more critical as we grow. 

Our executive compensation
philosophy provides competitive ranges for each component of our compensation program and our compensation paid in the aggregate.
The starting point targets market median, but by using performance-based instruments, actual compensation paid to our named executive
officers varies depending on our performance against our stated objectives. We meet our compensation objectives for our named executive
officers through the following components of their total compensation: 

Base salaries are targeted at market median, but allow for recognition of each individual s
role, contribution, performance, and experience.   

Bonuses, which are determined by the compensation committee, reflect market median levels although
actual payouts will vary based on our performance relative to company-wide, team and individual contributions toward our strategic
plan.   

Long-term incentive awards are intended to provide significant focus on long-term performance through
stock-based compensation. Long-term compensation is designed to balance multiple objectives: (1) reward for long-term, sustained
performance and stock price growth; (2) align executive interests with stockholders through stock ownership; and (3) provide powerful
retention of our highest performers through vesting periods.   

Retirement, health, life insurance, disability, severance and other perquisites and benefits are
provided, but their focus and value are intentionally set to be conservatively competitive in order to attract and retain talented
individuals.   

Executive total compensation
is expected to vary each year, and evolve over the long-term to reflect our performance relative to our peers and the industry,
and to correspond with shareholder returns. 

We review our executive
compensation philosophy and programs annually to ensure that they are achieving desired objectives and supporting our needs as
we grow to be a more complex organization. 

Summary Compensation
Table for Named Executive Officers  . The following table shows the compensation of the Company s executive officers
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Mr. Crimmel was the only executive officer who received total compensation in
excess of $100,000 for services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the years ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Benefit Plans  

Stock Benefit Plans  

Long Term Incentive
Plan .  In 2010, the Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, the Energy Services of America Corporation
Long Term Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ), to provide our employees and directors with additional incentives to promote
our growth and performance. The LTIP gives us the flexibility we need to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees
and directors by offering a competitive compensation program that is linked to the performance of our common stock. 

The LTIP is administered
by our compensation committee. The committee may determine the type of award and the terms and conditions of each award under the
LTIP, which shall be set forth in an award agreement delivered to each participant. The LTIP authorizes the issuance of up to 1,200,000
shares of Company common stock pursuant to grants of restricted stock awards, performance share awards, restricted stock units,
performance share units, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights, provided, however,
that in any five year period, no individual may receive a grant of any type for more than 180,000 shares. 

The committee is authorized
to grant awards, the vesting of which may be subject to the satisfaction of performance-based conditions. The vesting date of performance-based
awards is the date on which all the performance measures are attained and the performance period is concluded. Any unvested performance-based
awards for which the performance measures are not satisfied will be forfeited without consideration. If the right to become vested
in an award under the LTIP is conditioned on the completion of a specified period of service with the Company or its subsidiaries,
without the achievement of performance measures or objectives, then the required period of service for full vesting shall be determined
by the committee and evidenced in the award agreement. In general, no awards may vest at a rate exceeding one-third per year commencing
one year after the date of grant. 

Unless otherwise provided
in an award agreement, in the event of a participant s termination of service for any reason other than disability, retirement,
death or termination for cause, then (i) any stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable only as to those
awards that were vested on the date of termination of service and only for a period of three months following termination, and
(ii) any restricted stock awards or restricted stock units that have not vested as of the date of termination of service shall
expire and be forfeited. In the event of termination for cause, any awards that have not vested, or have vested but have not been
exercised (in the case of stock options and stock appreciation rights) shall expire and shall be forfeited. 

Upon termination of
service due to death or disability, all stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable as to all shares subject
to an outstanding award, whether or not then exercisable, and all restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards shall become
fully vested at the date of termination of service. Stock options and stock appreciation rights may be exercised for a period of
one year following such termination of service. 

Unless otherwise provided
in an award agreement, upon termination of service due to retirement, all stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be
exercisable as to all shares subject to an outstanding award, whether or not then exercisable. Unless otherwise provided in an
award agreement, all other awards, except performance-based awards subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, shall
become fully vested on retirement. 

Unless otherwise provided
in an award agreement, upon the occurrence of an involuntary termination of employment (or, as to a director, termination of service
as a director) following a  change in control  of the Company (as defined in the LTIP), all outstanding options and
stock appreciation rights then held by a participant will become fully exercisable and all restricted stock and restricted stock
unit awards shall be fully earned and vested. In the event of a change in control, any performance measure attached to an award
shall be deemed satisfied as of the date of the change in control. 

If the committee determines
that a present or former participant has (i) used for profit, or disclosed to unauthorized persons, our confidential information
or trade secrets; (ii) breached any contract with or violated any fiduciary obligation to us; or (iii) engaged in any conduct
which the committee determines is injurious to the Company, the committee may cause that participant to forfeit his or her outstanding
awards under the Plan. 

If we are required
to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial
reporting requirement under the securities laws, any participant who is an executive officer shall (i) reimburse the Company the
amount of any bonus or incentive compensation paid to such participant that were subsequently reduced due to the restatement; (ii)
have outstanding awards granted under the LTIP cancelled; and/or (iii) reimburse the Company for any gains realized in the exercise
of options, vesting of or open market sales of vested, restricted stock awards or performance share awards, payment of any restricted
stock units, performance share units or stock appreciation rights granted to such participant, regardless of when issued, but only
if, and to the extent that (A) the amount of the bonus or incentive compensation was calculated based on achievement of the original
financial results; (B) the executive officer engaged in intentional misconduct that caused or partially caused the need for the
restatement; and (C) the amount of the bonus or incentive compensation, as calculated under the restated financial results,
is less than the amount actually paid or awarded under the original financial results. 

The Board of Directors
may, at any time, amend or terminate the LTIP or any award granted under the LTIP, provided that, except as provided in the LTIP,
no amendment or termination may adversely impair the rights of an outstanding award without the participant s (or affected
beneficiary s) written consent.  

For fiscal year 2016,
no awards were granted under LTIP to the named executive officers by the compensation committee. 

Long Term Incentive Plan       
      Number of securities
    to be  issued upon exercise of  outstanding options, warrants  and rights            
      Weighted-average
    exercise  price of outstanding options,  warrants and rights            
      Number of securities 
    remaining available for future  issuance under equity  compensation plans  (excluding securities reflected  in
    column (a))        

(a)            
      (b)            
      (c)        
 
      Equity compensation plans approved
    by security holders       
           -            
           -            
           1,149,000        
 
      Equity compensation plans not approved by
    security holders       
           -            
           -            
           -        
 
      Total       
           -            
           -            
           1,149,000        

Energy Services 401(k) Plan   

401(k) Retirement
Plans   

We maintain the Energy
Services of America Staff 401(k) Retirement Plan (the  Plan ). Our three wholly owned subsidiaries, C. J. Hughes Construction
Company, Inc., Nitro Electric Company, Inc., and Contractors Rental Corporation adopted the Plan on behalf of their non-union employees.
Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan upon completion of six months of service, but must wait until a quarterly entry
date to join the Plan. Employees may contribute eligible wages up to the maximum indexed dollar amount set by the Internal Revenue
Service, which was $18,000 for 2016. In addition, participants who are age 50 or older by the end of the Plan year may elect to
defer up to an additional $6,000 into the 401(k) plan for 2016. The Company provided a matching contribution to each participant s
account equal to $0.25 on each dollar contributed up to 6% of eligible wages. The Company s matching contribution is used
by the Plan s third-party administrator to purchase Energy Services of America stock from the open market. Additionally,
each Plan year, the Company may make discretionary profit-sharing contributions for participants who are actively employed on the
last day of the Plan year. The discretionary contributions will be allocated to a qualifying participant s individual account
based on the ratio of his or her compensation to the total compensation of all qualifying participants for the Plan year. No discretionary
profit sharing contributions were made in 2016. Participants direct the investment of their account in the Plan, selecting from
investment funds provided under the Plan. Participants receive quarterly benefit statements that provide information on their account
balances and have immediate access to their account through an Interactive Voice Response System and the Internet. Plan benefits
are paid as soon as administratively possible following the participant s termination of employment. Lump sums, partial payments
and installment payments are available if the participant s account balance exceeds $1,000. 

Energy Services of America Corporation
2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

The plan enables eligible
employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions. The plan is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal
Revenue Code and its regulations. Up to 1,200,000 shares of common stock, subject to adjustments, may be issued under this plan.
An eligible employee s stock purchases during a calendar year may not exceed the lesser of: (a) a percentage of the participant s
compensation or a total dollar amount as specified by the committee or (b) $25,000. During 2016, we did not utilize the plan. 

Directors 
Compensation 

Director Compensation .
 The table set forth below shows the compensation of our non-executive directors for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.
We did not make any non-equity incentive plan awards to directors and there were no preferential earnings on nonqualified deferred
compensation. Each Director received retainer fees of $500 per month from October 2015 to February 2016. The retainer fee was increased
to $1,000 per month beginning in March 2016. No fee payments were made for committee participation. 

ITEM
12.           Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

Persons and groups
who beneficially own in excess of five percent of our common stock are required to file certain reports with the Securities and
Exchange Commission regarding such ownership. The following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2016, the shares of common stock
beneficially owned by each person who was the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock,
as well as the shares owned by our directors, nominees and executive officers as a group. 

(1)  In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Security Exchange
Act of 1934, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner for purposes of this table of any shares of common stock if he has
sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to such security, or has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days from the date as of which beneficial ownership is being determined. As used herein,  voting power 
is the power to vote or direct the voting of shares and  investment power  is the power to dispose or direct the disposition
of shares. Includes all shares held directly as well as by spouses and minor children, in trust and other indirect ownership,
over which shares the named individuals effectively exercise sole or shared voting and investment power. 

(2)  Includes 2,150,000 shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of shares of preferred stock. 

(3)  Includes 933,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(4)  Includes 216,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(5)  Includes 266,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

The table below sets
forth certain information regarding our Board of Directors and executive officers, including the terms of office of board members
and the ownership of our securities. 

(3)  In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Security Exchange
Act of 1934, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner for purposes of this table of any shares of common stock if he has
sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to such security, or has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days from the date as of which beneficial ownership is being determined. As used herein,  voting power 
is the power to vote or direct the voting of shares and  investment power  is the power to dispose or direct the disposition
of shares. Includes all shares held directly as well as by spouses and minor children, in trust and other indirect ownership,
over which shares the named individuals effectively exercise sole or shared voting and investment power. 

(4)  Includes 933,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(5)  Includes 216,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock and 12,069 common shares related to 401(k) match held by third party plan administrator. 

(6)  Includes 266,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(7)  Includes 16,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(8)  Includes 266,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(9)  Includes16,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(10)  Includes 16,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(11)  Includes 233,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

(12)  Includes 183,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of shares of preferred stock. 

ITEM
13.            Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

We intend that all
transactions between us and our executive officers, directors, holders of 10% or more of the shares of any class of our common
stock and affiliates thereof, will be on terms no less favorable than those terms given to unaffiliated third parties and will
be approved by a majority of our independent outside directors not having any interest in the transaction. 

Prior to a $1,163,000
refinancing agreement with United Bank, Inc. on September 16, 2015, the Company had a five-year term note agreement with First
Guaranty Bank, Hammond, Louisiana. Mr. Marshall Reynolds is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bank and owns
greater than 10% of the common stock of First Guaranty Bank s holding company, First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. In addition,
Messrs. Douglas Reynolds and Jack Reynolds, the sons of Marshall Reynolds, are also significant stockholders of First Guaranty
Bancshares, Inc. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding of the loan was $1,644,690. As of September 16, 2015, we
paid approximately $482,000 in principal and approximately $88,000 in interest since the beginning of the loan, January 31, 2014.
The interest rate on the loan was 3.55%. 

On December 16, 2014,
the Company s Nitro Electric subsidiary entered into a 20 year $1.2 million loan agreement with First Bank of Charleston,
Inc. (West Virginia) to purchase the office building and property it had previously been leasing for $6,300 monthly. Mr. Douglas
Reynolds, President of Energy Services, is a director and secretary of First Bank of Charleston. Mr. Nester Logan and Mr. Samuel
Kapourales, directors of Energy Services, are also directors of First Bank of Charleston. The interest rate on the new loan agreement
is 4.75% with monthly payments of $7,800. As of September 30, 2016, we have paid approximately $65,000 in principal and approximately
$99,000 in interest since the beginning of the loan. 

Other than as disclosed
above, there were no related party transactions. 

Board Independence

The Board of Directors
consists of a majority of  independent directors  within the meaning of the NYSE MKT corporate governance listing standards.
The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Scaggs, Molihan, Logan, Williams, Kapourales, Abraham, and Elliott are  independent
directors  within the meaning of such standards. There were no transactions not required to be reported under   Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions  that were considered in determining the independence of our directors. 

ITEM
14.            Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

Audit Fees   

We were billed by Arnett
Carbis Toothman, our independent registered public accountant, $148,116 and $119,000 for the services they have performed in connection
with the audit of our financial statements included in our Annual Report for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively and for the review
of interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during these periods. 

Audit-Related Fees  

During fiscal years
2016 and 2015, we had no audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees  

During the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman $34,209 and $31,000, respectively, for tax compliance
services. 

Employee Benefit Plan  

During the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman $30,000 and $0, respectively, for the services they
performed in connection with the audit of our 401(k) Plan and Form 11-K filing. 

All Other Fees  

During fiscal years
2016 and 2015, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman, $5,099 and $3,000, respectively, for fees billed for products and services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. These fees consisted primarily
of travel and postage expenses. 

Policy on Audit
Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The audit committee s
policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These
services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided
for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to particular service or category of services and is generally subject to
a specific budget. The audit committee has delegated pre-approval authority to its Chairman when expedition of services is necessary.
The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full audit committee
regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval,
and the fees for the services performed to date. All of the fees paid in the audit-related, tax and all other categories during
2016 and 2015 were approved per the pre-approval policies. 

PART IV 

ITEM
15.           Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  

The exhibits
and financial statement schedules filed as a part of this Form 10-K are as follows: 

(a)(1)   Consolidated Financial Statements  

(a)(2)   Consolidated   Financial
                                         Statement Schedules    

No financial
statement schedules are filed because the required information is not applicable or is included in the consolidated financial statements
or related notes. 

(a)(3)   Exhibits  

Exhibit No.   
       Description     

3.1  
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1)   
 
      3.2  
      Bylaws (1)   
 
      3.3  
      Certificate of Amendment to the Registrant s Certificate of Incorporation (1)   
 
      3.4  
      Certificate of Designations Series A Preferred Stock (5)   
 
      4  
      Form of Certificate of Common Stock (1)   
 
      10.1  
      Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company and the Registrant.(1)   
 
      10.2  
      Form of Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders.(1)   
 
      10.3  
      Form of Letter Agreement between Chapman Printing Co. and the Registrant regarding administrative support.(1)   
 
      10.4  
      Form of Amended Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders.(1)   
 
      10.5  
      Term Note Agreement with United Bank, Inc. (6)   
 
      10.6.1  
      Energy Services of America Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2)   
 
      10.6.2  
      Energy Services of America Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (3)   
 
      10.7  
      Management Incentive Plan (4)   
 
      10.8  
      Line of Credit (2015) Agreement with United Bank, Inc. (7)   
 
      10.9  
      Line of Credit (2016) Agreement with United Bank, Inc. (8)   
 
      14  
      Code of Ethics (1)   
 
      21  
      List of subsidiaries   
 
      31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

(1)  Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Energy Services of America
Corp. (file no. 333-133111), originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2006, as amended.   

(2)    Filed as Appendix
A to the Schedule 14-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2008.  

(3)    Filed as Appendix A to the Schedule 14-A filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2010.    

(4)    Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2010.    

(5)   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 8, 2013.     

(6)  I ncorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 4, 2014.    

(7)  I ncorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2015.    

(8)  I ncorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2016.    

(b) The exhibits listed
under (a)(3) above are filed herewith. 

 (c) Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES        

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION   

Date: December 15, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds  

Douglas V. Reynolds  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Duly Authorized Representative)  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name  
       
      Position  
       
      Date   

By 
     /s/ Marshall T. Reynolds 
       
     Chairman of the Board   
       
     December 15, 2016  

Marshall T. Reynolds  

By 
     /s/ Jack Reynolds 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Jack R. Reynolds 

By 
     /s/ Charles P. Crimmel 
       
     Chief 
Financial Officer 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Charles P. Crimmel 
       
     (Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer) 

By 
      /s/ Neal W. Scaggs  
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Neal W. Scaggs 

By 
     /s/ Joseph L. Williams 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Joseph L. Williams 

By 
     /s/ Keith Molihan 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Keith Molihan 

By 
     /s/ Nester S. Logan 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Nester S. Logan 

By 
     /s/ Bruce H. Elliott 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Bruce H. Elliott 

By    
     /s/ Samuel G. Kapourales 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Samuel G. Kapourales 

By 
     /s/ Charles Abraham 
       
     Director 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Charles Abraham 

By 
     /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds 
       
     President and Chief 
       
     December 15, 2016  

Douglas V. Reynolds 
       
     Executive Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED   

  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors 

 Energy Services of America Corporation 

 Huntington, West Virginia 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Energy Services of America Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Energy Services of America Corporation
and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Charleston, West Virginia 

 December 15, 2016 

Bridgeport,
WV     Buckhannon, WV     Charleston, WV     Columbus,
OH     Lewisburg, WV     Meadville, PA     Morgantown,
WV     New Castle, PA     Pittsburgh, PA  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA
CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME  

  For the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  For the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

The Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows includes the discontinued operation, S.T. Pipeline. See the cash flows from discontinued operations on page F-13. 

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  

  For the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.    BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION:    

Energy Services of America Corporation ( Energy Services )
was formed in 2006 as a special purpose acquisition corporation, or blank check company. On August 15, 2008, Energy Services completed
the acquisitions of S.T. Pipeline, Inc. ( S.T. Pipeline ) and C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. ( C.J. Hughes ). 

Wholly owned subsidiary C.J. Hughes is a general contractor
primarily engaged in pipeline construction for utility companies. C.J. Hughes operates primarily in the mid-Atlantic region of
the United States. Nitro Electric, a wholly owned subsidiary of C. J. Hughes, is an electrical and mechanical contractor that provides
its services to the power, chemical and automotive industries. Nitro Electric operates primarily in the mid-Atlantic region of
the United States. Contractors Rental, a wholly owned subsidiary of C.J. Hughes provides union building trade employees for projects
managed by C.J. Hughes. All of the C.J. Hughes, Nitro Electric, and Contractors Rental production personnel are union members of
various related construction trade unions and are subject to collective bargaining agreements that expire at varying time intervals. 

S.T. Pipeline engaged in the construction of natural gas pipelines
for utility companies in various states, mostly in the mid-Atlantic area of the country. On May 14, 2013, the Company liquidated
the operation of S.T. and realized $1.9 million from the sale of assets. The financial position and results of operations of S.T.
Pipeline have been presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements for all presented periods. 

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:    

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements of Energy Services include
the accounts of Energy Services and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Energy Services include Energy Services
and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of income and loss during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Energy Services considers all highly liquid investments purchased
with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
Topic  of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

Under the FASB s authoritative guidance
on fair value measurements, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurements Topic of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based upon the transparency of inputs to
the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. 

As noted above, there is a three-level
valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs
to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1    Quoted
prices for identical assets and liabilities traded in active exchange markets, such as the New York Stock Exchange. 

Level 2    Observable
inputs other than Level 1 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in less active markets, or other
observable inputs that can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 2 also includes derivative contracts whose value is
determined using a pricing model with observable market inputs or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable
market data. 

Level 3    Unobservable
inputs supported by little or no market activity for financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted
cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant
management judgment or estimation; also includes observable inputs for nonbinding single dealer quotes not corroborated by observable
market data. 

A financial instrument s categorization
within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The carrying amount for borrowings
under the Company s revolving credit facility approximates fair value because of the variable market interest rate charged
to the Company for these borrowings. The fair value of the Company s long term fixed-rate debt to unrelated parties was estimated
using a discounted cash flow analysis and a yield rate that was estimated based on the borrowing rates currently available to the
Company for bank loans with similar terms and maturities. The fair value of the aggregate principal amount of the Company s
fixed-rate debt of $16.5 million at September 30, 2016 was $16.3 million. 

The Company uses fair value measurements
on a non-recurring basis in its assessment of goodwill and long-lived assets held and used. In accordance with its annual impairment
test during the quarter ended September 30, 2012, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $36.9 million, which
represented the entire amount of goodwill carried on the Company s balance sheet. The fair value measurements were calculated
using unobservable inputs, using a weighted average of the discounted cash flow approach and two market approach analyses, all
of which are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The amount and timing of future cash flows was based on our
most recent operational budgets. The Company uses the assistance of third party specialists to develop valuation assumptions. Refer
to Note 4, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for further information. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts  

The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when
collection of an account or note receivable is considered doubtful, and receivables are written off against the allowance when
deemed uncollectible. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates including,
among others, the customer s access to capital, the customer s willingness or ability to pay, general economic conditions
and the ongoing relationship with the customer. Retainage billed but not paid pursuant to contract provisions will be due upon
completion of the contracts. Based on the Company s past experience management considers all amounts classified as retainage
receivable to be collectible. All retainage receivable amounts are expected to be collected within the next fiscal year. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Costs which extend
the useful lives or increase the productivity of the assets are capitalized, while normal repairs and maintenance that do not extend
the useful life or increase productivity of the asset are expensed as incurred. Property and equipment are depreciated principally
on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: buildings 39 years; operating equipment and vehicles
5-7 years; and office equipment, furniture and fixtures 5-7 years. 

Goodwill and Other Intangibles  

The Company s goodwill was acquired in two separate purchase
transactions that were consummated on August 15, 2008. The Company selected July 1 for its annual impairment testing date, which
is the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter. In accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, goodwill was to
be tested for impairment between annual testing dates if an event occurred or circumstances changed that would have more likely
than not reduced the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge of $36.9 million was recorded
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2012 as further disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

A long-lived asset shall be tested for recoverability whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation is required, the
estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset s carrying amount to determine
if a write-down to market value is required. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenues from fixed price contracts are recognized using
the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date to total estimated costs at
completion. These contracts provide for a fixed amount of revenues for the entire project. Such contracts provide that the
customer accept completion of progress to date and compensate us for the services rendered, measured in terms of units
installed, hours expended or some other measure of progress. Contract costs include all direct material, labor and
subcontract costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, tools and expendables.
The cost estimates are based on the professional knowledge and experience of the Company s engineers, project managers
and financial professionals. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and others all affect the total estimated costs at
completion. The effects of these changes are recognized in the period in which they occur. Provisions for the total estimated
losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. The current asset  Costs
and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts  represents revenues recognized in excess of
amounts billed for fixed price contracts. The current liability  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
uncompleted contracts  represents billings in excess of revenues recognized for fixed price contracts. Revenue on all
costs plus and time and material contracts are recognized when services are performed or when units are
completed.  

Claims  

Claims are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price that
a contractor seeks to collect from customers or others for customer-caused delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract
terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and price, or other causes of unanticipated additional costs.
The Company records revenue on claims that have a high probability of success. Revenue from a claim is recorded only to the extent
that contract costs relating to the claim have been incurred. 

Self
Insurance   

The Company has
its workers compensation, general liability and auto insurance through a captive insurance company. While the Company
believes that this arrangement has been very beneficial in reducing and stabilizing insurance costs the Company does have to
maintain a restricted cash account to guarantee payments of premiums. That restricted account had a balance of $1.6 million
as of September 30, 2016, which is in  Prepaid expenses and other  on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Should the captive experience severe losses over an extended period, it could have a detrimental effect on the
Company.  

Advertising  

All advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Total advertising
expense was $81,000 and $40,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Stock Compensation Plans  

The Company has issued restricted stock under its Long-Term
Incentive Plan. The Company accounts for its equity based compensation as prescribed by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
for share-based payments. The Company has adopted a fair value based method of accounting for employee equity based plans, whereby
compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the service period,
which is usually the vesting period. As a result, compensation expense relating to stock compensation plans will be reflected in
net income as part of  Salaries and employee benefits  on the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively, $0 and $0 was recognized as compensation expense. 

Income Taxes  

The Company and all subsidiaries file a consolidated federal
and various state income tax returns on a fiscal year basis. With few exceptions, the company is no longer subject to U.S. federal,
state, or local income tax examinations for years ending prior to September 30, 2009. The Company follows the liability method
of accounting for income taxes in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded for future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the underlying
assets or liabilities are recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. U.S. GAAP also prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies
should recognize, measure, present and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or to be taken on a
tax return. 

Earnings Per Common Share  

Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the year, and diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the year adjusted for all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents, except in cases where
the effect of the common stock equivalent would be anti-dilutive. 

Collective Bargaining Agreements   

Certain Energy Services subsidiaries are party to collective
bargaining agreements with unions representing certain of their employees. The agreements require such subsidiaries to pay specified
wages and provide certain benefits to the union employees. These agreements expire at various times and have typically been renegotiated
and renewed on terms that are similar to the ones contained in the expiring agreements. 

Under certain collective bargaining agreements, the applicable
Energy Services subsidiary is required to make contributions to multi-employer pension plans. If the subsidiary were to cease participation
in one or more of these plans, a liability could potentially be assessed related to any underfunding of these plans. The amount
of such assessment, were one to be made, cannot be reasonably estimated. 

Litigation Costs  

The Company reserves when it is probable that a liability has
been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Litigation costs are expensed as incurred. 

Reclassifications  

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year end financial
statements to conform to the classification adopted of the current year. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ).  ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with
customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts
are within the scope of other standards (e.g., insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition
requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance, and creates a Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. With the amendments in ASU 2015-14, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will not have a material impact on its financial
statements or disclosure. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 is effective for public business entities
for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.
ASU 2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and
noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities
as noncurrent. The Company expects that the adoption of ASU 2015-17 will not have a material impact on its financial statements
or disclosure. 

3.    DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS    

Due to organizational changes and operating
losses incurred in fiscal year 2012, the Company decided to discontinue the operations of the wholly owned subsidiary S.T. Pipeline,
Inc. The Company liquidated the assets of S.T. Pipeline on May 14, 2013. The net proceeds of $7,233,913 went to a designated bank
group to reduce the balance on the Company s Line of Credit (LOC) and term note balances. 

The operating results for S.T. Pipeline,
Inc. for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

2016       
     2015     

Revenue    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Cost of revenues    
        -       
        -     

Gross profit from discontinued operations    
        -       
        -     

Selling and administrative expenses    
        -       
        -     
 
     Income from discontinued operations    
        -       
        -     

Other income (expense)    

Other nonoperating income    
        -       
        -     
 
     Loss on sale of equipment    
        -       
        -     

-       
        -     

Income before income taxes    
        -       
        -     
 
     Income tax benefit    
        -       
        (26,340  )  
 
     Net income from discontinued operations    
     $  -       
     $  26,340     

The following table shows the components
of asset and liabilities that are classified as discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated balances sheets for
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

At September 30, 2015, the Company had $1.7 million in deferred
tax assets related to the discontinued operation. Of that amount, $1.0 million related to federal net operating loss carry forwards
and $691,000 related to the amortization of impaired goodwill. The deferred tax asset for discontinued operations increased by
$522,000 during fiscal year 2015 due to a reclassification related to federal net operating loss (NOL) carry-forwards from the
parent company. The need for reclassification became apparent in the Company s second quarter ended March 31, 2015 after
the NOL carry-forwards from the fiscal year 2014 tax estimate entry were compared to the consolidated federal income tax return
for fiscal year 2014. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had reclassed the deferred
tax asset from the discontinued operation to continuing operations as the Company files a consolidated federal income tax return
and has exhausted all federal net operating loss carry forwards during fiscal year 2016. The amount of deferred tax assets reclassed
to continuing operations at September 30, 2016 was $580,000, which related to the amortization of impaired goodwill. 

The $29,000 in accrued expenses and other current liabilities
at September 30, 2016 represents a reserve for any unexpected expenses that may be incurred by the discontinued operation. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company had paid all debts known to exist to the unsecured creditors of the discontinued operation. 

Cash flows from discontinued operations for years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

Continuing cash flows are expected to be generated through December
31, 2016. 

4.    GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS    

A summary of changes in the Company s goodwill is as follows: 

In the fourth fiscal quarter of 2012, the Company recorded a
goodwill impairment charge of $36.9 million, which represented the entire amount of goodwill carried on the Company s balance
sheet. The Company determined that its goodwill was impaired largely due to lower revenue and profitability associated with the
Company s long term financial forecasts. The Company measured the amount of impairment by calculating the amount by which
the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair value which was based on projected discounted cash flows (level 3). 

The fair value measurements were calculated using unobservable
inputs, using a weighted average of the discounted cash flow approach and two market approach analyses. The amount and timing of
future free cash flows was based on current operational budgets and long range strategic plans. The Company used the assistance
of third party specialists to develop valuation assumptions. The Company s operating losses in fiscal years 2011 and 2012
and the Forbearance Agreement existing at that time were considered in the cash flow analysis. 

5.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE     

Activity in the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts
consists of the following: 

6.    UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS    

Costs, estimated earnings, and billings on uncompleted contracts
are summarized as follows: 

The Company does not have any claims receivable as of September
30, 2016. Claims receivable is a component of cost and estimated earnings in excess of billing. 

8.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    

Property and Equipment consists of the following: 

9.    SHORT-TERM DEBT    

Short-term debt consists of the following: 

Effective February 27, 2016, the Company established a
$15.0 million line of credit with United Bank, Inc. This agreement replaced the $10.0 million line of credit dated
February 27, 2015 between the Company and United Bank, Inc. The interest rate on the line of credit is the  Wall
Street Journal  Prime Rate (the index) with a floor of 6.0%. Cash available under the line is calculated based on a
percentage of the accounts receivable with certain exclusions. Major items excluded from the calculation are certain
percentages of receivables from bonded jobs and retainage as well as all items greater than one hundred twenty (120) days
old. At September 30, 2016 the Company had borrowed $6.0 million against the line of credit. The line of credit matures on
February 27, 2017, but the Company expects the line of credit will be renewed annually. At September 30, 2015, the Company
had borrowed $4.5 million against the previous line or credit. 

The Company also finances insurance policy premiums on a short-term
basis through a financing company. These insurance policies include: workers  compensation, general liability, automobile,
umbrella, and equipment policies. It is typical that the Company makes a down payment in January and finances the remaining premium
amount over nine or ten monthly payments. In January 2016, The Company financed $2.3 million in insurance premium policies. At
September 30, 2016, the balance of the remaining premiums to be paid was $233,000. 

10.    SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM
                                         DEBT    

A summary of short-term and
long-term debt as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Future expected payments due on long-term debt are as follows: 

The components of income taxes are as follows: 

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed
by applying the federal statutory rate of 34% on income from operations, as indicated in the following analysis: 

Deferred income taxes provide for significant differences between
the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax reporting. A valuation allowance is established when
necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

The income tax effects of temporary differences giving rise
to the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

In fiscal year 2012, the
Company established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets to offset a significant portion of the Company s
federal and state tax net operating loss (NOL) benefits that were not expected to be used in future years due to the Going Concern
opinion. With the Company s improved financial condition in fiscal year 2014 and projections that NOL carry forwards would
continue to be used, the Company reversed a $3.5 million valuation allowance that previously existed. This resulted in the $2.3
million tax benefit recognized in fiscal year 2014. At September 30, 2014, the Company had tax assets related to federal NOL carry
forwards valued at $2.7 million with no federal NOL valuation allowance remaining. At September 30, 2015, the Company had tax assets
related to federal NOL carry forwards valued at $1.1 million. At September 30, 2016, the Company had exhausted all tax assets related
to federal NOL carry forwards.   

The Company had a NOL carry forward for federal income tax purposes
at September 30, 2014 of $7.7 million available to offset future taxable income. In fiscal year 2015, $4.5 million of taxable income
was applied to NOL carry forwards, decreasing the carry forward to $3.2 million. In fiscal year 2016, $6.0 million of taxable income
was applied, exhausting all NOL carry forwards. 

The Company does not believe that it has any unrecognized tax
benefits included in its consolidated financial statements that require recognition. The Company has not had any settlements in
the current period with taxing authorities, nor has it recognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute
of limitations. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits, if applicable, in general
and administrative expenses. 

Earnings per share for the years ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 are as follow: 

At the annual meeting of the shareholders on November 19, 2008
the shareholders approved the establishment of an employee stock purchase plan. The stock purchase plan authorizes the issuance
of up to 1,200,000 shares of common stock for purchase by eligible employees. A participant s stock purchased during a calendar
year may not exceed the lesser of (a) a percentage of the participant s compensation or a total amount as specified by the
compensation committee of the Board, or (b) $25,000. The stock will be offered at a purchase price of at least 85% of its fair
market value on the date of purchase. The major plan provisions cover the purposes of the plan, effective date and duration, administration,
eligibility, stock type, stock purchase limitations, price of stock, participation election, payroll deductions, payment for stock,
date of purchase, termination of agreement, termination of employment, recapitalization, change of control, assignability, Stockholder
rights, compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 423, amendment and termination, application of funds, tax withholdings, governing
laws, employment at will and arbitration. There have been no agreements with any employees made under this plan as of the year
ended September 30, 2016. 

14 .   LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN    

At the annual meeting of the shareholders on August 11, 2010,
the shareholders approved the Energy Services of America Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ), to provide
employees and directors of Energy Services of America Corporation (the  Company ) with additional incentives to promote
the growth and performance of the Company. At September 30, 2011, future awards of 1,149,000 shares could be made under the plan. 

On August 11, 2010, a total of 51,000 shares were granted to
six officers of the Company at a grant date fair value per share of $4.22. These grants vested over a period of three years. Market
value of the grants was $215,220 and was recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. For the years ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, $0 and $0 were recognized as compensation expense and $0 and $0 as deferred tax benefit as a result
of these grants. The holders of the restricted stock do not receive dividends and do not have the right to vote the shares. All
stock grants have vested or been forfeited as of September 30, 2016. 

15.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

We intend that all transactions between us and our executive
officers, directors, holders of 10% or more of the shares of any class of our common stock and affiliates thereof, will be on terms
no less favorable than those terms given to unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent outside
directors not having any interest in the transaction. 

Prior to a $1,163,000 refinancing agreement with United Bank,
Inc. on September 16, 2015, the Company had a five year term note agreement with First Guaranty Bank, Hammond, Louisiana. Mr. Marshall
Reynolds is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bank and owns greater than 10% of the common stock of First
Guaranty Bank s holding company, First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. In addition, Messrs. Douglas Reynolds and Jack Reynolds,
the sons of Marshall Reynolds, are also significant stockholders of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. The largest aggregate amount
of principal outstanding of the loan was $1,644,690. As of September 16, 2015, we have paid approximately $482,000 in principal
and approximately $88,000 in interest since the beginning of the loan, January 31, 2014. The interest rate on the loan was 3.55%.  

On December 16, 2014, the Company s Nitro Electric subsidiary
entered into a 20 year $1.2 million loan agreement with First Bank of Charleston, Inc. (West Virginia) to purchase the office building
and property it had previously been leasing for $6,300 monthly. Mr. Douglas Reynolds, President of Energy Services, is a director
and secretary of First Bank of Charleston. Mr. Nester Logan and Mr. Samuel Kapourales, directors of Energy Services, are also directors
of First Bank of Charleston. The interest rate on the new loan agreement is 4.75% with monthly payments of $7,800. As of September
30, 2016, we have paid approximately $65,000 in principal and approximately $99,000 in interest since the beginning of the loan. 

Other than as disclosed above, there were no transactions. 

Certain Energy Services subsidiaries routinely engage in transactions
in the normal course of business with each other, including sharing employee benefit plan coverage, payment for insurance and other
expenses on behalf of other affiliates, and other services incidental to business of each of the affiliates. All revenue and related
expense transactions, as well as the related accounts payable and accounts receivable have been eliminated. 

The Company leases various equipment and office space under
operating lease agreements with terms up to 60 months, with renewal options of up to an additional 60 months. 

The future minimum lease payments under operating leases as
of September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

Revenues for the year ending September 30, 2016 were $155.5
million. Two major customers, EQT and Marathon Petroleum, accounted for more than 10% each and totaled $55.7 million, which represented
35.8% of revenues for fiscal year 2016. Receivables from two major customers, EQT and Marathon Petroleum, were greater than 10%
individually and totaled $12.5 million, which represented 51.9% of the total receivables at September 30, 2016. 

Revenues for the year ending September 30, 2015 were
$116.8 million. Two major customers, Marathon Petroleum and Rice Energy, accounted for more than 10% each and totaled $43.7
million, which represented 37.4% of revenues for fiscal year 2015. Receivables from two major customers, Marathon Petroleum
and Rice Energy, were greater than 10% each and totaled $10.1 million, which represented 47.1% of the total
receivables at September 30, 2015. 

Virtually all work performed for major customers was awarded
under competitive bid fixed price or unit price arrangements. The loss of a major customer could have a severe impact on the profitability
of operations of the Company. However, due to the nature of the Company s operations, the major customers and sources of
revenues may change from year to year. 

18.    RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS    

In 2016 and 2015, C. J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc., maintained
a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan for union employees. Employees can contribute up to 15% of eligible wages, provided the
compensation deferred for a plan year did not exceed the indexed dollar amount set by the Internal Revenue Service which was $18,000
for 2016 and $18,000 for 2015. C. J. Hughes matches $0.25 on each dollar contributed up to 6% of eligible wages. C. J. Hughes contributed
$4,925 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 to the union plan. Additionally, each plan year, C. J. Hughes may make a discretionary
profit-sharing contribution for participants who are actively employed on the last day of the plan year. No discretionary profit-sharing
contribution was made for the 2016 or 2015 plan year. 

Effective January 1, 2010, Energy Services of America became
the successor plan sponsor of the C. J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. 401(k) Plan for non-union employees. The Plan was renamed
the Energy Services of America Staff Retirement Plan. The four wholly owned subsidiaries, C. J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc.,
Nitro Electric Company, Inc., Contractors Rental Corporation, and ST Pipeline adopted the Plan on behalf of their non-union employees. 

Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan upon completion
of six months of service, but must wait until a quarterly entry to join the Plan. The Plan was last restated as of January 1, 2015,
and the corporate trustee is United Bank Inc. Employees may contribute eligible wages up to maximum indexed dollar amount set by
the Internal Revenue Service which was $18,000 for 2016 and $18,000 for 2015. Energy Services may make annual discretionary matching
contributions and/or profit-sharing contributions to the Plan. The matching contribution formula for the 2016 and 2015 Plan year
was $0.25 on each dollar contributed up to 6% of eligible wages. The Company s matching contribution is used by the Plan s
third-party administrator to purchase Energy Services of America stock from the open market. No restrictions on the match exist
after it has been contributed. The match was previously discontinued in January 2013, but was reinstated in April 2014. No profit-sharing
contribution was made for the 2016 or 2015 plan year. 

Energy Services of America and its wholly owned subsidiaries
contributed $64,949 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company contributes to a number of multi-employer defined
benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover its union-represented employees. The risks
of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 

Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may
be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the
plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.    

If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multi-employer
plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal
liability.     

The following table presents our participation in these plans: 

1 The most recent PPA zone status available in 2015 and 2014
is the the plan's year-end during 2015 and 2014, respectively. The zone status is based on information that we received from the
plan and is certified by the plan's actuary. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded,
plans in the orange zone are less than 80 percent funded and have an Accumulated Funding Deficiency in the current year or projected
into the next six years, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80
percent funded. 

2 Indicates whether the plan has a financial improvement plan
( FIP ) or a rehabilitation plan ( RP ) which is either pending or has been implemented. 

The Company currently does not have intentions of withdrawing
from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which it participates. 

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company
to credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and contract receivables. The Company places its cash with high quality
financial institutions. At times, the balances in such institutions may exceed the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 per depositor,
per insured bank, for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance covers all deposit accounts, including: checking accounts,
savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, and certificates of deposit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $4.5 million
of uninsured deposits. 

The
Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customer s financial condition and generally does not require collateral.
Credit losses consistently have been within management s expectations.    

20.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

During the normal course of operations, the companies are subject
to certain subcontractor claims, mechanic s liens, and other litigation. Management is of the opinion that no material obligations
will arise from any pending legal proceedings. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the financial statements for such litigation. 

21.    QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)    

Quarterly financial data for 2016 and 2015 are summarized below: 

22.    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY ONLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION
(Parent Only)  

  BALANCE SHEETS  

  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION
(Parent Only)  

  STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  For the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION
(Parent Only)  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  For the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

<EX-21>
 2
 t1600793_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of
Energy Services of American Corporation 

Name 
       
     State of Incorporation  

C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. 
       
     West Virginia (direct)  

S.T. Pipeline, Inc. 
       
     West Virginia (direct)  

Nitro Electric Company, Inc. (1) 
       
     West Virginia (indirect)  

Contractors Rental Company, Inc. (1) 
       
     West Virginia (indirect)  

(1)  Subsidiary of C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc.   

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 t1600793_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief
Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Douglas
V. Reynolds, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Energy Services of America Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;   

/s/ Douglas V. Reynolds 

Date:  December 15, 2016 
     Douglas V. Reynolds 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 t1600793_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief
Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Charles
P. Crimmel, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Energy Services of America Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;   

/s/ Charles P. Crimmel 

Date:  December 15, 2016 
     Charles P. Crimmel 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 t1600793_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Douglas V. Reynolds,
President and Chief Executive Officer and Charles P. Crimmel, Chief Financial Officer of Energy Services of America Corporation
(the  Company ) each certify in their capacity as officers of the Company that they have reviewed the annual report
of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and that to the best of their knowledge: 

1.  the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and   

2.  the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  December 15, 2016 
     /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds 

Douglas V. Reynolds 

Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  December 15, 2016 
     /s/Charles P. Crimmel 

Charles P. Crimmel 

Chief Financial Officer 

The purpose of this statement
is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Energy Services of America Corporation and will be retained
by Energy Services of America Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 esoa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 esoa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 esoa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 esoa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 esoa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 esoa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

