<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1615063_0001144204-16-133410_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2536577</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132248</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>670960</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>374508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>799204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>519930</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133410.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110172844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133410
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615063
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				471025534
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36689
		FILM NUMBER:		161989276

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-520-6607

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133410.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v451695_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

For the transition period from  __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 001-36689 

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       47-1025534    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       Identification Number)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:    (646) 565-3861  

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x  
 No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes 
  x     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer    x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
       
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes  
  x     No       

As of November 4, 2016, there were 6,584,608 shares of the Company s
common stock issued and outstanding.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I.  
        FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION    
      4   

ITEM 1.  
        FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS    
      4   

Condensed
    Balance Sheets    
      4   

Condensed
    Statements of Operations    
      5   

Condensed
    Statements of Cash Flows    
      6   

Notes
    to Condensed Financial Statements    
      7   

ITEM 2.  
        MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
      17   

ITEM 3.  
        QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
      21   

ITEM 4.  
        CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES    
      21   

PART II.  
        OTHER
    INFORMATION    
      21   

ITEM 1.  
        LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS    
      21   

ITEM 1A.  
        RISK
    FACTORS    
      2 2    

ITEM 2.  
        UNREGISTERED
    SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    
      2 2    

ITEM 3.  
        DEFAULTS
    UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    
      2 2    

ITEM 4.  
        MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES    
      2 2    

ITEM 5.  
        OTHER
    INFORMATION    
      2 2    

ITEM 6.  
        EXHIBITS    
      2 2    

SIGNATURES    
      23   

Definition of Terms  

References in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to  we,   us  or the  Company  refer to Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. References
to our  management  or our  management team  refer to our officers and directors, and references to  Sponsors 
refer to Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC (the  Hydra Sponsor ) and MIHI LLC (the  Macquarie Sponsor ). The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this
Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect,   believe, 
 anticipate,   intend,   estimate,   seek  and variations and similar words and
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or
future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

4  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

5  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

6  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS  

Hydra Industries Acquisition
Corp. (the  Company ) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on May 30, 2014. The Company was formed for
the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization
or other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses or assets ( Business Combination ). 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 related to the Company s formation,
its Initial Public Offering, which is described below, identifying a target company and engaging in due diligence for, and negotiating
the terms of, a potential Business Combination. 

The registration statement
for the Company s initial public offering (the  Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective on October 24,
2014. The Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,000,000 units ( Units ) at $10.00 per unit on October
29, 2014, generating gross proceeds of $80,000,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 7,500,000 warrants ( Private
Placement Warrants ) at a price of $0.50 per warrant to certain of the Company s stockholders, generating gross proceeds
of $3,750,000, which is described in Note 5. 

Transaction costs
amounted to $5,223,296, inclusive of $2,000,000 of underwriting fees, $2,800,000 of deferred underwriting fees (which are held
in the Trust Account (defined below)) and $423,296 of Initial Public Offering costs. In addition, at October 29, 2014, cash of
$1,326,704 was placed in an account outside of the Trust Account to fund operations. As of September 30, 2016, cash held outside
of the Trust Account amounted to $218,358, which includes proceeds from promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $700,000 (see
Note 6). 

Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on October 29, 2014, an amount of $80,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account ( Trust Account )
and subsequently invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4)
of Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, and will remain invested in U.S. government securities until the earlier of: (i) the consummation
of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

As more fully described
in Note 10, on October 27, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment (the  Charter Amendment ) to
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination
from October 29, 2016 to December 29, 2016. There were 3,415,392 shares of common stock redeemed in connection with the Charter
Amendment for an aggregate value of $34,153,920. In addition, on November 1, 2016, the Sponsors (defined below), or their affiliates,
deposited into the Trust Account an amount equal to $229,230, or $0.05 for each of the 4,584,608 public shares that were not redeemed
in connection with the Charter Amendment. As a result of the contribution by the Sponsors (which is evidenced by a promissory note,
see Note 10), and following the redemption of the common stock in connection with the Charter Amendment, the pro rata portion of
the funds available in the Trust Account for shares not so redeemed increased from approximately $10.00 per share to approximately
$10.05 per share. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and
Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. The Company s securities are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ). Pursuant
to the NASDAQ listing rules, the Company s Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective
fair market value is equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for such Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company, after
signing a definitive agreement for the acquisition of one or more target businesses or assets, may either (i) seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares,
regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination or (ii) provide its stockholders with the opportunity to
sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote). Stockholder approval
will be sought by the Company if required by law or applicable stock exchange rule or for business or other legal reasons. In the
event of a proposed merger of the Company with a target company, stockholder approval is required by Delaware law. Further, under
the NASDAQ listing rules, stockholder approval is required, if, for example, (a) the Company will issue common stock that will
be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of its common stock outstanding, (b) any of the Company s directors,
officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have
a 10% or greater interest), directly, or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5% or more, or
(c) the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in a change of control of the Company. The Business Combination
must be approved by the board of directors. In addition, the Company s Business Combination must be approved by MIHI LLC
(the  Macquarie sponsor ) as a condition to the Contingent Forward Purchase Contract (as described in Note 7). In the
event that the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares that are voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. In connection
with such vote, the Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of the Company s common
stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination for a pro-rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
$10.00 per share (see Note 10), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to pay taxes). However, in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets
to be less than $5,000,001. Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC (the  Hydra sponsor ) and the Macquarie sponsor (together
with the Hydra sponsor, the  Sponsors ) and the other initial stockholders of the Company have agreed, in the event
the Company is required to seek stockholder approval of its Business Combination, to vote their founders shares (as defined in
Note 6) and any public shares purchased, in favor of approving a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption
rights, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection
with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a  group  (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to an aggregate of 25% or more of
the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering.  

7  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months (subject to extension) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
(the  Combination Period ) (see Note 10), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding
up its affairs; (ii) distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including a portion of the interest
earned thereon (net of any taxes payable, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to the Company s
public stockholders by way of redemption of the Company s public shares (which redemption would completely extinguish such
holders  rights as stockholders, including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as
promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets to its remaining
stockholders, as part of the Company s plan of dissolution and liquidation. 

The initial stockholders
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and (iii) upon the Company s
liquidation upon the expiration of the Combination Period. However, if the Company s initial stockholders should acquire
public shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to such public shares
if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive
their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the
Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company s public shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets)
will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit in the Initial Public Offering ($10.00 per share). A. Lorne Weil,
the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the managing member of the Hydra sponsor, has agreed that he will
be liable to the Company, and the Macquarie sponsor has agreed to indemnify Mr. Weil for 50% of any such liability, if and to the
extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00
per share or such lesser amount per share of Common Stock held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets other than due to the failure to obtain such waiver, in each case net of
the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ). 

The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that Mr. Weil will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors and the provider of the Company s directors 
and officers  liability insurance), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

NOTE 2. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had $218,358 in its operating bank accounts, $80,017,988 in cash and securities held in the Trust Account to
be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or convert its common stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit
of $4,235,883. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $18,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest
income, which is available to be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations. Since inception, the Company has withdrawn
approximately $104,000 in interest income from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. 

8  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Until the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to acquire, structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination and paying for public company expenses. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company used cash of $842,379 in operating activities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
current liabilities of $4,477,991, primarily representing amounts owed to lawyers, accountants and consultants who have advised
the Company on matters related to potential Business Combinations. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to
make payment in full of the amounts due to said advisors. Funds in the Trust Account are not available for this purpose absent
an initial Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated, the Company would lack the resources to pay all
of the liabilities that have been incurred by the Company to date or after and the Company may lack the resources needed to consummate
another Business Combination. The Company entered into fee arrangements with certain service providers and advisors in connection
with a potential Business Combination ( Terminated Business Combination ) pursuant to which certain fees were deferred
and payable only if the Company consummated such Terminated Business Combination (see Note 7). Effective October 26, 2015, all
efforts related to such Terminated Business Combination were terminated and, accordingly, all deferred contingent fees related
to such Terminated Business Combination that had been previously incurred are no longer due or payable. There can be no assurances
that the Company will complete a Business Combination. The Company has entered into fee arrangements with certain service providers
and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by the Company in connection with the Inspired Business Combination will be
deferred and become payable only if the Company consummates the Inspired Business Combination. If the Inspired Business Combination
does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay these contingent fees (see Note 7). 

The Company may need
to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsors, stockholders, officers, directors, or third
parties. On March 16, 2016, the Sponsors loaned the Company $250,000 each and on September 29, 2016, the Sponsors loaned the Company
an additional $100,000 each, for a total aggregate amount of $700,000, to fund its expenses prior to a Business Combination (see
Note 6). In addition, the Company s officers, directors and Sponsors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds,
from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s
working capital needs. 

Other than as described
above, none of the Sponsors, stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties, are under any obligation to advance funds to,
or to invest in, the Company. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable
to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not
necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article
10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Certain information or footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management,
the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which
are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 as filed with the SEC, which contains the audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with Management's Discussion
and Analysis. The financial information as of December 31, 2015 is derived from the audited financial statements presented in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The interim results for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future interim
periods. 

9  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Use of estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company
did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account  

The amounts held in
the Trust Account represent substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets
since such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September
30, 2016, cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account consisted of $80,017,988 in United States Treasury Bills with
a maturity date of 180 days or less. 

Common stock subject to possible redemption  

The Company accounts
for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified
as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders  equity. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders  equity
section of the Company s balance sheet. 

Net loss per share  

The Company complies
with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Shares of common stock
subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share since
such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered
the effect of warrants to purchase 7,875,000 shares of common stock and rights that convert into 800,000 shares of common stock
in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into shares of
common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss
per share for the periods presented. 

Income taxes  

The Company complies
with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts,
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from
its position. 

The Company is subject
to income tax examinations by various taxing authorities since its inception. These potential examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state
tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change
over the next twelve months. 

10  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The Company s
policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense.
There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of September 30, 2016. Management is currently unaware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. 

Concentration of credit risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The fair value of
the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets,
primarily due to their short-term nature. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is
substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each
reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The
amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim
periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15 as of January
1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. 

NOTE 4. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING  

On October 29, 2014,
the Company sold 8,000,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit in its Initial Public Offering. Each Unit consists of one
share of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value ( Common Stock ), one right ( Public Right )
and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant ( Public Warrant ). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company did not register the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. However, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file within
15 business days of the closing of a Business Combination and have an effective registration statement within 60 business days
of the closing of a Business Combination covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to
maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Common Stock until the earlier of the date the Public Warrants expire
or are redeemed and, the date on which all of the Public Warrants have been exercised and to qualify the resale of such shares
under state blue sky laws, to the extent an exemption is not available. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half
share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.75 ($11.50 per whole share). The Public Warrants may be exercised only for a whole
number of shares of Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) 12 months from the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the consummation of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Public Warrants will be redeemable by the Company at a price of $0.01 per warrant
upon 30 days  prior written notice after the Public Warrants become exercisable, only in the event that the last sale price
of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third
trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants unless an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption
right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a  cashless basis.  In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Public
Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrants
and the  fair market value  by (y) the fair market value. The  fair market value  shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. 

11  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 5. PRIVATE PLACEMENT  

Simultaneously with
the Initial Public Offering, Mr. Weil, the Macquarie sponsor and Martin E. Schloss, the Company s Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary, purchased an aggregate of 7,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($3,750,000
in the aggregate) in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one-half share of Common Stock
at $5.75 per half share. The Private Placement Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants. The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants
was added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used, in part, to
fund the redemption of the Company s public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 

The Sponsors have
agreed that the Private Placement Warrants and the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days following consummation of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited
exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or such purchasers  permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or such purchasers  permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, then the proceeds
will be part of the liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Founder Shares  

On July 11, 2014,
the Company issued 2,875,000 shares of Common Stock to the Sponsors, of which an aggregate of 575,000 shares were returned to the
Company and subsequently cancelled (the  founder shares ) on October 24, 2014, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000.
As a result of the underwriters  determination not to exercise their over-allotment option, an additional 300,000 founder
shares were forfeited. The founder shares are identical to the shares of Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering, except that (1) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below,
and (2) the Company s initial stockholders have agreed: (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, the Company s
initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares they hold by way of public market
purchase if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within such time period. If the Company submits a Business Combination
to its public stockholders for a vote, the initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased in favor of a Business Combination. 

The Company s
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (1)
one year after a Business Combination or (2) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other
similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property (the  Lock Up Period ). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the last sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business
Combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Convertible Promissory Notes  

On March 16, 2016,
the Company entered into convertible promissory notes with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors loaned the Company an aggregate of
$500,000 (the  Convertible Promissory Notes ) in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination.
The Convertible Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, and due on the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination.
In the event that a Business Combination does not occur, the Sponsors would become general unsecured creditors of the Company.
Each of the Convertible Promissory Notes are convertible, in whole or in part, at the election of the Sponsor holding such note,
upon the consummation of a Business Combination. Upon such election, the Convertible Promissory Notes will convert into warrants,
at a price of $0.50 per warrant. These warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As such, each warrant is exercisable
for one-half of one share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share. 

12  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The Convertible Promissory
Notes were issued pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2014, by and among the Company and the
Sponsors, pursuant to which each Sponsor committed to fund up to $250,000 to the Company for the Company s expenses relating
to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements. In the event that the Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. 

As of September 30, 2016, $500,000 was
outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Notes. 

Promissory Notes   Non-Convertible  

On September 29, 2016,
the Company entered into non-convertible promissory notes with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors loaned the Company an aggregate
of $200,000 (the  Promissory Notes ) in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination.
The Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, and payable as promptly as possible upon the consummation of a Business Combination
by the Company, in accordance with the documents setting out the terms of its Initial Public Offering, but in no event later than
thirty (30) days after the date of such consummation. As of September 30, 2016, $200,000 was outstanding under the Promissory Notes. 

NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS   CONTINGENCIES  

Terminated Transaction Fee Arrangements  

The Company entered
into fee arrangements with certain service providers and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by the Company in connection
with a Terminated Business Combination would be deferred and become payable only if the Company consummated such Terminated Business
Combination. If the Terminated Business Combination did not occur, the Company would not be required to pay these contingent fees.
Effective October 26, 2015, all efforts related to such Terminated Business Combination were terminated and, accordingly, all contingent
fees that had been previously incurred are no longer due or payable. 

Potential Transaction Fee Arrangements  

The Company has entered
into fee arrangements with certain service providers and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by the Company in connection
with the Inspired Business Combination will be deferred and become payable only if the Company consummates the Inspired Business
Combination. If the Inspired Business Combination does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay these contingent fees.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company incurred approximately $1,300,000 of fees, of which approximately $650,000 is included in
accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet and $973,000 has not been accrued since it is
contingent upon the closing of the Inspired Business Combination. A portion of the contingent fees that have not been accrued as
of September 30, 2016, amounting to $323,000, are subject to an agreement between the Company and its advisor, pursuant to which
the Company has agreed to pay 150% of fees incurred upon closing of the Inspired Business Combination. The Company anticipates
incurring a significant amount of additional costs in connection with the Inspired Business Combination. There can be no assurances
that the Company will complete this or any other Business Combination. 

Administrative Services Agreement  

The Company entered
into an Administrative Services Agreement commencing on October 24, 2014 pursuant to which the Company pays an affiliate of the
Hydra Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon the completion of a Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company paid $30,000 in fees
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and paid $90,000 in fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

Contingent Forward Purchase Contract  

On October 24, 2014,
the Macquarie sponsor entered into a contingent forward purchase contract with the Company (the  Contingent Forward Purchase
Contract ) to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of approximately $20,000,000 to occur concurrently with
the consummation of the Business Combination, 2,000,000 Units on the same terms as the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering at $10.00 per Unit (which includes 2,000,000 rights which will be exchanged for 200,000 shares of Common Stock) ( Private
Placement Units ), and 500,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock on the same terms as the sale of the founder shares
to the Sponsors prior to the Initial Public Offering ( Private Placement Shares ). The funds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units and the Private Placement Shares will be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the Business Combination;
any excess funds from the Private Placement Units will be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. This commitment
is independent of the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their public shares. 

13  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

As a closing condition
to the Contingent Forward Purchase Contract, the Company has agreed not to consummate a Business Combination without the Macquarie
sponsor s consent; provided, however, that if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, and the Company s board of directors (other than the Macquarie sponsor designee) unanimously votes in favor of a
proposed Business Combination and the Macquarie sponsor decides to withhold its vote on the Business Combination, the Macquarie
sponsor will be, subject to customary conditions, obligated to pay a $740,000 fee to the Hydra sponsor. In such event, the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Macquarie sponsor withholds consent to
consummate a Business Combination because of regulatory reasons or the Business Combination involves a competitor to the Macquarie
sponsor, its affiliates, or an entity in which the Macquarie sponsor or an affiliate has an equity interest, then the Macquarie
sponsor is not obligated to pay the $740,000 fee, the Company may proceed with such Business Combination, the Macquarie sponsor
will be permitted to sell its Private Placement Warrants and founder shares (provided that the transferee agrees to be bound by
the transfer restrictions, lock-up provisions, registration rights, voting obligations and other such restrictions and rights of
the transferred Private Placement Warrants and founder shares), the Hydra sponsor will use its best efforts to facilitate a sale
of the Macquarie sponsor s Private Placement Warrants and founder shares, and the term of the Macquarie sponsor s nominee
for the Board of Directors will automatically terminate and such board seat will remain vacant until filled by a successor duly
appointed by the Hydra sponsor. The Macquarie Sponsor has approved the Inspired Business Combination, more fully discussed below. 

Right of First Refusal  

Pursuant to an agreement
dated October 24, 2014, the Company has granted Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. ( Macquarie Capital ), an affiliate of
the Macquarie sponsor, a right of first refusal for a period of 36 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to provide
certain financial advisory, underwriting, capital raising, and other services for which they may receive fees. The amount of fees
the Company pays to Macquarie Capital will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services rendered by global full-service
investment banks for such transactions, and will be subject to the review of the Company s Audit Committee pursuant to the
Audit Committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Transaction Services Agreement  

In connection with
the Inspired Business Combination, pursuant to the right of first refusal agreement entered into on October 24, 2014 noted above,
the Company entered into a transaction services agreement with Macquarie Capital dated June 21, 2016, pursuant to which Macquarie
Capital will provide advisory services to the Company in connection with the Inspired Business Combination. The
Company has agreed to pay Macquarie Capital a fee of $3,150,000, payable only upon the consummation of the Inspired Business Combination
and a fee equal to 10% of fees, net of any expenses incurred by the Company in conjunction with the Inspired Business Combination,
received by the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination or abandonment of the Inspired Business Combination. 

Registration Rights  

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on October 24, 2014 with the Company s initial stockholders and purchasers of the Private Placement
Warrants and the Contingent Forward Purchase Contract, the Company is required to register certain securities for sale under the
Securities Act. Each of the sponsors will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that
the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for
resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have  piggy-back  registration
rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. However, the registration rights agreement
provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination
of the applicable Lock Up Period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Underwriting Agreement  

The underwriters were
entitled to an underwriting discount of up to 6.0%, of which two and one-half percent (2.5%), or $2,000,000, was paid in cash at
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 29, 2014, and up to three and one-half percent (3.5%), or $2,800,000, has
been deferred. The deferred fee will be payable in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Inspired Business Combination  

On July 13, 2016,
the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire London based Inspired Gaming Group and its affiliates (the  Inspired
Group ) from funds managed by Vitruvian Partners LLP (a London headquartered private equity firm) and its co-investors. 

The Share Sale Agreement,
dated as of July 13, 2016, by and among the Company, the Vendors named on Schedule 1 thereto, DMWSL 633 Limited ( Target
Parent ), DMWSL 632 Limited and Gaming Acquisitions Limited (the  Sale Agreement ), provides for the acquisition
by the Company from the Vendors of all of the equity and shareholder loan notes of Target Parent and the Inspired Group (the  Inspired
Business Combination ). 

14  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The Sale Agreement
reflects a transaction value for the Inspired Business Combination of  200 million/$264 million, plus an earn-out of up to
$25 million (up to 2.5 million of the Company s shares), expected to represent approximately  96 million/$126 million
of equity value after adjusting for the maintenance of debt and certain other liabilities (the foregoing conversions from GBP to
USD are based on the current USD/GBP exchange rate of $1.32/ 1.00 as of July 13, 2016. Although equivalent amounts are also
expressed in both UK pounds and US dollars, the payments will be made in UK pounds in the amounts stated.). Exclusive of the potential
earn-out, the consideration to be paid for the equity and shareholder loan notes of the Target Parent and the Inspired Group will
be the aggregate of the Base Consideration (as defined below),  less  a fixed amount of Accruing Negative Consideration ( 21,500
per day from but excluding July 2, 2016 through and including the closing of the Inspired Business Combination). 

The  Base Consideration 
to be paid for the equity and shareholder loan notes pursuant to the Sale Agreement will equal (i)  100,363,394/$132,479,680,
 plus  (ii) any amount by which the Company s transaction expenses ( Purchaser Costs ) referred to in Schedule
6 to the Sale Agreement exceeds  8,237,909/$10,874,040,  minus  (iii) certain expenses of the Vendors noticed by the
Institutional Vendors  Representative, not to exceed  3,000,000/$3,960,000,  minus  (iv) certain excess interest
payments owing on the Inspired Group s existing financing arrangements. 

The Vendors will be
paid the Base Consideration, adjusted for the Accruing Negative Consideration (the  Completion Payment ), partially
in cash (the  Cash Consideration ), to the extent available after the payment of transaction expenses and working
capital adjustments, if any, and partially in newly-issued shares of Company common stock ( Purchaser Shares ) at a
value of $10.00 per share (the  Stock Consideration ), as follows: 

a.  
      The Cash Consideration represents the cash the Company will have available at closing to pay the Completion Payment. The Cash Consideration will equal (i) the Company s current cash in trust, the $20 million proceeds of a private placement to Macquarie Capital, and any other available funds,  minus  (ii) an agreed amount of Purchaser Costs (including expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of the proxy statement and meetings with the Company s stockholders),  minus  (iii) an agreed amount of the Vendors  transaction expenses,  minus  (iv) the amount of repayment required under certain of the Inspired Group s financing arrangements,  minus  (v)  5 million for the purposes of retaining cash on the Company s balance sheet.   

b.  
      The Stock Consideration will equal the Completion Payment minus the Cash Consideration, divided by $10.00 per share.   

The earn-out payment
of up to $25,000,000 (the  Earn-out Consideration ) shall be paid to the Vendors exclusively in Purchaser Shares and
will be determined based on Inspired s performance in certain jurisdictions through September 30, 2018 pursuant to a formula
set forth in Schedule 5 to the Sale Agreement. 

The consummation of
the Inspired Business Combination is conditioned upon the approval of the Company s stockholders, certain regulatory approvals
pertaining to the gaming industry and other customary closing conditions. 

NOTE 8. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Preferred Stock  
  The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share in one or
more series. The Company s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers,
preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock  
  The Company is authorized to issue 29,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of
the Company s Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each common share. At September 30, 2016, there were 3,203,303 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding (excluding 6,796,697 shares of Common Stock subject to possible redemption). 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows
the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

15  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The fair value of
the Company s financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1:  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2:  
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   

The following table
presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair
value: 

NOTE 10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company evaluates
subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued
for potential recognition or disclosure. Other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that
would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 

On October 27, 2016,
the Company s stockholders approved the Charter Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business
Combination from October 29, 2016 to December 29, 2016 in order to allow the Company more time to complete the Inspired Business
Combination. There were 3,415,392 shares of common stock redeemed in connection with the Charter Amendment for an aggregate value
of $34,153,920. In addition, on November 1, 2016, the Sponsors, or their affiliates, deposited into the Trust Account an amount
equal to $229,230, or $0.05 for each of the 4,584,608 public shares of the Company that were not redeemed in connection with the
Charter Amendment. As a result of the contribution by the Sponsors, and following the redemption of the common stock in connection
with the Charter Amendment, the pro rata portion of the funds available in the Trust Account for shares not so redeemed increased
from approximately $10.00 per share to approximately $10.05 per share. 

On November 1, 2016,
the Company entered into non-convertible promissory notes with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors loaned the Company an aggregate
of $229,230 (the  Contribution Promissory Notes ) in order to fund the amounts deposited into the Trust Account for
the public shares that were not redeemed in connection with the Charter Amendment. The Contribution Promissory Notes are non-interest
bearing, and payable as promptly as possible upon the consummation of a Business Combination by the Company, in accordance with
the documents setting out the terms of its Initial Public Offering, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the date
of such consummation. 

As disclosed in the
Company s Preliminary Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on September 19, 2016, the Company intends to increase the number
of shares authorized common stock from 29,000,000 to 49,000,000. 

16  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Overview  

We are a blank check company incorporated
on May 30, 2014 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses
or assets. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and a sale
of warrants in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering, our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our
stock in a Business Combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of existing stockholders;    

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred
stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;    

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares
of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;    

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control
of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and    

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock,
rights and/or warrants.    

Similarly, if we issue debt securities,
it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets
if our cash flows after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;    

acceleration of our obligations to repay
the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance
of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of such covenants;    

our immediate repayment of all principal
and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;    

our inability to obtain necessary additional
financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;    

our inability to pay dividends on our
common stock;    

using a substantial portion of our cash
flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock, if declared,
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;    

limitations on our flexibility in planning
for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;    

increased vulnerability to adverse changes
in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and    

limitations on our ability to borrow additional
amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes
and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.    

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments  

On July 13, 2016, we entered into a definitive
agreement to acquire the Inspired Group from funds managed by Vitruvian Partners LLP (a London headquartered private equity firm)
and its co-investors. 

The Share Sale Agreement, dated as of July
13, 2016, by and among the Company, the Vendors named on Schedule 1 thereto, the Target Parent, DMWSL 632 Limited and Gaming Acquisitions
Limited (the  Sale Agreement ), provides for the acquisition by the Company from the Vendors of all of the equity and
shareholder loan notes of Target Parent and the Inspired Group (the  Inspired Business Combination ). 

The Sale Agreement reflects a transaction
value for the Inspired Business Combination of  200 million/$264 million, plus an earn-out of up to $25 million (up to 2.5
million of the Company s shares), expected to represent approximately  96 million/$126 million of equity value after
adjusting for the maintenance of debt and certain other liabilities (the foregoing conversions from GBP to USD are based on the
current USD/GBP exchange rate of $1.32/ 1.00 as of July 13, 2016. Although equivalent amounts are also expressed in both
UK pounds and US dollars, the payments will be made in UK pounds in the amounts stated.). Exclusive of the potential earn-out,
the consideration to be paid for the equity and shareholder loan notes of the Target Parent and the Inspired Group will be the
aggregate of the Base Consideration (as defined below),  less  a fixed amount of Accruing Negative Consideration ( 21,500
per day from but excluding July 2, 2016 through and including the closing of the Inspired Business Combination). 

17  

The  Base Consideration  to
be paid for the equity and shareholder loan notes pursuant to the Sale Agreement will equal (i)  100,363,394/$132,479,680,
 plus  (ii) any amount by which the Company s transaction expenses ( Purchaser Costs ) referred to in Schedule
6 to the Sale Agreement exceeds  8,237,909/$10,874,040,  minus  (iii) certain expenses of the Vendors noticed by the
Institutional Vendors  Representative, not to exceed  3,000,000/$3,960,000,  minus  (iv) certain excess interest
payments owing on the Inspired Group s existing financing arrangements. 

The Vendors will be paid the Base Consideration,
adjusted for the Accruing Negative Consideration (the  Completion Payment ), partially in cash (the  Cash Consideration ),
to the extent available after the payment of transaction expenses and working capital adjustments, if any, and partially in
newly-issued shares of Company common stock ( Purchaser Shares ) at a value of $10.00 per share (the  Stock Consideration ),
as follows: 

a.  
      The Cash Consideration represents the cash the Company will have available at closing to pay the Completion Payment. The Cash Consideration will equal (i) the Company s current cash in trust, the $20 million proceeds of a private placement to Macquarie Capital, and any other available funds,  minus  (ii) an agreed amount of Purchaser Costs (including expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of the proxy statement and meetings with the Company s stockholders),  minus  (iii) an agreed amount of the Vendors  transaction expenses,  minus  (iv) the amount of repayment required under certain of the Inspired Group s financing arrangements,  minus  (v)  5 million for the purposes of retaining cash on the Company s balance sheet.   

b.  
      The Stock Consideration will equal the Completion Payment minus the Cash Consideration, divided by $10.00 per share.   

The earn-out payment of up to $25,000,000
(the  Earn-out Consideration ) shall be paid to the Vendors exclusively in Purchaser Shares and will be determined
based on Inspired s performance in certain jurisdictions through September 30, 2018 pursuant to a formula set forth in Schedule
5 to the Sale Agreement. 

The consummation of the Inspired Business
Combination is conditioned upon the approval of the Company s stockholders, certain regulatory approvals pertaining to the
gaming industry and other customary closing conditions. 

In connection with our IPO, we entered
into letter agreements with each of our initial stockholders pursuant to which the initial stockholders agreed to vote any shares
of our common stock owned by them in favor of a future business combination proposal. Concurrently with the execution of the Sale
Agreement, our Sponsors each entered into Voting and Support Letter Agreements, which, among other things, confirmed their obligations
under such prior letter agreements to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. The Voting and Support Letter Agreements also
contain, among other things, covenants by our Sponsors not to solicit any alternative business combinations during the pendency
of the Inspired Business Combination. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Sale
Agreement and the Voting and Support Letter Agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the
full text of such Agreements, copies of which, along with the Warranty Deed delivered in connection with the Sale Agreement, are
filed, or incorporated by reference, as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

On October 27, 2016, our stockholders approved
an amendment (the  Charter Amendment ) to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date
by which we have to consummate a Business Combination from October 29, 2016 to December 29, 2016 in order to allow us more time
to complete the Inspired Business Combination. There were 3,415,392 shares of common stock redeemed in connection with the Charter
Amendment for an aggregate value of $34,153,920. In addition, on November 1, 2016, the Sponsors, or their affiliates, deposited
into the trust account an amount equal to $229,230, or $0.05 for each of the 4,584,608 public shares that were not redeemed in
connection with the Charter Amendment. As a result of the contribution by the Sponsors (which is evidenced by a promissory note),
and following the redemption of the common stock in connection with the Charter Amendment, the pro rata portion of the funds available
in the trust account for shares not so redeemed increased from approximately $10.00 per share to approximately $10.05 per share. 

Results of Operations  

We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any operating revenues to date. All activity from inception to September 30, 2016 relates to our formation, our initial
public offering and private placement, the identification and evaluation of prospective candidates and negotiating the terms of
a Business Combination. Since the completion of our initial public offering, we have not generated any operating revenues and will
not generate such revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on cash and securities held, which we expect to be insignificant in view of the low yields on short-term government
securities. We expect to continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had a net loss of $478,933 and $1,901,714, respectively, consisting of $522,752 and $2,014,721, respectively, of target
identification expenses, operating costs and due diligence expenses, offset by $48,213 and $106,534, respectively, of interest
income and $(4,394) and $6,473, respectively, of unrealized (loss) gains on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. 

18  

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, we had a net loss of $720,771 and $2,797,680, respectively, primarily consisting of target identification expenses, operating
costs and due diligence expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On October 29, 2014, we consummated our
initial public offering of 8,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds of $80,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 7,500,000 placement warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock at $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share), to Mr.
Weil, our Macquarie sponsor and Mr. Schloss at a price of $0.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $3,750,000. We received
net proceeds from our initial public offering and sale of the placement warrants of $81,326,704, net of $2,000,000 cash paid for
underwriting fees and $423,296 cash paid for offering costs. In addition, up to $2,800,000 of underwriting fees were deferred until
the closing of a Business Combination. Upon the closing of our initial public offering and the private placement, $80,000,000 was
placed into a trust account, while the remaining funds of $1,326,704 were placed in an account outside of the trust account for
working capital purposes. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and
securities held in the trust account of $80,017,988, substantially all of which is invested in U.S. treasury bills with a maturity
of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be available to us to pay taxes and up to $50,000
of our dissolution expenses. Through September 30, 2016, we withdrew approximately $104,000 of interest earned on the trust account
to pay our tax obligations. Other than deferred underwriting fees payable in the event of a Business Combination, no amounts are
payable to the underwriters of our initial public offering. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of
$218,358 held outside the trust account (mainly from the proceeds of convertible promissory notes), which is available for use
by us to cover the costs associated with identifying a target business, negotiating a Business Combination, due diligence procedures
and other general corporate uses. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
pay for travel expenditures, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination and pay taxes to the extent the interest
earned on the trust account is insufficient to pay our taxes. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, cash used in operating activities amounted to $842,379, mainly resulting from a net loss of $1,901,714 and interest income
of $106,534, offset by an increase in our accounts payable and accrued expenses. As of September 30, 2016, we had current liabilities
of $4,477,991, primarily representing amounts owed to lawyers, accountants and consultants who have advised the Company on matters
related to potential Business Combinations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to make payment in full of the amounts
due to said advisors. Funds in the trust account are not available for this purpose absent an initial Business Combination. If
a Business Combination is not consummated, we would lack the resources to pay all of the liabilities that have been incurred by
us to date or after and we may lack the resources needed to consummate another Business Combination. We entered into fee arrangements
with certain service providers and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by us in connection with a Terminated Business
Combination would be deferred and become payable only if we consummated such Terminated Business Combination. If the Terminated
Business Combination did not occur, we would not be required to pay these contingent fees. Effective October 26, 2015, all efforts
related to such Terminated Business Combination were terminated and, accordingly, all contingent fees that had been previously
incurred are no longer due and payable. We have also entered into other fee arrangements with certain service providers and advisors
pursuant to which certain fees incurred by us in connection with another potential Business Combination will be deferred and become
payable only if we consummate such potential Business Combination. If the potential Business Combination does not occur, we will
not be required to pay these contingent fees. As of September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $1,300,000 of fees, of which
approximately $650,000 is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and $973,000 has not been accrued since it is contingent
upon the closing of the proposed Business Combination. A portion of the contingent fees that have not been accrued as of September
30, 2016, amounting to $323,000, are subject to an agreement, pursuant to which we have agreed to pay 150% of fees incurred upon
closing of the proposed Business Combination. There can be no assurances that we will complete a Business Combination. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the trust account (less amounts used to pay taxes and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our Business
Combination. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on our assets and the number of shares of our common stock
authorized and outstanding after the completion of the initial public offering, to be approximately $85,000. Our annual income
tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest income earned in the trust account. We do not expect the interest earned
on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay all of our tax obligations. To the extent that our capital stock or
debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust
account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

19  

Our Macquarie sponsor entered into a contingent
forward purchase contract to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of approximately $20,000,000 to occur concurrently
with the consummation of our initial Business Combination, 2,000,000 Private Placement Units (which includes 2,000,000 rights which
will be exchanged for 200,000 shares of common stock) on substantially the same terms as the sale of units in our initial public
offering at $10.00 per unit and 500,000 shares of common stock on the same terms as the sale of shares of common stock to our sponsors
prior to our initial public offering. The funds from the sale of the Private Placement Units may be used as part of the consideration
to the sellers in the initial Business Combination; any excess funds from this private placement may be used for working capital
in the post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders electing to redeem their shares
and provides us with an increased minimum funding level for the initial Business Combination. The contingent forward purchase contract
is contingent upon, among other things, our Macquarie sponsor approving the Business Combination, which approval can be withheld
for any reason. 

We may need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from our Sponsors, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. On March 16, 2016,
we entered into convertible promissory notes with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors loaned us an aggregate of $500,000 ( Convertible
Promissory Notes ) in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination. In the event that a Business
Combination does not occur, the Sponsors would become general unsecured creditors of the Company. The Convertible Promissory Notes
are non-interest bearing, and due on the date on which we consummate a Business Combination. Each of the Convertible Promissory
Notes are convertible, in whole or in part, at the election of the Sponsor holding such note, upon the consummation of a Business
Combination. Upon such election, the Convertible Promissory Notes will convert into warrants, at a price of $0.50 per warrant.
These warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As such, each warrant is exercisable for one-half of one share
of common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share. 

On September 29, 2016, we entered into
non-convertible promissory notes with the Sponsors, whereby the Sponsors loaned the Company an aggregate of $200,000 (the  Promissory
Notes ) in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination. The Promissory Notes are non-interest
bearing, and payable as promptly as possible upon the consummation of a Business Combination, in accordance with the documents
setting out the terms of our Initial Public Offering, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the date of such consummation. 

Other than as described above, our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. 

Other than as described above, none of
the Sponsors, stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties, are under any obligation to advance us funds, or to invest
in us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be
required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. 

If we complete our initial Business Combination,
we expect to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be
repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account may be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 (including the $500,000 of convertible promissory notes discussed above)
of all loans made to us are convertible at the option of the lender into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a
price of $0.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such loans, if any,
by our officers and directors (other than the $500,000 in loans which our sponsors have committed to make in the aggregate) have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. 

Contractual obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our Hydra
sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support provided to us. We began incurring these
fees on October 24, 2014 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation. 

20  

Significant Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following significant accounting policy: 

Common stock subject to possible redemption  

We account for our common stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.  Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and
is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders  equity. Our common
stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders  equity section of our balance sheet. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ).
ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s
ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required
to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective
for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.
We adopted the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15 as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 did not have a material
effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

The net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury bills
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe
there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the  Certifying Officers ),
we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

21  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results
of operations. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated
by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

*  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **    
      Furnished herewith.   

22  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.    

Date: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ A. Lorne Weil   

Name: A. Lorne Weil   

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      /s/ George Peng   

Name: George Peng   

Title: Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

23  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 v451695_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 99.2  

Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.    
 
 A Member of the Macquarie Group of Companies 

June
21, 2016  

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL  

A Lorne Weil 
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
         Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. 
          250 West
        57th Street, 30th Floor  
         New York, New York 10107  

Dear Mr. Weil: 

This letter agreement (including Attachment
A hereto, this  Letter Agreement ) confirms the understanding between Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. (together
with its affiliates, subsidiaries and any entity formed or invested in to effect a Transaction (as defined below), collectively,
the  Company  or  you ) and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. ( Macquarie Capital  or  we )
with regard to the engagement of Macquarie Capital to act as non-exclusive financial advisor to the Company in connection with
the proposed acquisition ( Transaction ), whether in one or a series of transactions, directly or indirectly, of all
or a material portion of the business, assets or equity securities of, or any other effort by the Company to obtain control of
or a material investment in, Inspired Gaming Group Limited and/or its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Target ), whether
by way of a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization, restructuring, tender or exchange offer,
purchase or investment, leveraged buyout, partnership, joint venture, acquisition or lease of assets, or any other similar transaction
however structured. 

Macquarie Capital s Services   

1.       Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement, Macquarie Capital shall provide advisory services that are customary for
financial advisory engagements of this type and as mutually agreed upon by the Company and Macquarie Capital. For the avoidance
of doubt, such services shall include advising the Company with respect to any financing, including amendments to the Target s
existing debt agreements associated with the Transaction. 

Fees and Expenses   

2.       As
consideration for the services to be performed under this Letter Agreement, the Company shall pay Macquarie Capital the following
non-refundable cash fees: 

a.       
a fee (the  Transaction Fee ) of $3,150,000, below), payable only upon consummation of a Transaction ( Closing );
and 

b.       a
fee equal to 10% of the following fees, payments, compensation, or profits, net of any expenses incurred by the Company in conjunction
with the proposed Transaction (the  Break-up Share ) received by the Company or any of its affiliates in connection
with the termination or abandonment of a proposed Transaction with the Target, payable promptly upon receipt thereof by the Company
or any of its affiliates: (i) any so-called  termination,   break-up,   topping,  or similar
fee or payment (including, without limitation, any fee or payment characterized as expense reimbursement to the extent in excess
of the actual, documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Company), (ii) any judgment for damages or amount in settlement
of any dispute as a result of any termination or other failure to consummate the proposed Transaction, or (iii) any profit arising
from any shares (or option to acquire shares or assets) of the Target or any of its affiliates acquired in connection with the
Transaction (whether newly issued, treasury shares or third-party); provided that in no event shall the Break-up Share exceed the
Transaction Fee that would have been payable to Macquarie Capital had such Transaction been consummated. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  2     

3.       The
Company (meaning the SPAC) agrees to reimburse Macquarie Capital periodically, upon request, and upon termination of our services
pursuant to this Letter Agreement for our reasonable expenses, including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of our
third-party attorneys (for advice in connection with the performance of advisory services), arising in connection with any matter
referred to in this Letter Agreement. The provisions of this Section shall not in any way limit the Company s obligations
pursuant to Attachment A hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing is not intended to modify the expense sharing provisions
of that certain letter agreement, dated as of October 24, 2014, between Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC, MIHI LLC and Hydra Industries
Acquisition Corp. 

Termination   

4.       Macquarie
Capital s engagement under this Letter Agreement may be terminated at any time by either Macquarie Capital or the Company,
upon written notice to that effect to the other party. In the event of any termination of this Letter Agreement the provisions
set forth under the first paragraph, Section 2, Section 3, Section 4, Section 5, and each subsequent Section of this Letter Agreement,
and Attachment A hereto, shall survive any such termination. In addition, in the event of any termination of this Letter Agreement
by Hydra, Macquarie Capital shall continue to be entitled to receive (a) all fees described in this Letter Agreement that have
accrued prior to such termination, (b) reimbursement for expenses incurred prior to termination and (c) the Transaction Fee, in
the event that at any time prior to the date falling on the first anniversary of such termination (i) a Transaction with the Target
is consummated or (ii) a definitive agreement, letter of intent or agreement in principle with respect to a Transaction with the
Target or another transaction that has substantially the same effect as, a Transaction with the Target (a  Similar Transaction ),
is entered into and such definitive agreement, letter of intent or agreement in principle at any time subsequently results in a
Transaction with the Target or a Similar Transaction that is consummated, which Transaction Fee shall be payable promptly upon
consummation of such Transaction or Similar Transaction. 

Information   

5.       The
Company will furnish or arrange to have furnished to Macquarie Capital (including, if requested by Macquarie Capital, from the
Target) such information as Macquarie Capital reasonably requests in connection with the services to be performed hereunder. The
Company recognizes and acknowledges that Macquarie Capital (a) may rely on all such information as well as publicly available information
without any obligation to independently verify the same, (b) does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of
any such information and has no obligation to investigate such accuracy or completeness, (c) with respect to any financial forecasts
(including, without limitation, with respect to costs, savings and synergies) that may be furnished to or discussed with Macquarie
Capital by or on behalf of the Company or the Target, will assume that such forecasts have been reasonably prepared and reflect
the best then-currently available estimates and judgment of the Company s (and the Target s) management, and (d) has
no obligation to undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, or evaluate the solvency, of the
Company, the Target or any other party. The Company further agrees to notify Macquarie Capital promptly of any material change
in any information furnished by or on behalf of the Company. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  3     

6.       The
Company represents and agrees that all information furnished to Macquarie Capital by or on behalf of the Company and any other
information or documents (including, without limitation, any descriptive memoranda) furnished by or on behalf of the Company to
third parties (a) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not be false or misleading, and (b) will be true,
complete and correct in all material respects. 

Confidentiality   

7.       Macquarie
Capital s role as advisor to the Company and the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement may not be disclosed by the
Company nor may any references to Macquarie Capital be made without the prior written consent of Macquarie Capital, except as required
by law or the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission or any exchange on which the securities of the Company
are listed. Any advice, analysis, opinion or documentation (whether written or oral) rendered or provided by Macquarie Capital
in its role as advisor to the Company will be solely for the confidential use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may
not be disclosed, quoted, reproduced, summarized, described or referred to without the prior written consent of Macquarie Capital
(provided, however, that the Company may disclose such information to its officers and representatives on a need to know basis). 

8.       Macquarie
Capital agrees to keep all information furnished by or on behalf of the Company to Macquarie Capital in connection with this engagement
confidential;  provided  that (a) such information may be disclosed by Macquarie Capital to its affiliates and to its and
their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, counsel and other representatives (such persons receiving such confidential
information hereunder, our  Representatives ) and otherwise to the extent necessary for Macquarie Capital to perform
its duties under this Letter Agreement and (b) Macquarie Capital or its Representatives shall not be obligated to keep such information
confidential to the extent that it (i) is or becomes publicly available through a source other than Macquarie Capital, (ii) was
known to Macquarie Capital or its Representatives at the time such information was furnished to Macquarie Capital or its Representatives
(except as to information heretofore provided to Macquarie Capital in its position as a sponsor of the Company in connection with
the Company s initial public offering (the  IPO )), (iii) is independently developed by Macquarie Capital or
its Representatives without reference to such information, (iv) is learned from a third party that does not impose an obligation
of confidentiality upon Macquarie Capital and its Representatives, (v) is requested or required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable
law or regulation, stock exchange or self regulatory organization requirements, government or regulatory authority, duly authorized
subpoena or court order or directive, or (vi) is approved for disclosure by prior consent of the Company. The obligations of Macquarie
Capital under the immediately preceding sentence shall terminate upon the second anniversary of the date Macquarie Capital ceases
to perform services for the Company under this Letter Agreement. 

Other Provisions   

9.       Macquarie
Capital in its capacity as an advisor to the Company is not assuming any responsibility for the Company s underlying business
decision to pursue or not to pursue any business strategy or to effect or not to effect any Transaction. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to any Transaction. Notwithstanding the
services provided by Macquarie Capital, the Company will retain complete and final control of all key decisions in connection with
the Transaction, including, without limitation, those decisions concerning: (a) Transaction strategy and pricing; (b) the structure
and form of the Transaction; (c) any descriptive memorandum and other information presented to potential providers of debt or equity;
(d) the entities or persons permitted to receive the descriptive memorandum; (e) the submission of non-binding expressions of interest
or letter of intent; and (f) the entry into a definitive agreement. In addition, Macquarie Capital will not be responsible for
setting the scope of or for reviewing the Company s due diligence exercise. The Company understands and acknowledges that
Macquarie Capital cannot provide any assurance that Macquarie Capital s services will result in any Transaction or that a
Transaction will be consummated. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  4     

10.       The
Company and the Target will be the issuer of and shall be responsible for any descriptive memorandum, and such descriptive memorandum
shall be based exclusively upon information provided by the Company and the Target. The Company and the Target shall be exclusively
responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the descriptive memorandum, and Macquarie Capital may rely upon the accuracy and
completeness of all such information without independent verification. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Company is
solely responsible for ensuring that it complies with all applicable law, including, without limitation, that any offer or sale
of securities is made in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the requirements of any
applicable state securities laws or qualifies for an exemption from such registration requirements and/or such state securities
laws. 

11.       The
Company will be responsible for obtaining its own professional advice on legal, regulatory, accounting, and taxation matters. 

12.       This
Letter Agreement does not constitute an underwriting agreement, a commitment on the part of Macquarie Capital to subscribe for
securities or to provide or arrange debt or a commitment to invest in any way in any transaction. 

13.       It
is understood and agreed that Macquarie Capital will act under this Letter Agreement as an independent contractor with duties solely
to the Company and nothing in this Letter Agreement or the nature of our services in connection with this engagement or otherwise
shall be deemed to create a fiduciary duty or fiduciary or agency relationship between or among Macquarie Capital, the Company
or its security holders, employees, creditors, or any other person or entity and the Company agrees that it shall not make, and
hereby waives, any claim based on an assertion of any such fiduciary duty or other relationship. 

14.       As
further consideration for the services provided pursuant to this Letter Agreement, the Company agrees to the provisions of Attachment
A, the terms of which are incorporated herein in full. Attachment A is an integral part of this Letter Agreement and shall survive
any termination or expiration of this Letter Agreement. 

15.       All
payments due to Macquarie Capital under this Letter Agreement shall be quoted and payable in cash in U.S. dollars by wire transfer
of immediately available funds without set-off and without deduction for any withholding, stamp, value added or other taxes, fees
or charges. 

16.       Upon
the earlier of the public announcement of a Transaction or the consummation of a Transaction, Macquarie Capital may, at its option
and expense, disclose to any party or publicly announce its role as financial advisor to the Company, including the material terms
of the Transaction, in any form of media or in Macquarie Capital s presentations or other marketing materials (including
placing  tombstone  advertisements in financial and other publications and media), which in each case may include the
name and logo of the Company. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  5     

17.       Macquarie
Capital and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of securities activities and financial advisory services. Macquarie Capital
and its affiliates carry on a range of businesses on their own account and for their clients, including providing stock brokerage,
investment advisory, investment management, proprietary financings and custodial services. It is possible that the various divisions,
business groups and affiliates of Macquarie Capital which provide these services, and employees of any of them, may hold long,
short or derivative positions in securities or obligations of the Company and its affiliates and/or securities or obligations of
other companies which are or may be involved in any transaction contemplated hereby and may effect transactions in those securities
or obligations for their own account or for the account of their clients. Accordingly, there may be situations where these divisions,
business groups and affiliates and/or their clients either now have or may in the future have interests, or take actions, that
may conflict with the interests of the Company, and the Company agrees that such divisions, business groups and affiliates, and
their clients, may hold such positions, effect such transactions and take such other actions without regard to the Company s
interests. In addition, research analysts of Macquarie Capital and its affiliates may hold and make statements or investment recommendations
and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company, the transactions contemplated by this Letter Agreement or any other
party involved in such transactions that differ from or are inconsistent with the views or advice communicated by the Macquarie
Capital division of Macquarie Capital. The Company agrees that Macquarie Capital and its affiliates are not required to restrict
their activities as a result of this engagement, and may undertake any business activity (including, without limitation, providing
debt financing, equity capital, or other services (including financial advisory services) for other clients which may have conflicting
interests in respect of the Transaction or otherwise) without further consultation with or notification to the Company and hereby
waives and releases any claims that the Company has with respect to any conflict of interest arising from such transactions, activities,
investments or holdings, or arising from the absence of such consultation or notification. Furthermore, the Company agrees that
Macquarie Capital shall not have a duty to disclose to the Company or use on behalf of the Company any information whatsoever about,
relating to or derived from those activities (except as otherwise required as law). 

18.       The
Company hereby acknowledges that Macquarie Capital and/or its affiliates(i) currently own shares of the Company s common
stock and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, and (ii) have entered into a contingent forward purchase
contract with the Company to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of approximately $20,000,000 to occur concurrently
with the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, 2,000,000 of the Company s units on substantially
the same terms as the sale of units in the Company s IPO at $10.00 per unit, and 500,000 shares of common stock on the same
terms as the sale of shares of common stock to the Company s sponsors prior to its IPO.  The Company acknowledges that
such other roles of Macquarie or its affiliates described in the foregoing sentence may involve interests that differ from the
Company s interests and the Company waives any claims that it may now or in the future have against Macquarie, its affiliates
or the other Indemnified Parties (as defined in Attachment A hereto) relating to the engagement of Macquarie hereunder and as a
result of such other roles and agrees that Macquarie, such affiliates and the other Indemnified Parties shall not have any liability
(whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect of any such claim or to any person asserting any such claim on behalf of
the Company, including its equity owners or creditors.  The Company acknowledges and agrees Macquarie may disclose confidential
information obtained from the Company to the extent that such disclosure is required by Macquarie or any of its affiliates for
such other roles. In addition, the Company agrees that each of Macquarie and its affiliates shall be entitled to act as it deems
appropriate to protect its interests as an investor, underwriter, creditor or in other financing roles or capacities including,
without limitation, by exercising any power, discretion, right or remedy; withholding any agreement, consent, waiver or approval;
or making any other decision or determination in connection with any such other roles. No such action shall subject Macquarie or
its affiliates to liability hereunder or otherwise. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  6     

19.       Macquarie
Capital, as a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member, is required to obtain, verify and record certain information regarding
the individuals or entities with which Macquarie Capital does business. The Company agrees to provide Macquarie Capital with the
Company s tax identification number and/or other identifying information, as necessary to enable Macquarie Capital to comply
with applicable law or regulation. The Company may also be asked to provide documents to verify its identity, including a copy
of its constituent documents (i.e., articles of incorporation, partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement, trust
agreement or government-issued business license). 

20.       This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and Macquarie Capital relating to this engagement, and supersedes
any and all prior agreements between the parties relating to this engagement, except for, for the avoidance of doubt, that certain
letter agreement, dated as of October 24, 2014 between the Company and Macquarie Capital (attached hereto as an Exhibit). No waiver,
amendment or other modification of this Letter Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by each party intended
to be bound thereby. If any portion of this Letter Agreement is held to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or
in part, the remaining portions of this Letter Agreement shall remain in effect, whereupon the parties shall negotiate in good
faith to replace the void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision that effects the
original intent of the parties to the fullest extent possible. 

21.       The
Company acknowledges that Macquarie Capital may carry out the services contemplated hereunder through or in conjunction with one
or more affiliates. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, any such services performed by any such affiliate shall
be subject to the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement (including, without limitation, Attachment A hereto). 

22.       This
Letter Agreement may not be assigned by the Company or Macquarie Capital, except with the written consent of the non-assigning
party;  provided  that Macquarie Capital may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any affiliate of Macquarie Capital
upon written notice to the Company of such assignment. Any attempted assignment in violation of the provisions hereof shall be
void and of no effect. The benefits of this Letter Agreement shall inure to the Company, Macquarie Capital, the Indemnified Parties
(as defined in Attachment A hereto) and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and the obligations and liabilities
assumed in this Letter Agreement by the parties hereto (including, without limitation, Attachment A hereto) shall be binding upon
their respective successors and permitted assigns.  Neither this Letter Agreement nor the delivery of any advice in connection
with this Letter Agreement confers or is intended to confer upon any person or entity not a party hereto (including, without limitation,
security holders, employees or creditors of the Company or any other person)  any
rights or remedies hereunder, or by reason hereof,  as against Macquarie Capital or the other Indemnified Parties. 

23.        To
the extent that the Company requests that Macquarie Capital perform additional services not contemplated by this Letter Agreement,
the scope and fees for such services shall be mutually agreed upon by Macquarie Capital and the Company, in writing, in advance
of any performance of such services. 

24.        This
Letter Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall
constitute the same agreement.  Transmission by telecopy, facsimile, email or other form of electronic transmission of an
executed counterpart of this Letter Agreement shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart. 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  7     

25.        This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of New York applicable to contracts
executed in and to be performed in that state. The Company hereby (a) irrevocably consents to personal jurisdiction in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York in New York County, Commercial Part, or any Federal court sitting in the Southern District of New
York, for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this Letter Agreement or any of the agreements or
transactions referred to herein or contemplated hereby, which is brought by or against the Company, (b) waives any objection to
venue with respect thereto, and (c) agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined
in any such court, and that such courts shall have jurisdiction over any claims arising out of or relating to the Letter Agreement
or such agreements or transactions, and agrees not to commence any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the
Letter Agreement except in such courts. The Company hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
to the Company at its address set forth above, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing.  Any
right to trial by jury with respect to any claim or action arising out of this LETTER agreement or conduct in connection with this
engagement is hereby waived.   

26.       
 Reference is made to the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission (File No. 333 - 198236)
(the  Prospectus ), and dated as of October 24, 2014 (the  Effective Date ). Macquarie Capital warrants
and represents that it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established a trust account containing the
proceeds of its IPO and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously with the IPO (collectively, with interest accrued
from time to time thereon, the  Trust  F und ) initially in an amount
of $80,000,000 for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the  public stockholders ) and certain parties
(including the underwriters of the IPO) and that the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Fund only: (i) to the public stockholders
in the event they elect to redeem the shares of common stock of the Company in connection with the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination (as such term is used in the Prospectus) (the  Business Combination ), (ii) to the public
stockholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, (iii) any
interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Fund necessary to pay any taxes or (iv) to the Company after or concurrently with
the consummation of a Business Combination. [REDACTED] 

[Signature Page Follows] 

Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.   Page  8     

This engagement is important
to us and we appreciate the opportunity to be of service to the Company. If the Company is in agreement with the terms set forth
herein, please indicate by signing and returning the enclosed copy of this Letter Agreement to us. If you have any questions about
this Letter Agreement or wish to discuss these matters further, please contact Charles Protell at (310) 557-4347. 

Very truly yours,  

MACQUARIE CAPITAL (USA) INC.  

By:   
      /s/
    Duncan Murdoch   

Name: Duncan Murdoch  

Title: Senior Managing Director  

By:   
     /s/ Charles Protell 

Name: Charles Protell  

Title: Managing Director  

Agreed to and Accepted as of  

the date first written above by:  

HYDRA INDUSTRIES ACQUISITION CORP.  

By:  
      /s/ A. Lorne Weil  

Name: A. Lorne Weil  

Title: CEO  

Enclosure/Attachment  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v451695_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, A. Lorne Weil, certify that: 

1.         I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.; 

2.         Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.         Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.         The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)        
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ A. Lorne Weil   

A. Lorne Weil   

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v451695_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, George Peng, certify that: 

1.         I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.; 

2.         Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.         Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.         The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ George Peng   

George Peng   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451695_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADDED BY  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, A. Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as added by  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.    To my knowledge,
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ A. Lorne Weil   

A. Lorne Weil   

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451695_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADDED BY  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, George Peng, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as added by  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.    To my knowledge,
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ George Peng   

George Peng   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 hdrau-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hdrau-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hdrau-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hdrau-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hdrau-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hdrau-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

