<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1636282_0001564590-16-028480_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6939724</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>374471</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>599378</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2000702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1964854</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1230133</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028480.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109080142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028480
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				464312787
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37722
		FILM NUMBER:		161982842

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. MOPAC EXPRESSWAY, STE. 250
		STREET 2:		BARTON OAKS PLAZA ONE
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 942-2935

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. MOPAC EXPRESSWAY, STE. 250
		STREET 2:		BARTON OAKS PLAZA ONE
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028480.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 agle-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

agle-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from      to       
 Commission File Number: 001-37722 
   
 AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware  
 
 46-4312787  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

901 S. MoPac Expressway 
 Barton Oaks Plaza One 
 Suite 250 
 Austin, TX 78746  

(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (512) 942-2935 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a small reporting company)   

Small reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of November 8, 2016, the registrant had 13,430,833 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
 
 1  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
 
 1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015        
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 5  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 17  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 25  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    
 
 25  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    
 
 26  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    
 
 26  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    
 
 26  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 56  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 57  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 57  

Item 5.  

Other Information    
 
 57  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    
 
 58  

Signatures    
 
 59  

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, market size, potential growth opportunities, clinical development activities, efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates, our ability to maintain and recognize the benefits of certain designations received by product candidates, the timing and results of clinical trials and potential regulatory approval and commercialization of product candidates. The words  believe,   may,   will,   potentially ,  estimate ,  continue ,  anticipate,   predict,   target,   intend,   could,   would,   should,   project,   plan,   expect,  and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.  
  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this quarterly report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this quarterly report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.  
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms  Aeglea,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. and, where appropriate, its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

PART I.   FINANC  IAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Financial Statements    

 Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. 
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 
 
    Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 
 
    Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 
 
    Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
    Aeglea BioTherapeutics,   Inc.  
   Notes to Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. The Company and Basis of Presentation 
 Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. ( Aeglea  or the  Company ) is an early-stage biotechnology company committed to developing enzyme-based therapeutics in the field of amino acid metabolism that it believes will transform the lives of patients with cancer and inborn errors of metabolism, a subset of rare genetic metabolic diseases. The Company was formed as a Limited Liability Company (LLC) in Delaware on December 16, 2013 under the name Aeglea BioTherapeutics Holdings, LLC ( Aeglea LLC ) and was converted from a Delaware LLC to a Delaware corporation (the  LLC Conversion ) on March 10, 2015.  The Company operates in one segment and has its principal offices in Austin, Texas. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On April 6, 2016, the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-205001) relating to the initial public offering ( IPO ) of its common stock was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  The IPO closed on April 12, 2016, and 5,481,940 shares of common stock were sold at a public offering price of $10.00 per share, including 481,940 shares of common stock issued upon the partial exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The Company received $47.3 million in aggregate cash proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions of $3.8 million and offering costs of $3.7 million incurred by the Company.  
 Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, all shares of outstanding convertible preferred stock were automatically converted, at a ratio of one share of common stock for each share of convertible preferred stock, into 7,172,496 shares of common stock with the related carrying value of $58.3 million reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital.  
 In connection with the IPO, the Company amended its Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the  Public Certificate ) to change the authorized capital stock to 510,000,000 shares of which 500,000,000 shares are designated as common stock and 10,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock, all with a par value of $0.0001 per share. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 The Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved a 1-for-10.5 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock and preferred stock. The reverse stock split became effective on March 28, 2016 upon filing an amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the  Split Certificate ). The Split Certificate remained in effect until closing of the IPO, at which time the company amended the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and filed the Public Certificate. 
 All share and per share amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to this reverse stock split, including reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value of common stock to additional paid-in capital. 
 Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had working capital of $67.8 million, an accumulated deficit of $39.8 million, and cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $68.0 million. The Company has not generated any product revenues and has not achieved profitable operations. There is no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, and, if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In addition, development activities, clinical and nonclinical testing, and commercialization of the Company s products will require significant additional financing. 
 The Company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months beyond September 30, 2016. However, the Company will need to secure additional funding in the future, in order to carry out all of its planned research and development activities. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing or generate license or product revenue, the lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future prospects. 
 Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
   The interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in this document are unaudited. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and reflect, in the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal and recurring nature that are necessary for a fair statement of the  
 5 
 
  Company s financial position as of   September   30  , 2016, and its results of operations for the   three months and   nine   months   ended   September   3  0  , 2016 and 2015  , and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . The results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September   30  , 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 201  6 or for any other future annual or interim period. The December 31, 2015 balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States   ( U.S. GAAP )  . These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements included in the Company s Prospectus dated April 6, 2016 filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (the  Prospectus ).  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such management estimates include those related to accruals of research and development related costs, fair values of preferred and common stock, stock-based compensation, and certain company income tax related items. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and relevant assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 The product candidates being developed by the Company require approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) or foreign regulatory agencies prior to commercial sales. There can be no assurance that the Company s product candidates will receive the necessary approvals. If the Company is denied regulatory approval of its product candidates, or if such approvals are delayed, it may have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations and its financial position. 
 The Company is subject to a number of risks similar to other life science companies, including, but not limited to, risks related to the successful discovery and development of product candidates, raising additional capital, development of competing drugs and therapies, protection of proprietary technology and market acceptance of the Company s products. As a result of these and other factors and the related uncertainties, there can be no assurance of the Company s future success. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds and debt securities and are stated at fair value. 
 Marketable Securities 
 All investments have been classified as available-for-sale and are carried at estimated fair value as determined based upon quoted market prices or pricing models for similar securities. Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments in debt securities at the time of purchase. Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and are reported as a component of accumulated comprehensive loss. Realized gains and losses and declines in fair value judged to be other than temporary, if any,  on available-for-sale securities are included in other income     (expense). The cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. There were no realized gains or losses on marketable securities for the nine months ended September 30,   2016 and 2015. Interest on marketable securities is included in interest  income. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash consisted of a money market account held by a financial institution as collateral for the Company s obligations under a corporate credit card agreement. In September 2016, the collateral requirement was terminated and the restricted cash balance was transferred to cash and cash equivalents. 
 6 
 
    Concentration of Credit Risk  
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. The Company s investment policy limits investments to high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. government, U.S. government-sponsored agencies and highly rated banks, subject to certain concentration limits and restrictions on maturities. The Company s cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held by financial institutions in the United States that management believes are of high credit quality. Amounts on deposit may at times exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents and its accounts are monitored by management to mitigate risk. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding its cash and cash equivalents and bond issuers. 
 Deferred Offering Costs 
 Deferred offering costs, which primarily consist of direct incremental legal, printing, and accounting fees relating to the Company s IPO of its common stock, are capitalized. At the closing of the IPO, the deferred offering costs were offset against the proceeds from the IPO and recorded to additional paid-in capital. 
 Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Repairs and maintenance that do not extend the life or improve an asset are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of disposed assets and their related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the balance sheet. Any gain or loss is credited or charged to operations. 
 The useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows: 

Laboratory equipment  

5 years  

Furniture and office equipment  

5 years  

Computer equipment  

3 years  

Software  

3 years  

Leasehold improvements  

Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life  

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for indications of possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to these assets. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent an asset group is not recoverable, and the carrying amount exceeds the projected discounted future cash flows arising from these assets. There were no impairments of long-lived assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Accrued Research and Development Costs 
 The Company records the costs associated with research nonclinical studies, clinical trials, and manufacturing development as incurred. These costs are a significant component of the Company s research and development expenses, with a substantial portion of the Company s on-going research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, including contract research and manufacturing organizations. 
   The Company accrues for expenses resulting from obligations under agreements with contract research organizations ( CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations ( CMOs ), and other outside service providers for which payment flows do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided to the Company. Accruals are recorded based on estimates of services received and efforts expended pursuant to agreements established with CROs, CMOs, and other outside service providers. These estimates are typically based on contracted amounts applied to the proportion of work performed and determined through analysis with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services. The Company makes significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrual balance in each reporting period. In the event advance payments are made to a CRO, CMO, or outside service provider, the payments will be recorded as a prepaid asset which will be amortized as the contracted services are performed. As actual costs become known, the Company adjusts its accruals. Inputs, such as the services performed, the number of patients enrolled, or the study duration, may vary from the Company s estimates, resulting in  
 7 
 
  adjustments to research and development expense in future periods. Changes in these estimates that result in material changes to the Company s accruals could materia  lly affect the Company s results of operations. The Company has not experienced any material deviations between accrued and actual research and development expenses.  
 Leases 
 The Company entered into a lease agreement for its office facilities. The lease is classified as an operating lease. The Company records rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and, accordingly records the difference between cash rent payments and the recognition of rent expense as a deferred rent liability. Incentives granted under the Company s facilities leases, including allowances to fund leasehold improvements, are deferred and are recognized as adjustments to rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain financial and non-financial assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The accounting standards define fair value, establish a framework for measuring fair value, and require disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact are considered along with assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. 
 The accounting standard for fair value establishes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, the first two of which are considered observable and the last unobservable, that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: 

Level 1  :   
 
 Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.    

Level 2  :   
 
 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.    

Level 3  :   
 
 Valuations based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology and including data about assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available under the circumstances.    

 Financial instruments carried at fair value include cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. The carrying amount of accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 The Company recorded the issuance of all convertible preferred stock net of offering costs on the dates of issuance, which represented the carrying value. The conversion feature of the convertible preferred stock was subject to certain anti-dilution provisions, which if triggered, would have required the Company to seek shareholder approval to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized. In the event that the Company could not deliver the conversion shares because it did not have an adequate number of common stock authorized, the convertible preferred stock would have been redeemable. Accordingly, the Company classified the convertible preferred stock in temporary equity. The Company did not adjust the carrying value of the convertible preferred stock to their redemption values, since it was uncertain whether or when a redemption event would occur. The convertible preferred stock outstanding was automatically converted into shares of common stock immediately prior to the completion of the IPO in April 2016 (see Note 1). 
 Revenue Recognition 
   The Company s sole source of revenue is grant revenue related to a $19.8 million research grant received from the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas ( CPRIT ), covering a three year period from June 1, 2014 through May 31, 2017. Grant revenue is recognized when qualifying costs are incurred and there is reasonable assurance that the  
 8 
 
  co  nditions of the award have been met for collection. Proceeds received prior to the costs being incurred   or the conditions of the award being met   are recognized as deferred revenue until the services are performed   and the conditions of the award are met   (se  e Note 6).  
 Research and Development Costs 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include, but are not limited to, salaries, benefits, travel, share-based compensation, consulting costs, contract research service costs, laboratory supplies, contract manufacturing costs, and costs paid to other third parties that conduct research and development activities on the Company s behalf. Amounts incurred in connection with license agreements are also included in research and development expense. 
 Certain research and development costs incurred were settled contractually by the Company issuing a variable number of the Company s shares determined by dividing the fixed monetary amount of costs incurred by the issuance-date fair value of the issuable shares. The Company recorded research and development expense for these costs and accrued for the fixed monetary amount as an accrued liability as the services were rendered until the amount was settled. In June 2015, the remaining Company obligation to settle these costs with Company shares was converted to a cash-based payment through a contract amendment with the service provider. 
 Advance payments for goods or services to be rendered in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as a prepaid asset and expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company recognizes the cost of stock-based awards granted to employees based on the estimated grant-date fair values of the awards. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period. The Company recognizes the compensation costs for awards that vest over several years on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company recognizes the cost of stock-based awards granted to nonemployees at their then-current fair values as services are performed, and are remeasured through the counterparty performance date. 
 Income Taxes 
 Effective January 1, 2015, the Company, for tax purposes, converted from a partnership to a corporation and continues to serve as a holding company for seven wholly-owned subsidiary corporations. Beginning with the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company filed a consolidated corporate federal income tax return. The Company and its subsidiaries use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statements and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax assets to reduce their carrying value to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent along with the related valuation allowance. Due to a lack of earnings history, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
 The Company recognizes benefits of uncertain tax positions if it is more likely than not that such positions will be sustained upon examination based solely on the technical merits, as the largest amount of benefits that is more likely than not be realized upon the ultimate settlement. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. To date, there have been no interest or penalties recognized in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 Comprehensive loss is the change in stockholders  equity (deficit) from transactions and other events and circumstances other than those resulting from investments by stockholders and distributions to stockholders. The Company s other comprehensive income (loss) is currently comprised of changes in unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities. 
 9 
 
    Reclassification  
 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to current period presentation. These reclassifications did not have an impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which will require management to assess, at each annual and interim reporting period, the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 do not have any application to an entity s financial statements, but only to disclosure in the related notes. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual and interim periods ending after December 15, 2016 and early application is permitted. The Company intends to apply ASU 2014-15 in the first quarter of 2017 and for the annual period ending December 31, 2016. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which establishes a comprehensive new lease accounting model. The new standard: (a) clarifies the definition of a lease; (b) requires a dual approach to lease classification similar to current lease classifications; and, (c) causes lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use asset for leases with a lease-term of more than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires modified retrospective application. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

3.  Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 The following tables summarize the estimated fair value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities and the gross unrealized gains and losses (in thousands): 

10 

All of the cash equivalents and marketable securities held as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 had maturities of less than one year. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held two and five debt securities, respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position for less than one year. The aggregate fair value of debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $3.8 million and $2.5 million, respectively, with no individual securities in a significant unrealized loss position. The Company evaluated its securities for other-than-temporary impairment and considered the decline in market value for the securities to be primarily attributable to current economic and market conditions and would not be required to sell the securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Based on this analysis, these marketable securities were not considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

4.  Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued and other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

5.  Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On April 12, 2016, immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, all of the Company s outstanding convertible preferred stock was automatically converted into an aggregate total of 7,172,496 shares of common stock (see Note 1). 
 On March 10, 2015, the Company converted from a Delaware limited liability company into a Delaware corporation and changed the Company s name from Aeglea BioTherapeutics Holdings, LLC to Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. In connection with the LLC Conversion, all of the Company s outstanding common shares and convertible preferred shares were converted into shares of common stock and convertible preferred stock. Upon the LLC Conversion, each then-outstanding Series A convertible preferred share was converted into one share of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The Company determined that the LLC Conversion resulted in a deemed dividend from stockholders of common stock to stockholders of Series A convertible preferred stock of $0.11 per share of Series A convertible preferred stock. The Company recorded $228,000 as an increase in the carrying amount of the Series A convertible preferred stock and as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Such dividend was determined by comparing the fair value of the Series A convertible preferred shares immediately prior to the conversion to the fair value of the Series A convertible preferred stock issued in the conversion. 
 Also on March 10, 2015, the Company issued 4,929,948 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, at an issuance price equal to $8.93 per share and received gross proceeds of $44.0 million. In connection with the financing, the Company incurred total offering costs of $321,000.  

6. Grant Revenues 
 In June 2015, the Company entered into a Cancer Research Grant Contract ( Grant Contract ) with CPRIT, under which CPRIT awarded a grant not to exceed $19.8 million for use in developing cancer treatments by exploiting the metabolism of cancer cells. The Grant Contract covers a three year period from June 1, 2014 through May 31, 2017. 
 Upon commercialization of the product, the terms of the Grant Contract require the Company to pay tiered royalties in the low to mid-single digit percentages. Such royalties reduce to less than one percent after a mid-single-digit multiple of the grant funds have been paid to CPRIT in royalties. 
   The agreement includes reimbursement for qualified expenditures incurred and recognized in 2014. Upon execution of the Grant Contract, grant revenue was recognized for the accumulated qualified expenditures paid and recognized in  
 11 
 
  the period from June 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015.   The Company recogn  ized grant revenue of $1.  2   million and $  1  .  1   million   in   the three     months ended   September   3  0  , 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and $  3  .  4   million and $4  .5   million   in   the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,   for qualified expenditures under the grant. As of   September   30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an outstanding grant receivable of $1.6 million and $1.7 million, respectively, for the grant expenditures that were paid but had not been reimburse  d   and deferred revenue   of $  0.2 million   and $0, respectively, for   proceeds received   but the costs had   not been incurred or the condit  ions of the award had   not   been   met.  

7. Stock-Based Compensation 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On April 5, 2016, the day preceding the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ) became effective and serves as the successor to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ).  Under the 2016 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, and stock bonuses. A total of 1,100,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The shares reserved exclude shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan. Shares totaling 509,869 that were remaining under the 2015 Plan were added to the shares initially reserved under the 2016 Plan upon its effectiveness. In addition, the number of shares of stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan may be increased each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2017 and continuing through 2023, by 4% of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number as determined by the Company s board of directors. No further stock option or other awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan. 
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On April 6, 2016, upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  2016 ESPP ) became effective. A total of 165,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2016 ESPP. Eligible employees may purchase shares of common stock under the 2016 ESPP at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock as of the first or the last day of each offering period. Employees are limited to contributing 15% of the employee s eligible compensation, and may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year or more than 2,000 shares during any one purchase period or a lesser amount determined by the board of directors. The 2016 ESPP will terminate ten years from the first purchase date under the plan, unless terminated earlier by the board of directors. During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued and sold 19,061 shares under the 2016 ESPP. The remaining 145,939 shares are available for issuance as of September 30, 2016.   
 Stock Options 
 In May 2016, the Company s board of directors approved the modification of 542,392 outstanding stock options for 21 employees to align the vesting schedule of existing awards with the Company s planned vesting schedule for future awards. The result was an acceleration of vesting for the modified awards. Stock options with a five year vesting schedule and 25% vesting after year two and 6.25% quarterly thereafter were modified to a four year vesting schedule with 25% vesting after year one and 2.08% monthly thereafter. Stock options with a four year vesting schedule and 25% vesting after year one and 6.25% quarterly thereafter were modified to a similar four year vesting schedule with 25% vesting after year one and 2.08% monthly thereafter. The modified awards have service conditions only.     
 In accordance with ASC 718, the Company determined the fair value of the awards immediately before the modification and compared that amount to the then fair value of the modified awards. Given there was no incremental fair value in connection with the modification of the awards, the Company will continue to recognize the compensation expense originally estimated for the stock options at the date of grant over the modified service period. The Company recognized $89,000 in cumulative expense as of the modification date related to changes in the service period for the modified awards. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 11,562 options to purchase common stock under its equity incentive plans for an aggregate fair value of $42,000.  There were no options issued during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 12 
 
    During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued an aggreg  ate of   731,779     and   644,505     options, respectively, to purchase common stock under its equity incentive plans for an aggregate fair value of $3.7 million   and   $  2.1   million  , respectively.  
 Total stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s equity incentive plans and 2016 ESPP was as follows (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the weighted-average Black-Scholes option pricing model assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under the 2016 Plan and 2015 Plan and the shares purchasable under the 2016 ESPP during the periods presented:  

8. Defined Contribution Plan 
 In September 2016, the Company began to sponsor a 401(k) retirement plan in which substantially all of its full-time employees are eligible to participate. Participants may contribute a percentage of their annual compensation to this plan, subject to statutory limitations. The Company did not provide any contributions to the plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

9. Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company measures and reports certain financial instruments as assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The following tables sets forth the fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis based on the three-tier fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 

13 

The Company measures the fair value of money market funds on quoted prices in active markets for identical asset or liabilities. The Level 2 assets include reverse repurchase agreements and U.S. government and agency securities and are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices that are derived from observable market data. 
 The Company evaluates transfers between levels at the end of each reporting period. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the periods presented. 

10.  Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 The Company computed net loss attributable per common stockholder using the two-class method required for participating securities through the date of the IPO. Immediately prior to the IPO, all outstanding convertible preferred stock was converted into common stock (see Note 5). The Company considered convertible preferred stock to be participating securities. In the event that the Company had paid out distributions, holders of convertible preferred stock would have participated in the distribution. 
 The two-class method is an earnings (loss) allocation method under which earnings (loss) per share is calculated for common stock and participating security considering a participating security s rights to undistributed earnings (loss) as if all such earnings (loss) had been distributed during the period. The convertible preferred stock did not have an obligation to fund losses and are therefore excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per share. Starting in the first quarter of 2015 in connection with the LLC Conversion, the Company s Series A and B convertible preferred stock were entitled to receive noncumulative dividends and in preference to any dividends on shares of the Company s common stock. 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stock by the weighted-average number of common stock outstanding during the period. For net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the effect of the LLC Conversion is presented prospectively from January 1, 2015 as none of the losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were allocated to the members of Aeglea LLC. For periods in which the Company generated a net loss, the Company does not include the potential impact of dilutive securities in diluted net loss per share, as the impact of these items is anti-dilutive. Additionally, the convertible preferred stock dividend is included in the loss attributable to common stockholders. 
 The following weighted-average equity instruments were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented: 

11. Research and License Agreements 
 University Research Agreement 
   In December 2013, the Company entered into a research agreement with the University of Texas at Austin (the  University ). Under the terms of this research agreement, the Company engaged the University to perform certain  
 14 
 
  nonclinical research activities related to the systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy and   rare disease therapy  .  
 Under the research agreement, the Company was required to pay the University an annual amount not to exceed $386,000 during the one year term of the agreement from the effective date. The term and maximum expenditure limitation  were subsequently extended and increased through five subsequent amendments through August 31, 2017 for a combined $1.8 million under the agreement, including an amendment in August 2016 increasing the maximum expenditure limitation by $750,000 for additional research to be performed by the University. The Company made payments to the University under the research agreement of $188,000 and $375,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and made payments of $645,000 and $563,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 License Agreements 
 In December 2013, the Company entered into two license agreements with the University. Under the terms of each license agreement, the University granted the Company an exclusive worldwide license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize therapeutics related to the University s engineered cysteine/cystine degrading enzymes and engineered methionine degrading enzymes for use in the treatment of human diseases. 
 Under each license agreement, the Company paid the University an up-front fee of $10,000 in 2013 and will pay annual license fees increasing from $5,000 in 2016 to $25,000 in 2018 and thereafter. The Company may be required to make future payments of up to $6.4 million contingent upon attainment of various development and regulatory approval milestones for the licensed product in any country. The milestone payments are payable in various amounts upon the start of different phases of clinical trials, application for, and receipt of regulatory approval, with $5.0 million payable upon the receipt of regulatory approval and a $500,000 payment payable on final regulatory approval of a second indication. Additionally, upon commercial sales of the product, the Company will be required to pay to the University a single-digit royalty on net sales of the licensed products in any country or region, if such product sales are ever achieved. 

12. Related Party Transactions 
 The spouse of the Company s Chief Executive Officer provides consulting services to the Company. Payments made to the spouse in consulting fees were $65,000 and $110,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $389,000 and $332,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The costs   were recorded in Research and Development expenses. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an outstanding liability to the related party of $11,000, and $129,000, respectively. 
 One of the founders, a non-employee member of the Company s Board of Directors, entered into a consulting agreement with the Company in 2014 under which the founder would receive $50,000 per year for a fixed number of hours of consulting and advisory services and receive 57,142 Common B shares (converted into 43,290 restricted stock awards and 13,852 stock options upon the LLC Conversion) with the vesting contingent on time and performance milestones being achieved. The Company paid $25,000 and $14,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $50,000 and $39,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to the Founder under the consulting agreement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an outstanding liability to the related party of $9,000 and $0, respectively. 

13.  Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company leases office space in Austin, TX under an operating lease that commenced in January 2015. The lease was amended in September 2016 to increase office space and extend the term to December 31, 2020. As provided in the lease amendment, monthly lease payments are subject to annual increases through the lease term. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the noncancelable term of the lease.   
 The following table summarizes the Company s future minimum lease commitments as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 
 15 

Under the terms of the office lease agreement, the Company provided the lessor with a security deposit of $54,000. The lessor is entitled to retain all or any part of the security deposit for payment in the event of any uncured default by the Company under the terms of the lease. The security deposit requirement was reduced by $18,000 in January 2016 and returned to the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the lease amendment, the security deposit requirement was set at $39,000 until the expiration of the lease.      
 Rent expense for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $35,000. Rent expense for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $105,000.      

16 

Item 2.   
 
          MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     

 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report as well as the audited consolidated financial statements and notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Prospectus dated April 6, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4), which we refer to as the  Prospectus . This discussion and other parts of this Quarterly Report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section of this report entitled  Risk Factors.  
 Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company committed to developing enzyme-based therapeutics in the field of amino acid metabolism that we believe will transform the lives of patients with inborn errors of metabolism and cancer. Our engineered human enzymes are designed to reduce the level of specific amino acids in the blood. In inborn errors of metabolism, or IEM, we are seeking to reduce the toxic levels of amino acids in patients. In oncology, we are seeking to reduce amino acid blood levels below the normal range where we believe we will be able to exploit the dependence of certain cancers on specific amino acids. 
 Our lead product candidate, AEB1102, is engineered to degrade the amino acid arginine and is being developed to treat two extremes of arginine metabolism, including arginine excess in patients with Arginase I deficiency, an IEM, as well as some cancers which have shown to have a metabolic dependence on arginine. AEB1102 has demonstrated the ability to reduce blood arginine levels in nonclinical and oncology clinical studies supporting its use as a potential treatment of both Arginase I deficiency and those cancers predicted to be dependent on arginine for survival.  
 We have initiated three Phase 1 clinical trials for AEB1102. In October 2015, we initiated enrollment for a dose escalation trial in patients with advanced solid tumors and intend to initiate expansion arms in different tumor types in 2017. In June 2016, we initiated a clinical trial for the treatment of Arginase I deficiency, a urea cycle disorder that results in elevated circulating levels of the amino acid arginine, with the intent to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of AEB1102 in patients with this IEM. In July 2016, we initiated a clinical trial in patients with relapsed refractory acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, and myelodysplastic syndrome, or MDS, in the United States and Canada. We expect to complete enrollment in the dose escalation in 2017.      
 Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and resources to identifying and developing product candidates, conducting nonclinical studies, initiating and conducting clinical trials, recruiting personnel and raising capital. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of our preferred stock, the initial public offering, or IPO, of our common stock, completed on April 12, 2016, and collection of a research grant. In connection with the IPO, we sold 5,481,940 shares of common stock for aggregate proceeds of $47.3 million net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs. 
 We have no recorded revenue from product sales and all of our revenue to date has been grant revenue. Since our inception, and through September 30, 2016, we have raised an aggregate of $109.5 million to fund our operations through sale and issuance of convertible preferred and common equity securities and collected $8.1 million in grant proceeds. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $68.0 million. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since inception. Our net losses were $16.2 million and $7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $39.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly as we continue our clinical and diagnostic development activities for our lead product candidate, AEB1102; concurrently develop our pipeline product candidates; expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and hire additional personnel. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 17 
 
    Recent Developments  
 In September 2016, we announced the dosing of the first two patients in a Phase 1 trial of AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with Arginase I deficiency. The Phase 1 trial will assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of AEB1102 in patents with this IEM. Enrollment is expected to be completed in 2016 with topline data expected in the first half of 2017. 
 In September 2016, we announced the formation of and appointment of five leading experts to our Scientific Advisory Board to serve as a strategic resource to us by providing scientific and clinical insights to support our pipeline of engineered human enzymes. 
 In August 2016, we announced the dosing of the first patient in a Phase 1 trial of AEB1102 for the treatment of the hematological malignancies AML and MDS.  The Phase 1 trial, conducted in the United States and Canada, is designed to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of AEB1102. Enrollment is expected to be completed in 2017. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have recognized revenue solely from a research grant from the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas, or CPRIT, and have not generated any revenue from the sale of any of our product candidates. Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. 
 In June 2015, we entered into a grant agreement with CPRIT, or the Grant Contract, for $19.8 million covering a three year period from June 1, 2014 through May 31, 2017. The grant allows us to receive funds in advance of costs and allowable expenses being incurred. We record the revenue as qualifying costs are incurred and there is reasonable assurance that the conditions of the award have been met for collection. Proceeds received prior to the costs being incurred or the conditions of the award being met are recognized as deferred revenue until the services are performed and the conditions of the award are met. 
 On a quarterly basis, we are required to submit a financial reporting package outlining the nature and extent of reimbursable costs paid and requesting reimbursement under the grant. At the end of each period, qualifying costs paid prior to reimbursement result in the recognition of a grant receivable. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the discovery and development of our product candidates, most notably, our lead product candidate AEB1102. Since we currently do not have internal laboratory or manufacturing capabilities, we contract with external providers for nonclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing services. Our research and development expenses include: 

costs from acquiring clinical trial materials and services performed for contracted services with our strategic manufacturing partner;     

fees paid to clinical trial sites, clinical research organizations, contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, nonclinical research companies, and academic institutions;     

employee and consultant-related expenses incurred, which include salaries, benefits, travel and share-based compensation; and     

expenses incurred under license agreements with third parties.     

 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Advance payments for goods or services to be rendered in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 Research and development expenses have historically represented the largest component of our total operating expenses. We plan to increase our research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our product candidates. 
 18 
 
    Our expenditures on curr  ent and future nonclinical and clinical development programs are subject to numerous uncertainties in timing and cost to completion. The duration, costs, and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of fa  ctors, including:  

the scope, rate of progress, and expenses of our ongoing research activities as well as any additional clinical trials and other research and development activities;     

future clinical trial results;     

uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment rates or drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients;     

potential safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies;     

significant and changing government regulation; and     

the timing and receipt of regulatory approvals, if any.     

 The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain FDA and other regulatory approval is costly and time consuming and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. The risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development projects are discussed more fully in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report titled  Risk Factors.  As a result of these risks and uncertainties, we are unable to determine with any degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects, or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, accounting, and human resources functions. Other significant costs include legal fees relating to corporate matters and fees for accounting and consulting services. 
 We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support our continued research and development activities, potential commercialization of our product candidates and the increased costs of operating as a public company. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses. Additionally, we will continue to incur increased costs associated with being a public company, including expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with NASDAQ listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 
 Income taxes 
 Since inception in December 2013, through March 10, 2015, we were a Delaware LLC and elected to file as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes through the year ended December 31, 2014. On March 10, 2015, we converted from a Delaware LLC to a Delaware corporation, and have subsequently filed a corporate income tax return for the year ended December 31, 2015. For tax purposes, we elected to be treated as a corporation under Subchapter C of Chapter 1 of the United States Internal Revenue Code, effective January 1, 2015. We therefore, were subject to federal and state tax expense beginning January 1, 2015. 
 We serve as a holding company for our seven wholly-owned subsidiary corporations and file consolidated corporate federal income tax returns. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statements and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax assets to reduce their carrying value to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent along with the related valuation allowance. Due to our lack of earnings history, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
 19 
 
    We recognize benefits of uncertain tax positions if it is more likely than not that such positions   will be sustained upon examination based solely on the technical merits, as the largest amount of benefits that is more likely than not to be realized upon the ultimate settlement. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the unrecogniz  ed tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. To date, there have been no interest or penalties recognized in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits.   
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our critical accounting policies are those policies which require the most significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with our most critical accounting policies are those relating to accrued research and development costs and stock-based compensation. 
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations included in our Prospectus, except for the determination of the fair value of our common stock, which was used in estimating the fair value of stock-based awards at grant date. Prior to our IPO, our stock was not publicly traded, therefore we estimated the fair value of our common stock as discussed in the Prospectus. Following our IPO, we established a policy of using the closing sale price per share of our common stock as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant for purposes of determining the exercise price per share of our share-based awards to purchase common stock. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, together with the changes in those items in dollars and as a percentage: 

*   
 
 Percentage not meaningful    

 Grant Revenues .  Grant revenues increased by $0.1 million, or 7%, to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to additional qualifying costs incurred in connection with the initiation and continuation of grant-related clinical trials for AEB1102.     
 20 
 
    Research and Development Expenses  .  Research and development expenses increased by $  2.3   million  , or   7  2%,   to $  5  .4 million for the three months ended   September     30, 2016 from $  3.1   million for the three months ended   September     30, 2015. Included in the research and development expenses are   costs directly associated with our lead product candidate A  EB1102, which increased to $  3.4   million for the three mont  hs ended   September   30, 2016 from $  2.  0   million for the t  hree months ended   September   30, 2015.   The increase in research and development expen  ses was primarily due to:  

Higher nonclinical expenses, which increased by $0.6 million as a result of additional toxicology studies and analysis costs in preparation for multi-dose clinical trials related to AEB1102;     

Higher personnel-related expenses, which increased by $0.9 million as a result of increased headcount to expand our internal regulatory and clinical development capabilities in support of the three separate clinical trials for AEB1102 in patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency, and hematological malignancies;     

Higher clinical development expenses, which increased by $0.6 million as a result of initiating our Phase 1 dose escalation trials for AEB1102 in patients with advanced solid tumors in October 2015, Arginase I deficiency in June 2016, and hematological malignancies in July 2016; and      

Higher manufacturing and intellectual property-related expenses, which increased by a combined $0.2 million as a result of pipeline development.      

 General and Administrative Expenses.     General and administrative expenses increased by $0.7 million, or 52%, to $2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase of $0.2 million in employee compensation, recruiting, and travel expenses, $0.3 million in professional services, audit and legal fees, and $0.2 million in insurance and other administrative costs associated with being a public company.  
 Interest Income .    Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. The increase in interest income to $72,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $5,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to purchased cash equivalents and marketable securities in September 2015 and funds invested from the closing of the IPO in April 2016.   
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, together with the changes in those items in dollars and as a percentage: 

*   
 
 Percentage not meaningful    

 Grant Revenues .  Grant revenues decreased by $1.1 million, or 25%, to $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was due to grant revenue recognized in connection with the execution of the Grant Contract in June 2015. Upon execution of the agreement, all accumulated qualified expenditures paid and incurred during the period from June 1, 2014 through June 30, 2015 were recognized as grant revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 21 
 
    Research and Development Expenses  .  Research and development expenses increased by $  5.9   million  , or   79  %,   to $  13  .  4   million for the   nine     months ended   September     30, 2016 from $  7.5   million for the   nine     months ended   September     30, 2015. Included in the research and development expenses are costs directly associated with our lead product candidate AEB1102, which   increased to $  8.4   million for the   nine   m  onths ended   September   30, 2016 from $  4  .6   million for the   nine     months ended   September   30, 2015. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to:  

Higher nonclinical expenses, which increased by $1.8 million as a result of additional toxicology studies and analysis costs in preparation for multi-dose clinical trials related to AEB1102 and additional research with the University of Texas at Austin, or the University;     

Higher personnel-related expenses, which increased by $2.1 million as a result of increased headcount to expand our internal regulatory and clinical development capabilities in support of the three separate clinical trials for AEB1102 in patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency, and hematological malignancies; and     

Higher clinical development expenses, which increased by $2.0 million primarily as a result of initiating our Phase 1 dose escalation trials for AEB1102 in patients with advanced solid tumors in October 2015, Arginase I deficiency in June 2016, and hematological malignancies in July 2016.     

 General and Administrative Expenses.     General and administrative expenses increased by $2.0 million, or 46%, to $6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase of $0.6 million in employee compensation, recruiting, and travel expenses, $1.0 million in professional services, audit and legal fees associated with preparing to be and being a public company and the development of administrative functions, and $0.4 million in insurance and other administrative costs associated with being a public company.  
 Interest Income .    Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. The increase in interest income to $172,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $11,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to purchased cash equivalents and marketable securities in September 2015 and funds invested from the closing of the IPO in April 2016.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of liquidity 
 We are an early stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history, and due to our significant research and development expenditures, we have generated operating losses since our inception and have not generated any revenue from the sale of any products. Since our inception and through September 30, 2016, we have funded our operations by raising an aggregate of $109.5 million of gross proceeds from the sale and issuance of convertible preferred and common equity securities and collecting $8.1 million in grant proceeds. Additionally, we entered into an agreement with our strategic manufacturing partner in 2013 to provide convertible preferred shares in exchange for services performed, with the obligation fully satisfied in June 2015.  
 In April 2016, we completed an IPO and sold 5,481,940 shares of common stock for aggregate proceeds of $47.3 million net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.  
 In June 2015, we entered into the Grant Contract with CPRIT, under which we expect to generate up to $19.8 million in grant funding to fund our development of AEB1102. Through September 30, 2016, we have collected $8.1 million in grant proceeds with $11.7 million available for future collection under the grant contract.  As of September 30, 2016, we have a grant receivable outstanding of $1.6 million. 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund the development of our lead product candidate, AEB1102. This includes both the research and development costs and the general and administrative expenses required to support those operations. Since we are an early stage company, we have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and we anticipate such losses, in absolute dollar terms, to increase as we continue our clinical trials in AEB1102 and expand our development efforts in our pipeline of nonclinical candidates. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $68.0 million. We believe that we have sufficient resources to fund our operations through June 30, 2018 with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 
 22 
 
    Future funding requirements and operational plan  
 Our operational plan for the near future is to commence and continue clinical trials for our lead product candidate AEB1102 in three separate indications, advanced solid tumors, hematological malignancies, and Arginase I deficiency, and to expand development for at least one additional product candidate. As such, we plan to increase our research and development expenditures for the foreseeable future with nonclinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing and an integrated biomarker strategy. We expect our principal expenditures during this time period to include expenses for the following: 

funding the continuing development of AEB1102;     

funding the advancement of additional product candidates; and     

funding working capital, including general operating expenses.     

 We anticipate that we will continue to generate losses into the foreseeable future as we develop our lead product candidates, seek regulatory approval of those candidates and begin to commercialize any approved products. Until such time as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings, research grants, collaborations, or other sources. We currently have no debt or debt facility or additional committed capital. To the extent that we raise additional equity, the ownership interest of our shareholders will be diluted. 
 Due to our significant research and development expenditures, we have generated substantial losses in each period since inception. We have an accumulated deficit of $39.8 million as of September 30, 2016. We expect to incur substantial losses in the future as we expand our research and development capabilities. Based on those plans, we expect our existing cash, cash equivalent, and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements at least through June 30, 2018. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, however, and we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Cash used in operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14.5 million and reflected a net loss of $16.2 million.  Our net loss was offset in part by non-cash expenses of $1.0 million for stock-based compensation. The change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in accounts payables of $0.3 million and accrued and other liabilities of $1.3 million driven by an increase in accrued research and development costs, offset by a $1.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets driven by an increase in prepaid manufacturing costs, clinical development costs and insurance premiums. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $10.1 million and reflected a net loss of $7.3 million and a decrease in operating assets and liabilities of $3.9 million. Our net loss was offset in part by non-cash expenses of $0.7 million for services performed by our strategic manufacturing partner for issued convertible preferred stock and $0.3 million for stock-based compensation. The change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in grant accounts receivable of $4.2 million driven by executing the Grant Contract in June 2015 and prepaid expenses and other assets of $0.5 million related to prepayment of nonclinical studies, offset by an increase of $0.8 million of accounts payable and accrued expenses driven by an increase in manufacturing and nonclinical activities.  
 23 
 
    Cash used in investing activities  
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14.7 million and primarily consisted of $20.4 million in purchases of marketable securities and $0.1 million in purchases of property and equipment offset by $5.8 million in maturities of marketable securities. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $3.5 million and primarily consisted of $3.3 million in purchases of marketable securities and $0.2 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $49.4 million, which consisted of $54.8 million from the IPO in April 2016, offset by $3.8 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and $1.7 million in offering costs, and $0.1 million in sale of common stock under our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $41.9 million resulting from the $44.0 million closing of the Series B financing in March 2015, offset by $0.3 million in Series B offering costs and $1.8 million in IPO offering costs. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 In September 2016, we amended our operating lease agreement for office space in Austin, Texas.  The amended lease increased the office space and extended the lease term through December 31, 2020. The total estimated rent payments over the amended term of the lease is approximately $1.2 million. 
 In August 2016, we amended our research agreement with the University. The scope and term under the agreement were extended through August 31, 2017 with a $750,000 increase in the maximum expenditure limitation. As of September 30, 2016, the research agreement, as amended, expires on August 31, 2017 with no remaining payment obligations after such date. 
 Contingent contractual obligations 
 The terms of the Grant Contract require that we pay tiered royalties in the low- to mid-single digit percentages on revenues from sales and license or products or services that are based upon, utilize, are developed from or materially incorporate the intellectual property resulting from the grant-funded activities for AEB1102.  Such royalties reduce to less than one percent after a mid-single digit multiple of the grant funds have been repaid to CPRIT in royalties. Such royalties are payable for so long as we have marketing exclusivity or patents covering the applicable product or service (or twelve years from commercial sale of product or service in certain countries if there is no such exclusivity or patent protection). 
 On December 24, 2013, two of our wholly owned subsidiaries, AECase, Inc., or AECase, and AEMase, Inc., or AEMase, entered into license agreements with the University under which the University has granted to AECase and AEMase exclusive, worldwide, sublicenseable licenses. The University granted the AECase license under a patent application relating to the right to use technology related to our AEB3103 product candidate. The University granted the AEMase license under a patent relating to the right to use technology related to our AEB2109 product candidate. 
 The licenses have substantially identical terms. With respect to each product candidate covered by a license with the University, AECase or AEMase could be required to pay the University up to $6.4 million milestone payments based on the achievement of certain development milestones, including clinical trials and regulatory approvals, the majority of which are due upon the achievement of later development milestones, including a $5.0 million payment due on regulatory approval of a product and a $500,000 payment payable on final regulatory approval of a product for a second indication. AECase and AEMase are also required to pay an annual license fee, ranging from $5,000 to $25,000. In addition, AECase and AEMase will pay the University a low single digit royalty on worldwide-net sales of products covered under each license agreement, together with a revenue share on non-royalty consideration received from sublicensees. The rate of the revenue share depends on the date the sublicense agreement is signed. The rate is 30% for agreements signed in 2014, 25% for agreements signed in 2015, 20% for agreements signed in 2016, 15% for agreements signed in 2017 and 6.5% for agreements signed in 2018 and thereafter. The University may terminate the agreement for breach by AECase or AEMase that is not cured within 30 or 60 days of notice (depending on the type of breach) and three or more financial breaches in any nine month period which, even if cured, were not cured within 30 days of notice, or if AECase or AEMase or any of their respective affiliates or sublicensees participates in any proceeding to challenge the licensed patent rights (unless, with respect to sublicensees, AECase or AEMase terminates the applicable sublicense). 
 24 
 
    Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC regulations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to continue as a Going Concern,  which will require management to assess, at each annual and interim reporting period, the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 do not have any application to an entity s financial statements, but only to disclosure in the related notes. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and early application is permitted. We intend to apply ASU 2014-15 in the first quarter of 2017 and for the annual period ending December 31, 2016. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which establishes a comprehensive new lease accounting model. The new standard: (a) clarifies the definition of a lease; (b) requires a dual approach to lease classification similar to current lease classifications; and, (c) causes lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use asset for leases with a lease-term of more than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires modified retrospective application. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business.  These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we held $68.0 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, all of which was denominated in U.S. dollar assets, and consisting primarily of investments in reverse repurchase agreements and U.S government and agency securities. 
 Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because our investments are in short-term marketable securities. Our marketable securities are subject to interest rate risk and could fall in value if market interest rates increase. Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our investment portfolio. We have the ability to hold our marketable securities until maturity, and therefore we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a change in market interest rates on our investments. 

Item 4.   
 
     Controls and Procedures.    

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
   Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file  
 25 
 
  or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal exe  cutive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance   of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings    

 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 1A.   
 
     Risk Factors    

 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 We are an early-stage biotechnology company. We began operations as a limited liability company in December 2013 and converted to a Delaware corporation in March 2015. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing our technology, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking nonclinical studies, and preparing for, commencing and conducting initial clinical trials of our most advanced product candidate, AEB1102. 
 We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete any clinical trials, including large-scale, pivotal clinical trials, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Products, on average, take ten to 15 years to be developed from the time they are discovered to the time they are approved and available for treating patients. Although we have recruited a team that has experience with clinical trials, as a company we have little experience in conducting clinical trials. In part because of this lack of experience, we cannot be certain that planned or ongoing clinical trials will begin or be completed on time, if at all. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability based on our short operating history to date may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or an established track record in commercializing products or conducting clinical trials. 
 In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. 
 26 
 
    We have no source of product revenue and we have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability.  
 We have a limited operating history. We have no approved products and have only recently begun clinical development of AEB1102. Our ability to generate revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to successfully complete the development of any of our product candidates, including AEB1102, for any of our target indications and to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. To date, we have recognized revenue solely from a government grant and have not generated any product revenue. Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we do not know when these product candidates will generate revenue for us, if at all. 
 In addition, since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reported a net loss of $6.2 million and $16.2 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we reported a net loss of $11.3 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $39.8 million. We have financed our operations primarily through private placements of our preferred stock, the initial public offering, or IPO, of our common stock, which closed on April 12, 2016, and collection of a research grant. We have devoted substantially all of our efforts to research and development. We have only recently initiated clinical development for AEB1102 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. We have not initiated clinical development of our other product candidates and expect that it will be many years, if ever, before we have a product candidate ready for commercialization. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

continue our research, nonclinical and clinical development of our product candidates;     

seek to identify additional product candidates;     

conduct additional nonclinical studies and initiate clinical trials for our product candidates;     

seek marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, including pivotal trials;     

ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval;     

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;     

hire additional executive, clinical, quality control and scientific personnel;     

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development; and     

acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies.     

 We are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses, or when, or if, we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development. In addition, our expenses could increase significantly beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other relevant regulatory authorities to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if AEB1102, or any of our other product candidates, is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with the commercial launch of any product candidate. 
 To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize a product candidate or product candidates with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing nonclinical testing, initiating and completing clinical trials of one or more of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. We are currently only in the nonclinical development stages for most of our product candidates, and have only recently initiated clinical development for AEB1102 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain or expand our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company would also cause you to lose part or even all of your investment. 
 27 
 
    We may not be successful in advancing the clinical   development of our product candidates, including AEB1102.  
 In order to execute on our strategy of advancing the clinical development of our product candidates, we have initiated our ongoing Phase 1 trials of AEB1102 in the United States for the treatment of patients with Arginase I deficiency and advanced solid tumors. We have also recently initiated our Phase 1 trial of AEB1102 for the treatment of hematological malignancies and have designed the planned expansion portion of our Phase 1 trial of AEB1102 for the treatment of tumors predicted to be dependent on arginine based on our biomarker studies in archival tumor samples and in patient-derived xenograft efficacy studies, or studies involving the growth of tissue or cells from one species in a different species. If our product candidate fails to work as we expect, our ability to assess the therapeutic effect, seek regulatory approval or otherwise begin or further clinical development, could be compromised. This may result in longer development times, larger trials and a greater likelihood of not obtaining regulatory approval. 
 In addition, as we pursue oncology-related applications of our product candidates, because the natural history of different tumor types is variable, we will need to study our product candidates, including AEB1102, in clinical trials specific for a given tumor type and this may result in increased time and cost. Even if our product candidate demonstrates efficacy in a particular tumor type, we cannot guarantee that any product candidate, including AEB1102, will behave similarly in all tumor types, and we will be required to obtain separate regulatory approvals for each tumor type we intend a product candidate to treat. If any of our ongoing or planned clinical trials are unsuccessful, our business will suffer. 
 We or third parties may not be successful in developing companion diagnostic assays for our product candidates. 
 In developing a product candidate, we expect that if we use a biomarker-based test to identify and only enroll patients in clinical trials with tumors that express the biomarker, the FDA will require the development and regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic assay as a condition to approval of the product candidate. We do not have experience or capabilities in developing or commercializing these companion diagnostics and plan to rely in large part on third parties to perform these functions. Companion diagnostic assays are subject to regulation by the FDA as medical devices and require separate regulatory approval prior to the use of such diagnostic assays with a therapeutic product candidate. If we, or any third parties that we engage to assist us, are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostic assays for use with our product candidates, or experience delays in development, we may be unable to identify patients with the specific profile targeted by our product candidates for enrollment in our clinical trials. Accordingly, further investment may be required to further develop or obtain the required regulatory approval for the relevant companion diagnostic assay, which would delay or substantially impact our ability to conduct further clinical trials or obtain regulatory approval. In addition, if a companion diagnostic is necessary for any of our product candidates, the delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval of the companion diagnostic would delay or prevent the approval of the therapeutic product candidate. EMA, MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may also require the development and regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic assay as a condition to approval of the product candidate. 
 We will need substantial additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we would be compelled to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 We expect our expenses to increase in parallel with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue our discovery and nonclinical development to identify new clinical candidates and initiate and continue clinical trials of, and seek marketing approval for, our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our discovery and nonclinical development programs or any future clinical development or commercialization efforts. 
 Based upon our planned use of the net proceeds from our IPO, we estimate such funds will be sufficient for us to fund our recently initiated Phase 1 trial in the United States and the planned Phase 2 trial in Europe for the treatment of patients with Arginase I deficiency, and to continue to fund our Phase 1 trials for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the costs associated with the scope, progress and results of compound discovery, nonclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates;     

the costs related to the extent to which we enter into partnerships or other arrangements with third parties in order to further develop our product candidates;     

 28 

the costs and fees associated with the discovery, acquisition or in-license of product candidates or technologies;     

our ability to establish collaborations on favorable terms, if at all;     

the costs of future commercialization activities, if any, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval;     

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; and     

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims.     

 Our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of product candidates that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or equity-linked offerings, debt financings, grants from research organizations and license and collaboration agreements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may rank senior to our common stock and include liquidation or other preferences, covenants or other terms that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Further, any future sales of our common stock by us or resale of our common stock by our existing stockholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or that may reduce the value of our common stock. 
 We depend heavily on the success of our most advanced product candidate, AEB1102. All of our product candidates, other than AEB1102, are still in nonclinical development or nonclinical testing, and for AEB1102, the early stages of clinical development. Existing and future clinical trials of our product candidates, including AEB1102, may not be successful. If we are unable to commercialize our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the nonclinical and clinical development and testing of our most advanced product candidate, AEB1102, for the treatment of patients with Arginase I deficiency and patients with advanced solid tumors and hematological malignancies that are dependent on arginine. Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of AEB1102. The success of AEB1102 and our other product candidates will depend on many factors, including the following: 

successful enrollment of patients in, and the completion of, our ongoing and planned clinical trials;     

receiving marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;     

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;     

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and non-patent exclusivity for our product candidates and their components;     

enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims;     

achieving desirable therapeutic properties for our product candidates  intended indications;     

 29 

launching commercial sales of our product   candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with third parties;     

acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors;     

effectively competing with other therapies; and     

maintaining an acceptable safety profile of our product candidates through clinical trials and following regulatory approval.     

 If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. 
 Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. We may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any of our product candidates. 
 We have only recently initiated clinical trials of our lead product candidate AEB1102, and the risk of failure for all of our product candidates is high. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, we must complete nonclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans for the respective target indications. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process, and we only recently commenced clinical trials for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. Further, the results of nonclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials that will likely differ in design and size from early-stage clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. For example, while we have observed a temporary reduction in blood arginine for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, this data may not necessarily be predictive of the final results of all patients intended to be enrolled in this Phase 1 trial or in future trials. Furthermore, our early clinical trials, such as our recently initiated Phase 1 clinical trials for the treatment of Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies, will evaluate the safety of our product candidates, and we will not be evaluating the efficacy of our product candidates in these early trials. Moreover, nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in nonclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. It is impossible to predict when or if any of our product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. 
 We may experience delays in our ongoing and planned clinical trials and we do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin or enroll subjects on time, whether they will need to be redesigned or whether they will be able to be completed on schedule, if at all. There can be no assurance that the FDA, EMA, MHRA or any similar foreign regulatory agency will allow us to begin clinical trials or that they will not put any of the trials for any of our product candidates that enter or have entered clinical development on clinical hold in the future. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our product candidates. Clinical trials may be delayed, suspended or prematurely terminated because costs are greater than we anticipate or for a variety of reasons, such as: 

delay or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA, EMA, MHRA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design that we are able to execute;     

delay or failure in obtaining authorization to commence a trial or inability to comply with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of a clinical trial;     

delays in reaching, or failure to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with planned trial sites;     

reports of safety issues, side effects or dose-limiting toxicities, or any additional or more severe safety issues in addition to those observed to date;     

inability, delay, or failure in identifying and maintaining a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical programs;     

delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in one or more clinical trials;     

delay or failure in having subjects complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;     

 30 

clinical sites and investigators deviating from the trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with   regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial;     

a clinical hold for any of our ongoing or planned clinical trials, including for AEB1102, where a clinical hold in a trial in one indication would result in a clinical hold for clinical trials in other indications;     

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct more clinical trials than we anticipate or abandon product development programs;     

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or insufficient or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate;     

we may experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients with Arginase I deficiency or patients with tumors or hematological malignancies dependent on arginine, including the identification of patients with Arginase I deficiency or development or identification of a test, if needed, to screen for those cancer patients;     

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;     

we may have difficulty partnering with experienced CROs that can screen for patients with tumors or hematological malignancies dependent on arginine that AEB1102 is designed to target and with CROs that can run our clinical trials effectively;     

regulators may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;     

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; or     

there may be changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions.     

 If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully initiate or complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests do not demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit or if our product candidates do not have an acceptable safety profile, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates;     

not obtain marketing approval at all;     

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired;     

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings that would reduce the potential market for our product candidates or inhibit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates;     

be subject to additional post-marketing restrictions and/or testing requirements; or     

have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval.     

 We do not know whether any of our planned or current nonclinical studies, or ongoing or planned clinical trials, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. For example, we withdrew our initial IND for the treatment of Arginase I deficiency in order to comply with new draft guidance issued by the FDA that required additional toxicology studies. In addition, we originally proposed including subjects younger than age 18 in our initial Phase 1 trial in patients with Arginase I deficiency; however, the FDA stated that enrollment in this Phase 1 trial must currently be limited to adult patients 18 years and older. Significant nonclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 31 
 
    We may not be able to submit INDs, or foreign equivalents outside of the United States, to commence clinical trials for product candidates on the timeframes we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory   authorities may not permit us to proceed with planned clinical trials.  
 We are currently conducting nonclinical development of our product candidates other than our clinical trials for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. Progression of any candidate into clinical trials is inherently risky and dependent on the results obtained in nonclinical programs, and other potential results such as the results of other clinical programs and results of third-party programs. If results are not available when expected or problems are identified during therapy development, we may experience significant delays in clinical development. This may also impact our ability to achieve certain financial milestones and the expected timeframes to market any of our product candidates. Failure to submit or have effective INDs, CTAs or other comparable foreign equivalents and commence clinical programs will significantly limit our opportunity to generate revenue. 
 Our engineered human enzyme product candidates for our oncology indications represent a novel approach to cancer treatment, which could result in heightened regulatory scrutiny, delays in clinical development, or delays in our ability to achieve regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Engineered human enzyme products are a new category of therapeutics. Because this is a relatively new and expanding area of novel therapeutic interventions, there can be no assurance as to the length of the trial period, the number of patients the FDA, EMA, MHRA or another applicable regulatory authority will require to be enrolled in the trials in order to establish the safety, efficacy, purity and potency of engineered human enzyme products, or that the data generated in these trials will be acceptable to the FDA or another applicable regulatory authority to support marketing approval. 
 We have only recently initiated our Phase 1 clinical trials for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. We have not dosed any of our other product candidates in humans. Our existing and future planned clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events, toxicities or other side effects not seen in our nonclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. 
 In order to obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for the relevant clinical indication or indications through nonclinical studies and clinical trials as well as additional supporting data. If our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in nonclinical studies or clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to interrupt, delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. 
 We have only recently initiated our clinical trials for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, Arginase I deficiency and hematological malignancies. Given the nature of the patient population enrolled in these trials, we have observed and expect to continue to observe serious adverse events which could be related or unrelated to AEB1102. For example, in our Phase 1 trial for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors, we have observed serious adverse events in some patients, including death, none of which have been assessed as related to the administration of AEB1102. Similarly, in our Phase 1 trial for the treatment of patients with hematological malignancies, we have observed serious adverse events in some patients, none of which have been assessed as related to the administration of the AEB1102. To date, principal investigators do not consider any of these serious adverse events to be drug-related. Subjects in our ongoing and planned clinical trials may suffer significant serious adverse events, including those that are drug-related, or other side effects not observed in our nonclinical studies, including, but not limited to, immune responses, organ toxicities such as liver, heart or kidney or other tolerability issues. We have not dosed any of our other product candidates in humans. 
   Testing in animals, such as our primate studies for AEB1102, may not uncover all side effects in humans or any observed side effects in animals may be more severe in humans. For example, it is possible that patients  immune systems may recognize our engineered human enzymes as foreign and trigger an immune response. This risk is heightened in patients who lack the target enzyme, as is the case with patients with Arginase I deficiency that we are treating in our recently initiated Phase 1 trial and our future trials for this IEM. In addition, our product candidates such as AEB1102 break down target amino acids such as arginine, thereby releasing metabolites such as ornithine into the bloodstream. Some patients may be sensitive to these metabolites, increasing the risk of an adverse reaction due to treatment, which risk may not be able to be mitigated through dosing. Finally, although our engineered human enzyme  
 32 
 
  product candidates such as AEB1102 are engineered from the human genome, AEB1102 is produced in   E. coli  . This manufacturing process could lead AEB1102 t  o be more likely to trigger an immune response than we expect.  
 To the extent significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to the clinical trial, patients may drop out of our trial, or we may be required to abandon the trial or our development efforts of that product candidate altogether. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage studies have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the drug from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Further, toxicities associated with our product candidates may also develop after regulatory approval and lead to the withdrawal of the product from the market. We cannot predict whether our product candidates will cause organ or other injury in humans that would preclude or lead to the revocation of regulatory approval based on nonclinical studies or early stage clinical testing. 
 If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in our ongoing or planned clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 
 We may not be able to initiate or continue our ongoing or planned clinical trials if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States. More specifically, many of our product candidates, including AEB1102, initially target indications that may be characterized as orphan markets, which can prolong the clinical trial timeline for the regulatory process if sufficient patients cannot be enrolled in a timely manner. Arginase I deficiency, for example, is the least common of the urea cycle disorders, with a reported incidence of 1:350,000 to 1:1,000,000 live births. Urea cycle disorders are the IEM resulting from defects in the enzymes of the urea cycle, the process by which the human body detoxifies ammonia, a natural byproduct of protein metabolism. While there is currently a neonatal blood test to screen for Arginase I deficiency, it has only been in broad use in the United States since 2006 and is not commonly used in Europe. We plan initially to treat patients who are 18 and older in the United States. The urea cycle disorder consortium and one national urea cycle disorder patient group have together identified an aggregate of approximately 22 patients with Arginase I deficiency in the United States and approximately 16 in Europe. Because neonatal blood testing for this disorder did not become common in the United States until 2006, we believe that approximately half of those identified in the United States are younger than 18, and thus would not be eligible for inclusion in our recently initiated Phase 1 trial in the United States. 
 Delays in patient enrollment could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical trials altogether. 
 Patient enrollment is affected by factors including: 

the severity of the disease under investigation;     

the design of the clinical trial protocol;     

the novelty of the product candidate and acceptance by physicians;     

the patient eligibility criteria for the study in question;     

the size of the total patient population;     

the design of the clinical trials;     

the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study;     

our payments for conducting clinical trials;     

the patient referral practices of physicians;     

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment with the product candidate; and     

the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients.     

   In addition, some patients with Arginase I deficiency suffer from heightened levels of ammonia, or hyperammonemia. Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc., which has been acquired by Horizon Pharma plc, has gained approval for  
 33 
 
  its product RAVICTI (glycerol phenylbutyrate) to treat patients with urea cycle disorders suffering from hyperammonemia. Some patients who may be eligible for our   ongoing or   planned clinical trials may instead pursue treatment for this effect of their con  dition by taking RAVICTI (glycerol phenylbutyrate) or through dietary protein restriction. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for any of our clinical trials could result in significant delays and could require us to abandon one or more   clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates and in delays to commercially launching our product candidates, if approved, which would cause the value of our compa  ny to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing.  
 Even though we have obtained orphan drug designation for AEB1102 for the treatment of hyperargininemia, we may not obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity for AEB1102 and we may not obtain orphan drug designation or exclusivity for any of our other product candidates or indications. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs or biologics for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Similarly, the European Commission may designate a product as an orphan drug under certain circumstances. 
 Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA or the EMA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for that time period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 On March 16, 2015, we obtained orphan drug designation in the United States for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with hyperargininemia, also known as Arginase I deficiency. On July 14, 2016, we also received orphan drug designation in Europe for AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with Arginase I deficiency. A company that first obtains FDA or EMA approval for a designated orphan drug for the specified rare disease or condition receives orphan drug marketing exclusivity for that drug for a period of seven years in the United States or ten years in the European Union, respectively. This orphan drug exclusivity prevents the FDA or EMA from approving another application, including a Biologics License Application, or BLA, in the United States or a MAA in the European Union, to market a drug containing the same active moiety, or principal molecular structure, for the same orphan indication, except in very limited circumstances, including when the FDA or the EMA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. 
 Even though we have received orphan drug designation for AEB1102 for the treatment of Arginase I deficiency, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical product candidates. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition or a drug with the same active moiety can be approved for a different indication. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. In addition, even if we intend to seek orphan drug designation for other product candidates or indications, we may never receive such designations or obtain orphan drug exclusivity. 
 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our future product revenues may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 Our understanding of both the number of people who suffer from conditions such as Arginase I deficiency or who have advanced tumors or hematological malignancies dependent on arginine, as well as the potential subset of those who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates such as AEB1102, are based on estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect and new studies may reduce the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients in the United States, Europe or elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our product candidates or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 34 
 
    Further, there are several factors t  hat could contribute to making the actual number of patients who receive our potential product candidates less than the potentially addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new therapies in ma  ny underdeveloped markets.  
 Even if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and physicians may continue to rely on these treatments instead of adopting the use of AEB1102 for the treatment of patients with arginine dependent cancers. In addition, many new drugs have been recently approved and many more are in the pipeline to treat patients with cancer. Additionally, current treatments for Arginase I deficiency include dietary protein restriction and, in some instances, ammonia-scavenging drugs such as RAVICTI (glycerol phenylbutyrate). If our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may never generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

their efficacy, safety and other potential advantages compared to alternative treatments;     

our ability to offer them for sale at competitive prices;     

their convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments;     

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies;     

the strength of marketing and distribution support;     

the availability of third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates;     

the prevalence and severity of their side effects;     

any restrictions on the use of our product candidates together with other medications;     

interactions of our product candidates with other products patients are taking; and     

inability of patients with certain medical histories to take our product candidates.     

 We expect to expand our development and regulatory capabilities and potentially implement sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, and, as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of product candidate development, regulatory affairs and, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, sales, marketing and distribution. 
 We currently do not have a marketing or sales team for the marketing, sales and distribution of any of our product candidates that are able to obtain regulatory approval. In order to commercialize any product candidates, we must build on a territory-by-territory basis marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. If our product candidates receive regulatory approval, we intend to establish an internal sales or marketing team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our product candidates, which will be expensive and time consuming and will require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of any of our product candidates that we obtain approval to market. With respect to the commercialization of all or certain of our product candidates, we may choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval or any such commercialization may experience delays or limitations. If we are not successful in commercializing our product candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product revenue will suffer and we may incur significant additional losses. 
 35 
 
    To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel.   Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified   personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations.  
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive. We have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, product candidates that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we are currently developing or that we may develop. 
 We face intense competition from companies developing products to address urea cycle disorders. For example, Horizon Pharma plc has gained approval for its drug RAVICTI (glycerol phenylbutyrate), which is used to treat patients with urea cycle disorders suffering from hyperammonemia, which may sometimes include patients suffering from Arginase I deficiency. Patients with Arginase I deficiency may also benefit from taking RAVICTI (glycerol phenylbutyrate). We also face intense competition from companies developing products and therapies to treat cancer. For example, Polaris Pharmaceuticals is conducting numerous clinical trials of ADI-PEG 20, an enzyme derived from mycoplasma, which degrades arginine in the blood.      
 Our ability to compete successfully will depend largely on our ability to leverage our experience in product candidate discovery and development to: 

discover and develop product candidates that are superior to other products in the market;     

attract qualified scientific, product development and commercial personnel;     

obtain and maintain patent and/or other proprietary protection for our product candidates and technologies;     

obtain required regulatory approvals; and     

successfully collaborate with research institutions or pharmaceutical companies in the discovery, development and commercialization of new product candidates.     

 The availability and price of our competitors  products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any of our product candidates, if approved. We will not achieve our business plan if acceptance is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing drug products or other therapies to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. 
 Established biotechnology companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of products that could make our product candidates less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA or non-U.S. regulatory approval or discovering, developing and commercializing product candidates before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. Many of our competitors have greater resources than we do and have established sales and marketing capabilities, whether internally or through third parties. We will not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates without establishing sales and marketing capabilities internally or through strategic partners. 
 36 
 
    The insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly-approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for new or current product candidates co  uld limit our ability to market those product candidates and decrease our ability to generate revenue.  
 The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval will depend substantially, both in the United States and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services since CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to reimbursement for novel products such as ours since there is no body of established practices and precedents for these new products. Reimbursement agencies in Europe may be more conservative than CMS. For example, a number of cancer drugs have been approved for reimbursement in the United States and have not been approved for reimbursement in certain European countries. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of therapeutics such as our product candidates. In many countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. In general, the prices of products under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenues and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors, in the United States and internationally, to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products into the healthcare market. 
 In addition to CMS and private payors, professional organizations such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and the American Society of Clinical Oncology can influence decisions about reimbursement for new products by determining standards for care. In addition, many private payors contract with commercial vendors who sell software that provide guidelines that attempt to limit utilization of, and therefore reimbursement for, certain products deemed to provide limited benefit to existing alternatives. Such organizations may set guidelines that limit reimbursement or utilization of our product candidates. 
   Furthermore, some of our target indications, including for Arginase I deficiency for AEB1102, are orphan indications where patient populations are small. In order for therapeutics that are designed to treat smaller patient populations to be commercially viable, the reimbursement for such therapeutics must be higher, on a relative basis, to account for the lack of volume. Accordingly, we will need to implement a coverage and reimbursement strategy for any approved product candidate that accounts for the smaller potential market size. If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any future product candidates from third-party payors, the adoption of those products and  
 37 
 
  sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell those product candidates, if approved  , and ultimately our financial results  .  
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 We are an early-stage clinical development company with a limited operating history, and, as of September 30, 2016, had only 31 employees, including five executive officers. We are highly dependent on the research and development, clinical and business development expertise of Dr. David G. Lowe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as the other principal members of our management, scientific and clinical team. Any of our management team members may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain  key person  insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, facilitate regulatory approval of and commercialize product candidates. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. For instance, in October 2016, Sandra Rojas-Caro resigned from her position as Chief Medical Officer and we are currently in the process of searching for a new Chief Medical Officer. There is no assurance that a qualified individual will be found timely or engaged on acceptable terms. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions.  
 In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors such as our scientific advisory board, to assist us in formulating our discovery and nonclinical development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors, including members of our scientific advisory board, may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 
 Our product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 With the enactment of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products was created. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an existing reference product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the original branded product is approved under a BLA. On March 6, 2015, the FDA approved the first biosimilar product under the BPCIA. However, the law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when the processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 
 We believe that if any of our product candidates are approved as a biological product under a BLA, it should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that the FDA will not consider any of our product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. Additionally, this period of regulatory exclusivity does not apply to companies pursuing regulatory approval via their own traditional BLA, rather than via the abbreviated pathway. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products that may be approved in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 
   Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our strategic partners and third-parties on whom we rely are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural  
 38 
 
  disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Furthermore, we have little or no control over the security measures and computer systems of third parties including the University of Texas at Austin and any CROs we may work with i  n the future. While we and, to our knowledge, our third-party strategic partners have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, or the operations   of our strategic partner KBI BioPharma, Inc., or KBI, the University of Texas at Austin or our other third-party strategic partners, it could result in a material disruption of our product candidate development programs. For example, the loss of research d  ata by University of Texas at Austin could delay development of our product candidates and the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts, and we may incur subs  tantial costs to attempt to recover or reproduce the data. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability or   the further development of our product candidates could be delayed.  
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We will rely on third parties to conduct our ongoing and future planned clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials. 
 We currently rely and will continue to rely on third parties to provide manufacturing, discovery and clinical development capabilities. For example, we rely on the University of Texas at Austin to provide research under our sponsored research agreement, and we rely on our strategic partner KBI to manufacture and supply nonclinical and clinical trial quantities of the biological substance of our lead product candidate, AEB1102 and pipeline product candidates. We also expect to rely on KBI to manufacture and supply commercial quantities of AEB1102. Until we develop our own drug discovery capabilities, we will continue to depend on third parties such as the University of Texas at Austin for the identification of future targets for our product candidates. 
 We will rely on third-party CROs to conduct our ongoing and future planned clinical trials of AEB1102. We do not plan to independently conduct clinical trials of our other product candidates. These agreements might terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, that would delay our product development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our ongoing and future planned clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with regulatory standards, commonly referred to as good clinical practices for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Other countries  regulatory agencies also have requirements for clinical trials with which we must comply. We also will be required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database,  ClinicalTrials.gov , within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our ongoing and future planned clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to complete our clinical trials, obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. 
 We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our product candidates, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 39 
 
    We contract with third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for nonclinical   studies   and   our ongoing and   future   planned clinical testing and expect to continue to do so for commercialization. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates at an acceptable cost and quality, which could de  lay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts.  
 We do not own or operate facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates, and we do not have any manufacturing personnel. We currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties, including KBI and Lyophilization Services of New England, Inc., for the manufacture of our product candidates for nonclinical studies and for our existing and future planned clinical trials. We also expect to rely on third parties, including KBI, for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a source for bulk drug substance. Currently, KBI is supplying, and is expected to continue to supply, the drug substance requirements for our ongoing and planned clinical trials with AEB1102. If KBI cannot supply us with sufficient amounts, pursuant to product requirements as agreed, we may be required to identify alternative manufacturers, which would lead us to incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any replacement. 
 The formulation used in early studies is not a final formulation for commercialization. If we are unable to demonstrate that our commercial scale product is comparable to the product used in clinical trials, we may not receive regulatory approval for that product without additional clinical trials. We have contracted with KBI for certain studies related to potential commercial scale manufacturing of AEB1102, but there is no guarantee that such studies will be completed successfully, on time, or at all. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to make any required modifications within currently anticipated timeframes or that such modifications, if and when made, will obtain regulatory approval or that the new processes or modified processes will be successfully implemented by or transferred to any third-party contract suppliers within currently anticipated timeframes. These may require additional studies, and may delay our clinical trials and/or commercialization. 
 We expect to rely on third-party manufacturers, including KBI, or third-party strategic partners for the manufacture of commercial supply of any product candidates for which our strategic partners or we obtain marketing approval. We may be unable to establish any additional agreements with third-party manufacturers, including KBI, or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers on acceptable terms, such third-party manufacturers may have limited experience manufacturing pharmaceutical drugs for commercialization, and reliance on third-party manufacturers for the commercial supply of our products may expose us to various risks, including: 

possible noncompliance by the third party with regulatory requirements and quality assurance;     

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party;     

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and     

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us.     

 Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Although we do not have day-to-day control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards, we are responsible for ensuring compliance with such regulations and standards. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which would significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates and our business. 
 In addition, the process of manufacturing and administering our product candidates is complex and highly regulated. As a result of the complexities, our manufacturing and supply costs are likely to be higher than those at more traditional manufacturing processes and the manufacturing process is less reliable and more difficult to reproduce. 
 40 
 
    We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product c  andidates or commercialization of our product candidates, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue.  
 Our product candidates and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any product candidates that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Failure of any future third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize companion diagnostics developed for use with our therapeutic product candidates for oncology indications could harm our ability to commercialize these product candidates. 
 We do not plan to develop companion diagnostics internally and, as a result, we are dependent on the efforts of our third-party strategic partners to successfully commercialize any needed companion diagnostics. Our strategic partners: 

may not perform their obligations as expected;     

may encounter production difficulties that could constrain the supply of the companion diagnostics;     

may have difficulties gaining acceptance of the use of the companion diagnostics in the clinical community;     

may not pursue commercialization of any companion diagnostics;     

may elect not to continue or renew commercialization programs based on changes in the strategic partners  strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities;     

may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such companion diagnostic product candidates; and     

may terminate their relationship with us.     

 If companion diagnostics needed for use with our therapeutic product candidates in oncology fail to gain market acceptance, our ability to derive revenues from sales of these therapeutic product candidates could be harmed. If our strategic partners fail to commercialize these companion diagnostics, it could adversely affect and delay the development or commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates. 
 We may not be successful in finding strategic partners for continuing development of certain of our product candidates or successfully commercializing or competing in the market for certain indications. 
 We may seek to develop strategic partnerships for developing certain of our product candidates, due to capital costs required to develop the product candidates or manufacturing constraints. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort or third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. In addition, we may be restricted under existing collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements with potential strategic partners. We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve an economic benefit that justifies such transaction. 
 If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable strategic partners on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program, delay its potential commercialization, reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 41 
 
    Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could cause significant liability for us   and harm our reputation.  
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct, including intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, provide accurate information to the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws, standards or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 We and our strategic partners that we rely on may be adversely affected by natural disasters, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations or the operations of KBI s manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as KBI s manufacturing facilities, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and may not prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. KBI s manufacturing facility, as well as substantially all of our current supply of product candidates is located in Durham, North Carolina, and we do not have any existing back-up facilities in place or plans for such back-up facilities. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals in the United States or in foreign jurisdictions, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
   Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to a BLA in the United States, and by the EMA pursuant to a MAA, and by other comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States prior to commercialization. The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and internationally, is expensive and takes many  
 42 
 
  years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantia  lly based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval in Europe or another   non-U.S. jurisdiction may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries o  utside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We or our third-party strategic partners may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the U  nited States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory   authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not be able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our product candidates in any market.  
 Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval requires the submission of extensive nonclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory authorities. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional nonclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from nonclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may also cause delays in or prevent the approval of an application. 
 Approval of our product candidates may be delayed or refused for many reasons, including the following: 

the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials;     

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications;     

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval;     

we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates  clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks;     

the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical programs or clinical trials;     

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA, MHRA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a BLA, MAA or other comparable submission in other jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere;     

the facilities of the third-party manufacturers with which we partner may not be adequate to support approval of our product candidates; and     

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval.     

 New products for the treatment of cancer frequently are initially indicated only for patient populations that have not responded to an existing therapy or have relapsed. If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, the approved labeling may limit the use of our product candidates in this way, which could limit sales of the product. 
 Any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 43 
 
    A  ny   Fast Track Designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our product candida  tes will receive marketing approval.  
 We have received Fast Track Designation from the FDA for our lead product candidate AEB1102 for the treatment of hyperargininemia secondary to Arginase I deficiency, and may seek such designation for some or all of our product candidates. If a drug or biologic is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug or biologic demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug or biologic sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation. Even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even though we have received Fast Track Designation for AEB1102 for the treatment of hyperargininemia secondary to Arginase I deficiency, and even if we receive Fast Track Designation for other product candidates or indications in the future, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Many drugs or biologics that have received Fast Track Designation have failed to obtain approval. 
 We may also seek accelerated approval for products that have obtained fast track designation. Under the FDA s accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve a drug or biologic for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. For drugs or biologics granted accelerated approval, post-marketing confirmatory trials are required to describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence and, in some cases, the FDA may require that the trial be designed and/or initiated prior to approval. Moreover, the FDA may withdraw approval of our product candidate or indication approved under the accelerated approval pathway if, for example: 

the trial or trials required to verify the predicted clinical benefit of our product candidate fail to verify such benefit or do not demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit to justify the risks associated with the drug;     

other evidence demonstrates that our product candidate is not shown to be safe or effective under the conditions of use;     

we fail to conduct any required post-approval trial of our product candidate with due diligence; or     

we disseminate false or misleading promotional materials relating to the relevant product candidate.     

 A Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We do not currently have Breakthrough Therapy Designation for any of our product candidates, but may seek such designation. A Breakthrough Therapy is defined as a drug or biologic that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies with respect to one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs or biologics that have been designated as Breakthrough Therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor can help to identify the most efficient path for development. 
 Designation as a Breakthrough Therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe, after completing early clinical trials, that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a Breakthrough Therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs or biologics considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as Breakthrough Therapies, the FDA may later decide that such product candidates no longer meet the conditions for qualification. 
 44 
 
    Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive   post-marketing regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with   our product candidates, when and if any of them are approved.  
 Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their testing, manufacture, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP, requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, including periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. 
 The FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of any approved product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics to ensure drugs and biologics are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers  communications regarding use of their products and if we promote our product candidates beyond their approved indications, we may be subject to enforcement action for off-label promotion. Violations of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. 
 In addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our product candidates, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including: 

restrictions on such product candidates, manufacturers or manufacturing processes;     

restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product;     

restrictions on product distribution or use;     

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials;     

warning or untitled letters;     

withdrawal of any approved product from the market;     

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit;     

recall of product candidates;     

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues;     

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals;     

refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates;     

product seizure; or     

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.     

 Non-compliance with European requirements regarding safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population, can also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with Europe s requirements regarding the protection of personal information can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 
 45 
 
    Our relationships with customers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, repu  tational harm and diminished profits and future earnings.  
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid;     

the federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower or   qui tam   actions,   against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;     

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;     

federal law requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs to report payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, which includes annual data collection and reporting obligations. The information was made publicly available on a searchable website in September 2014 and will be disclosed on an annual basis; and     

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers.     

 Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion of product candidates from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 46 
 
    In the United States, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the   MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for physician-administered   drugs. In addition, this legislation provided authority for limiting the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. Cost reduction initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receiv  e for any approved product candidates. While the MMA only applies to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction i  n reimbursement that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors.  
 More recently, in March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. 
 Among the provisions of the ACA of importance to our potential product candidates are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents;     

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program;     

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act and the Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for noncompliance;     

a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices;     

extension of manufacturers  Medicaid rebate liability to manage care initiation;     

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs;     

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program;     

requirements to report financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals;     

a requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and     

a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research.     

 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, starting in 2013. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding. 
 We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 47 
 
    If we fail to comply wi  th environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business.  
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Although we maintain workers  compensation insurance that we believe is consistent with industry norms to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, we cannot assure you that it will be sufficient to cover our liability in such cases. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our discovery, nonclinical development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our technology and product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and product candidates similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and product candidates may be impaired. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and product candidates, including any companion diagnostic developed by us or a third-party strategic partner. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our novel technologies and product candidates. Our patent portfolio includes patents and patent applications we exclusively licensed or that were assigned to us by the University of Texas at Austin. This patent portfolio includes issued patents and pending patent applications covering compositions of matter and methods of use. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our discovery and nonclinical development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we do not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors in order to enforce the licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 
   The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or U.S. PTO, has not established a consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims that it will allow in biotechnology patents. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, India and China do not allow patents for methods of treating the human body. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions, nor can we know whether those from whom we license patents were the first to make the inventions claimed or were the first to file. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or  
 48 
 
  product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing compet  itive technologies and product candidates. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection.  
 Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The U.S. PTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the U.S. PTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. In addition, there may be patent law reforms in foreign jurisdictions that could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents in those foreign jurisdictions. 
 Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the U.S. PTO or patent offices in foreign jurisdictions, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize product candidates without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Even if our owned and licensed patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or product candidates in a non-infringing manner. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. 
 The risks pertaining to our patents and other intellectual property rights also apply to the intellectual property rights that we license, and any failure to obtain, maintain and enforce these rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. In some cases we may not have control over the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of the patents that we license, and our licensors may fail to take the steps that we believe are necessary or desirable in order to obtain, maintain and enforce the licensed patents. Any inability on our part to protect adequately our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial position. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
   Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. PTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies. The U.S. PTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,  
 49 
 
  documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadverte  nt lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or   complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology, including interference or derivation proceedings before the U.S. PTO and similar bodies in other jurisdictions. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. 
 If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our product candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 
 Any lawsuits relating to infringement of intellectual property rights necessary to defend ourselves or enforce our rights will be costly and time consuming, and could be unsuccessful. 
 Because competition in our industry is intense, competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents, patents of our licensors or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
   Presently we have rights to intellectual property to develop our product candidates, including patents and patent applications we exclusively licensed from, or were assigned to us by, the University of Texas at Austin or one of our founders. Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. We currently plan on licensing rights to targets for our product candidates since we are in the process of attempting to develop our own internal drug discovery capabilities. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may  
 50 
 
  be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an a  ppropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer.  
 We partner with the University of Texas at Austin, which is a U.S. academic institution, in order to accelerate our discovery and nonclinical development work under a Sponsored Research Agreement. Under the Sponsored Research Agreement, we made payments of $645,000 and $563,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to sponsor research in the laboratory of our director, Dr. George Georgiou, at the University of Texas at Austin on the engineering, optimization and initial animal validation of human enzymes to determine the systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy and analyze enzyme replacement for the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects. 
 The University of Texas at Austin has provided us with an option to negotiate a royalty-bearing exclusive license to any invention or discovery that is conceived or reduced to practice during the term of the Sponsored Research Agreement. Regardless of such right of first negotiation for intellectual property, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue a program based on that technology. We have obtained two licenses from the University of Texas at Austin. In December 2013, our wholly-owned subsidiary, AECase, Inc. entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement, including the right to grant sublicenses, with the University of Texas at Austin for certain intellectual property owned by the University of Texas at Austin, including intellectual property related to the use of our product candidate AEB3103 for treatment of cancer patients. The licensed intellectual property includes an invention that was made with U.S. government support. The U.S. government therefore has certain rights in such invention under the applicable funding agreement and under applicable law. In addition, we are subject to a requirement that products covered by the agreement that are sold or used in the United States have to be manufactured substantially in the United States unless a written waiver is obtained in advance from the U.S government. The University of Texas at Austin may terminate the license if we fail to make certain payments under the agreement. Pursuant to this license agreement, we are obligated to make payments at the achievement of certain milestones and at regular intervals throughout the life of the license. If we are in arrears in any payments due under the license, the University of Texas at Austin may terminate the agreement within 30 days after delivery of written notice to us, or if we breach any non-payment provisions of the agreement and do not cure such breach within 60 days after receiving notice of such breach, or if we have three or more financial breaches of the Agreement in any nine month period, even if we cure such breaches in the allowed period or if we or any of our affiliates or sublicensees participate in any proceeding to challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such patent rights. 
 In December 2013, our wholly-owned subsidiary, AEMase, Inc. entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement, including the right to grant sublicenses, with the University of Texas at Austin for certain intellectual property owned by the University of Texas at Austin, including intellectual property related to the use of our product candidate AEB2109 for treatment of cancer patients. The licensed intellectual property includes an invention that was made with U.S. government support. The U.S. government therefore has certain rights in such invention under the applicable funding agreement and under applicable law. In addition, we are subject to a requirement that products covered by the agreement that are sold or used in the United States have to be manufactured substantially in the United States unless a written waiver is obtained in advance from the U.S government. The University of Texas at Austin may terminate the license if we fail to make certain payments under the agreement. Pursuant to the license agreement, we are obligated to make payments at the achievement of certain milestones and at regular intervals throughout the life of the license. If we are in arrears in any payments due under the license, the University of Texas at Austin may terminate the agreement within 30 days after delivery of written notice to us, or if we breach any non-payment provisions of the agreement and do not cure such breach within 60 days after receiving notice of such breach, or if we have three or more financial breaches of the Agreement in any nine month period, even if we cure such breaches in the allowed period or if we or any of our affiliates or sublicensees participate in any proceeding to challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such patent rights. 
 Any other licenses or other intellectual property agreements we may enter into may impose various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under current or future intellectual property agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any product that is covered by the agreement or face other penalties under the agreement. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology. 
 51 
 
    If we are not able to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and product candidates could be   significantly diminished.  
 We rely on trade secret protection to protect our interests in proprietary know-how and in processes for which patents are difficult to obtain or enforce. We may not be able to protect our trade secrets adequately. We have a policy of requiring our consultants, advisors and strategic partners to enter into confidentiality agreements and our employees to enter into invention, non-disclosure and non-compete agreements. However, no assurance can be given that we have entered into appropriate agreements with all parties that have had access to our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. There is also no assurance that such agreements will provide for a meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of information. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any of our employees, consultants, contract personnel, or strategic partners, including members of the scientific advisory board, either accidentally or through willful misconduct, will not cause serious damage to our programs and/or our strategy, for example by disclosing important trade secrets, know-how or proprietary information to our competitors. It is also possible that our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information could be obtained by third parties as a result of breaches of our physical or electronic security systems. Any disclosure of confidential data into the public domain or to third parties could allow our competitors to learn our trade secrets and use the information in competition against us. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Any action to enforce our rights is likely to be time consuming and expensive, and may ultimately be unsuccessful, or may result in a remedy that is not commercially valuable. These risks are accentuated in foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect proprietary rights as fully as in the United States or Europe. Any unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or proprietary information could harm our competitive position. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, if they choose to act together, will continue to have the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 
 Our executive officers and directors, combined with our stockholders who each owned more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, including shares sold in our IPO, in the aggregate, beneficially own shares representing approximately 63% of our capital stock based on 13,430,833 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016. As a result, if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs. For example, these persons, if they choose to act together, would control the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership control may: 

delay, defer or prevent a change in control;     

entrench our management and the board of directors; or     

impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may desire or may result in you obtaining a premium for your shares.     

 Our internal control over financial reporting does not currently meet the standards required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 We previously have not been required to maintain internal control over financial reporting in a manner that meets the standards of publicly traded companies required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404(a). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. We are not currently in compliance with, and we cannot be certain when we will be able to implement the requirements of Section 404(a). We may encounter problems or delays in implementing any changes necessary to make a favorable assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. If we cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on our internal controls, investors could lose confidence in our financial information and the price of our common stock could decline. 
   Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could also result in errors in our  
 52 
 
  financial   statements that could require us to restate our financial statements causing us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect u  s.  
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 

establish a classified board of directors such that only one of three classes of directors is elected each year;     

allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors;     

limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from our board of directors;     

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors;     

require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent;     

limit who may call stockholder meetings;     

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a  poison pill  that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and     

require the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal specified provisions of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws that became effective upon the completion of our IPO.     

 Moreover, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 Any of these provisions of our charter documents or Delaware law could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock. See  Description of Capital Stock.  
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
   Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein and the claim not being one which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit our stockholders  ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage  
 53 
 
  such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents even thoug  h an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. Stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The Court of C  hancery may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to u  s than to our stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may   incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our common stock. 
 Our stock price is volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

the success of competitive products or technologies;     

results of ongoing or planned clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors;     

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries;     

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights;     

the recruitment or departure of key personnel;     

the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs;     

the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products;     

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts;     

operating results that fail to meet expectations of securities analysts that cover our company;     

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us;     

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;     

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;     

general economic and market conditions; and     

the other factors described in this  Risk Factors  section.     

 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 Our stock price is volatile, and in the past companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to an increased incidence of securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.   
 54 
 
    We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from   our IPO   and may not use them   effectively.  
 Our management has broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from the IPO, and you will not have the opportunity as part of your investment decision to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. Our management could spend the net proceeds from the IPO in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from our IPO in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 
 As of September 30, 2016, holders of an aggregate of approximately 7.2 million shares of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in Securities Act registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market. Moreover, we have also registered under the Securities Act the approximately 1.8 million shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. 
 In addition, in the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible into common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We are an  emerging growth company,  and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and may remain an emerging growth company for up to five years. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 

being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  disclosure;     

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;     

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements;     

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and     

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.     

 The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of these accounting standards until they would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 We will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
   As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the  
 55 
 
  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Global Market and other applicable securities rules and regulat  ions impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of   time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may mak  e it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain   and maintain   director and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors.  
 We are evaluating these rules and regulations, and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, we will first be required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting for the year ending December 31, 2017. As discussed above, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm as required by Section 404(b). To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. It is possible that we may have triggered an  ownership change  limitation. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership (some of which are outside of our control). As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset U.S. federal taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. Our NOLs and other tax attributes arising before the Conversion also may be limited by the Separate Return Limitation Year rule, which could increase our U.S. federal tax liability. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 Since we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, stock price appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, appreciation, if any, in the market price of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Item 2.   
 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None.  
 56 
 
    Use of Proceeds  
 On April 6, 2016, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-200501) relating to the IPO of our common stock was declared effective by the SEC.  Pursuant to the IPO, we sold an aggregate of 5,481,940 shares of our common stock, including 481,940 shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriters  partial exercise of their option to purchase additional shares for aggregate gross proceeds of $54.8 million. UBS Securities LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acted as joint-book-running managers of the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Needham   Company, LLC acted as co-manager for the offering. The offering did not terminate before all of the securities registered in the registration statement were sold.  On April 12, 2016, we closed the sale of such shares, resulting in net proceeds to us of $47.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $3.8 million and offering costs of $3.7 million.  No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. 
 There has been no material change in our planned use of the net proceeds from the IPO, as described in the Prospectus. 

Item 3.    
 
   Defaults   Upon Senior Securities.    

 Not applicable. 

Item 4.    
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures.    

 Not applicable. 

Item 5.    
 
     Other Information.    

 None. 

57 

Item 6.   
 
                E  xhibits.     

 The exhibits filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

Exhibit  

Number  

Description  

10.1*  

First Amendment to Office Lease and Assignment and Assumption of Lease dated September 20, 2016 to Office Lease dated November 24, 2014, between Barton Oaks Office Center, LLC, Aeglea Development Company, Inc., and Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  

10.2*   

Sponsored Research Agreement No. UTA13-001113, dated December 24, 2013, between The University of Texas at Austin and Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc. and AE6ase., Inc., as amended.  

31.1*  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

31.2*  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

32.1*(1)  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2*(1)  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on an application for confidential treatment submitted to the SEC. The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed separately with the SEC.     

(1)   
 
 The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section.  Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.    

58 
 
          SIGNAT    URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 9, 2016 

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

59 
 
    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 9, 2016 

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Charles N. York II  

Charles N. York II  

Chief Financial Officer and Vice President  

(Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer and duly Authorized Signatory)  

60 
 
    EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  

Number  

Description  

10.1*  

First Amendment to Office Lease and Assignment and Assumption of Lease dated September 20, 2016 to Office Lease dated November 24, 2014, between Barton Oaks Office Center, LLC, Aeglea Development Company, Inc., and Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  

10.2*   

Sponsored Research Agreement No. UTA13-001113, dated December 24, 2013, between The University of Texas at Austin and Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc. and AE6ase., Inc., as amended.  

31.1*  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

31.2*  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

32.1*(1)  

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2*(1)  

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on an application for confidential treatment submitted to the SEC. The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed separately with the SEC.     

(1)   
 
 The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section.  Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.    

61  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 agle-ex101_208.htm
 EX-10.1

agle-ex101_208.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
   
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE AND ASSIGNMENT 
 AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO OFFICE LEASE (this  Amendment ) is entered into as of the  20th  day of September, 2016, by and between BARTON OAKS OFFICE CENTER, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Landlord ), AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC., a Delaware corporation ( Assignor ) and AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation ( Assignee ). 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Assignor entered into that certain Office Lease dated November 24, 2014 (the  Lease ), whereby Assignor currently leases approximately 5,771 square feet of space (the  Current Premises ), known as Suite 250, located on the second (2nd) floor of the building known as Barton Oaks Plaza One, located at 901 Mopac Expressway South, Austin, Texas 78746 (the  Building ), as more particularly described therein; 
 WHEREAS, Assignor desires to lease from Landlord additional space on the second (2nd) floor of the Building containing approximately 4,377 square feet of space known as Suite 270, as shown on  Schedule 1  attached hereto (the  Expansion Space  
 WHEREAS, Assignor desires to assign all of its right, title and interest in the Lease to Assignee, and Assignee desires to accept and assume the same; 
 WHEREAS, the Term of the Lease is currently scheduled to expire on December 31, 2017, and Assignor desires to extend the Term of the Lease for a period of three (3) years such that it will now expire on December 31, 2020; 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, Landlord has agreed to consent to the assignment of the Lease to Assignee and lease the Expansion Space to Assignor and extend the Term of the Lease such that it will expire on December 31, 2020, subject to and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated; and 
 WHEREAS, Landlord, Assignor and Assignee desire to amend the Lease to reflect their agreements as to the terms and conditions governing the assignment of the Lease and Assignee s lease of the Expansion Space and the extension of the Term of the Lease. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants between the parties herein contained, Landlord, Assignor and Assignee hereby agree as follows: 
   1.  Assignment  . Effective as of the date of this Amendment, Assignor assigns all of its right, title and interest in the Lease and the security deposit paid by Assignor to Assignee. Assignee hereby accepts, and assumes and agrees to make all payments and to perform all other obligations of the tenant under the Lease, as amended hereby. Assignee hereby agrees that it remains liable for all obligations of the tenant under the Lease, both before and after the effective date of the assignment. Landlord hereby consents to such assignment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. The consent granted herein shall in no event be construed as consent to any further assignment. Assignee shall make no further assignment or sublease of the Premises, or any part thereof, nor shall Assignee mortgage, pledge or hypothecate the Lease, without Landlord s prior written consent, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Lease. Effective as of the date of   
 1 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

this Amendment, each reference contained in the Lease and this Amendment to  Tenant  shall mean Assignee.  
 2.  Term  . The Term of the Lease is hereby extended for a period of three (3) years and will now expire on December 31, 2020 (the  Extended Expiration Date ), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Lease.  
 3.  Premises  .  
 (a)  Effective as of the Expansion Date (defined below), Landlord shall lease the Expansion Space to Tenant and Tenant shall lease the Expansion Space from Landlord, and the  Premises , as defined in the Lease and used hereinafter, shall mean, collectively, the Current Premises and the Expansion Space, for a total area of approximately 10,148 square feet of space. Accordingly, effective as of the Expansion Date, the  Rentable Square Footage of the Premises , as defined in the Lease, shall be amended to mean 10,148 square feet. The Expansion Space shall be subject to all the terms and conditions of the Lease except as expressly modified herein and except that Tenant shall not be entitled to receive any allowances, abatements or other financial concessions that were granted with respect to the Current Premises unless such concessions are expressly provided for herein with respect to the Expansion Space. Effective as of the Expansion Date,   Exhibit A-1   to the Lease Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and   Schedule 2   attached hereto shall be substituted in lieu thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in the event Landlord fails to complete Landlord s Work in the Current Premises by the date that is four (4) weeks after the Expansion Date (the  Outside Completion Date ) for any reason other than delays caused by Tenant, then as Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy, then Base Rent with respect to the Expansion Space only shall abate one day for each day after the Outside Completion Date that Landlord fails to complete Landlord s Work in the Current Premises; provided, however, such abatement shall be in proportion to the Rentable Square Footage of the Current Premises that Tenant is not able to occupy. For example, if Tenant is able to occupy 80% of the Rentable Square Footage of the Current Premises even though Landlord s Work therein is not complete, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of 20% of the Base Rent applicable to the Expansion Space. Further, the Outside Completion Date shall be extended by one (1) day for each day Landlord s Work in the Current Premises is delayed due to delays caused by Tenant.  
 (b)  As used herein, the  Expansion Date  means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Landlord s Work (as defined in   Schedule 3   attached hereto) in the Expansion Space has been substantially completed, as such date is determined pursuant to the Work Letter attached hereto as   Schedule 3  , and (ii) the date Tenant begins conducting business from any portion of the Expansion Space. Subject to Paragraph 2(d) below, Force Majeure and Delays (as defined in   Schedule 3  ) incurred by Landlord, Landlord shall use good faith and reasonable efforts to cause the Expansion Date to occur on or before December 1, 2016.  
   (c)  Tenant may take possession of the Expansion Space approximately two (2) weeks prior to the Expansion Date for the purpose of installing furniture, fixtures, equipment, and other personal property of Tenant in the Expansion Space. Such possession shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Lease, as amended hereby, except that Tenant shall not be required to pay Base Rent or the OE Payment for the Expansion Space during the period of time prior to the Expansion Date. Tenant shall, however, be liable for the cost of any above Building   
 2 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

standard services (e.g. after-hours HVAC) that are provided to Tenant in the Expansion Space during the period of Tenant s possession prior to the Expansion Date.  
 (d)  Tenant acknowledges that the Expansion Space is currently occupied by a third party tenant, and that, in connection with this Amendment, Landlord is negotiating a termination of such third party tenant s lease of the Expansion Space. If Landlord is delayed in its ability to deliver possession of all or any portion of the Expansion Space to Tenant due to the holding over or failure of the current occupant to vacate any portion of the Expansion Space or for any other reason beyond Landlord s reasonable control, this Amendment shall not be void or voidable or otherwise affected, Tenant shall have no claim for damages against Landlord, and Landlord shall deliver possession of the Expansion Space to Tenant following the termination of such third party tenant s lease of the Expansion Space and vacation of the Expansion Space by the such third party tenant in the condition required herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if the current tenant occupying the Expansion Space has not vacated the Expansion Space by January 1, 2017, then Tenant shall have the right to nullify this Amendment by delivering written notice thereof to Landlord at any time until the date the current tenant occupying the Expansion Space has vacated the Expansion Space and prior to December 31, 2017, in which event, this Amendment shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Term of the Lease shall expire on December 31, 2017.  
 4.  Base Rent  .  
 (a)  From and after the date hereof and continuing through December 31, 2017, in addition to the Base Rent payable for the Expansion Space, as applicable, Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent with respect to the Current Premises in accordance with the terms of the Lease. Commencing on January 1, 2018 and continuing through the Extended Expiration Date, in addition to the Base Rent payable for the Expansion Space, Tenant shall pay Base Rent for the Current Premises as follows:  

*If applicable. All such Base Rent shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Lease. 
 3 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

(b)   Commencing on the Expansion Date, in addition to the Base Rent payable for the     Current Premises, Tenant shall pay Base Rent with respect to the Expansion Space as follows:  

*If applicable. All such Base Rent shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Lease. As used herein, the term  Expansion Month  means a period of time commencing on the same numeric day as the Expansion Date and ending on (but not including) the day in the next calendar month that is the same numeric date as the Expansion Date; provided that if the Expansion Date does not occur on the first day of a calendar month, then the second (2nd) Expansion Month shall be extended to end on the last day of the second (2nd) full calendar month following the Expansion Date, Tenant shall pay Base Rent for the Expansion Space during the resulting partial calendar month at the same rate payable during the second (2nd) Expansion Month (prorated based on the number of days in such partial calendar month), and the succeeding Expansion Months shall commence on the first day of each calendar month thereafter. 
 5.  Operating Expenses  . During the Term of the Lease, as extended hereby, including Expansion Month 1, Tenant shall continue to pay the OE Payment in accordance with the terms of the Lease; provided, however, effective as of the Expansion Date, Tenant s Pro Rata Share as defined in the Lease shall be amended to mean 10.21%.  
 6.  Acceptance of Premises  .   TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TENANT CURRENTLY OCCUPIES THE CURRENT PREMISES AND, SUBJECT TO THE LANDLORD S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THE WORK LETTER ATTACHED HERETO AS   SCHEDULE 3  , ANY DEFECTS IN THE LANDLORD S WORK (AS DEFINED IN   SCHEDULE 3   ATTACHED HERETO) WHICH TENANT NOTIFIES LANDLORD WITHIN 180 DAYS AFTER THE EXPANSION DATE AND LANDLORD S MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR OBLIGATIONS AS SET FORTH IN THE LEASE, TENANT HEREBY ACCEPTS THE CURRENT PREMISES, THE EXPANSION SPACE, AND THE BUILDING (INCLUDING THE SUITABILITY OF THE CURRENT PREMISES AND EXPANSION SPACE FOR THE PERMITTED USE) IN ITS  AS IS  CONDITION WITH ANY AND ALL FAULTS AND LATENT OR PATENT DEFECTS AND WITHOUT RELYING UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) OF LANDLORD OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF LANDLORD, EXCEPT FOR ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THE LEASE. EXCEPT FOR ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THE LEASE, LANDLORD HAS NOT MADE AND DOES NOT HEREBY MAKE AND HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR   
 4 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

CHARACTER WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE BUILDING (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE CURRENT PREMISES AND THE EXPANSION SPACE) AND ITS     CONDITION (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING QUALITY OF CONSTRUCTION, STATE OF REPAIR, WORKMANSHIP, MERCHANTABILITY, HABITABILITY, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE) AND TENANT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES.   Landlord shall not be required to provide any improvement allowance or, except as expressly set forth on   Schedule 3   attached hereto, perform any leasehold improvements in connection with this Amendment.  
 7.  Security Deposit  . The parties acknowledge and agree that Tenant has, prior to the date hereof, delivered to Landlord an amount equal to $53,756.86, as a security deposit, of which sum, Landlord has returned $17,918.95 to Tenant pursuant to Paragraph 6 of the Lease, and, accordingly, Landlord is presently holding an amount equal to $35,837.91 as a security deposit. The Security Deposit under the Lease is hereby increased from $35,837.97 to $39,213.56. Tenant shall pay Landlord the amount of the increase of $3,375.65 simultaneously with its execution and delivery of this Amendment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Lease (including without limitation, Paragraph 6 of the Lease), in no event shall the Security Deposit be reduced during the remaining Term of the Lease.  
 8.  Right of First Offer  .  
 (a)  Tenant shall have a right of first offer (the  Right of First Offer ) with respect to the rentable space located on the second (2nd) floor of the Building which is contiguous to the Premises, as amended hereby (the  Offer Space ). The Offer Space is known as Suite 220 (which is currently vacant) and Suite 280. Tenant s Right of First Offer shall be exercised as follows: at any time after Landlord has determined that the existing tenant in the Offer Space will not extend or renew the term of its lease for the Offer Space (but prior to offering such Offer Space to a party other than the existing tenant), Landlord shall provide written notice to Tenant (the  Offer Notice ) of the terms under which Landlord is prepared to lease the Offer Space to Tenant, which terms shall reflect the fair market rate for such Offer Space as reasonably determined by Landlord and a market term. Tenant may lease such Offer Space in its entirety only, under such terms, by providing Landlord with written notice of its election to lease the Offer Space as aforesaid (such notice, the  Offer Notice of Exercise ) within fifteen (15) days after the date Tenant receives the Offer Notice, except that Tenant shall have no such Right of First Offer and Landlord need not provide Tenant with an Offer Notice, if:  

(i)   
 
  an event of default exists under the Lease, as amended hereby, beyond any applicable notice and cure period provided in the Lease at the time that Landlord is required to deliver the Offer Notice hereunder; or     

(ii)   
 
  the Premises, as amended hereby, or any portion thereof, is sublet at the time Landlord is required to deliver the Offer Notice hereunder; or     

 5 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

(iii)   
 
      the Lease, as amended hereby, has been assigned (other than to Assignee pursuant     to this Amendment) prior to the date Landlord is required to deliver the Offer Notice hereunder; or     

(iv)   
 
  the Tenant is not occupying the Premises, as amended hereby, on the date Landlord is required to deliver the Offer Notice hereunder; or     

(v)   
 
  the existing tenant in the Offer Space is interested in extending or renewing its lease for the Offer Space or entering into a new lease for such Offer Space.     

 (b)  The term for the Offer Space shall commence upon the commencement date stated in the Offer Notice and thereupon such Offer Space shall be considered a part of the Premises, as amended hereby, provided that all of the terms stated in the Offer Notice, including the termination date set forth in the Offer Notice, shall govern Tenant s leasing of the Offer Space and only to the extent that they do not conflict with the Offer Notice, the terms and conditions of the Lease, as amended hereby, shall apply to the Offer Space. Tenant shall pay Base Rent and the OE Payment for the Offer Space in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer Notice, which terms and conditions shall reflect the fair market rate for the Offer Space as determined in Landlord s reasonable judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant, in its reasonable judgment, determines that the rate set forth in Offer Notice does not accurately reflect the fair market rate for the Offer Space, Tenant shall have the right to provide Landlord with an Offer Notice of Exercise that is specifically conditioned upon Landlord s and Tenant s agreement on the fair market rate for the Offer Space. In such event, for a period of fifteen (15) days after the date of Tenant s Offer Notice of Exercise, Landlord and Tenant shall work together in good faith to determine the fair market rate for the Offer Space. If Landlord and Tenant fail to agree upon the fair market rate within such fifteen (15) day period, Tenant, by written notice to Landlord (the  Arbitration Notice ) within five (5) days after the expiration of such fifteen (15) day period, shall have the right to have the fair market rate determined in accordance with the following procedures. If Tenant fails to exercise its right to arbitrate, Tenant s Right of First Offer shall be deemed to be null and void and of no further force and effect.  
 (c)  If Tenant provides Landlord with an Arbitration Notice, Landlord and Tenant, within ten (10) days after the date of the Arbitration Notice, shall each simultaneously submit to the other, in a sealed envelope, its good faith estimate of the fair market rate for the Offer Space (collectively referred to as the  Estimates ) and shall each select an appraiser or broker (hereinafter, an  appraiser ) to determine which of the two Estimates most closely reflects the fair market rate for the Offer Space. Each appraiser so selected shall have not less than ten (10) years  experience in the field of commercial real estate appraisal and/or brokerage. Upon selection, Landlord s and Tenant s appraisers shall work together in good faith to agree upon which of the two Estimates most closely reflects the fair market rate for the Offer Space. The Estimate chosen by such appraisers shall be binding on both Landlord and Tenant as the Base Rent for the Offer Space. If either Landlord or Tenant fails to appoint an appraiser within the ten (10) day period referred to above, the appraiser appointed by the other party shall be the sole appraiser for the purposes hereof. If the two appraisers cannot agree upon which of the two Estimates most closely reflects the fair market rate within thirty (30) days after their appointment, then, within ten (10) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day period, the   
 6 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

two appraisers shall select a third appraiser meeting the aforementioned criteria. Once the third appraiser (i.e. arbitrator) has been selected as provided for above, then, as soon thereafter as practicable but in any case within fourteen (14) days, the arbitrator shall make his determination     of which of the two Estimates most closely reflects the fair market rate and such Estimate shall be binding on both Landlord and Tenant as the Base Rent for the Offer Space. The parties shall share equally in the costs of the arbitrator. Any fees of any appraiser, counsel or experts engaged directly by Landlord or Tenant shall be borne by the party retaining such appraiser, counsel or expert.  
 (d)  The Offer Space leased by Tenant hereunder shall be accepted by Tenant in the condition and as-built configuration existing on the earlier of the date Tenant takes possession of the Offer Space or the date the term for such Offer Space commences, unless the Offer Notice specifies work to be performed by Landlord in the Offer Space, in which case Landlord shall perform such work in the Offer Space as and when set forth in the Offer Notice. If Landlord is delayed in delivering possession of the Offer Space due to the holdover or unlawful possession of such space by any party, Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to obtain possession of the space, and the commencement of the term for the Offer Space shall be postponed until the date Landlord delivers possession of the Offer Space to Tenant free from occupancy by any party in the condition set forth in the Offer Notice.  
 (e)  The rights of Tenant hereunder with respect to the Offer Space shall terminate on the earlier to occur of (i) the expiration of the Term of the Lease, as extended hereby; (ii) Tenant s failure to exercise its Right of First Offer within the fifteen (15) day period provided in paragraph (a) above; and (iii) the date Landlord was required to deliver to Tenant an Offer Notice if Tenant had not been in violation of one or more of the conditions set forth in paragraph (a) above.  
 (f)  If Tenant elects to lease the Offer Space, Landlord and Tenant shall enter into an amendment (the  Offer Amendment ) adding the Offer Space to the Premises on the terms set forth in the Offer Notice and reflecting the changes in the Base Rent, Tenant s Pro Rata Share, square footage of the Premises, and other appropriate terms; provided that an otherwise valid exercise of the Right of First Offer shall be fully effective whether or not the Offer Amendment is executed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Suite 220 only, if (i) Tenant was entitled to exercise its Right of First Offer, but failed to provide Landlord with an Office Notice of Exercise within the fifteen (15) day period provided in paragraph (a) above, and (ii) Landlord does not enter into a lease for Suite 220 and is not in negotiations with a third party for the lease of Suite 220 on the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after Landlord s delivery of the Offer Notice, Tenant shall once again have a Right of First Offer with respect to Suite 220.  
 (g)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Tenant s Right of First Offer is subject and subordinate to (i) the renewal and/or expansion rights of any tenant leasing all or any portion of the Offer Space, and (ii) the expansion rights (whether such rights are designated as a right of first offer, right of first refusal, expansion option or otherwise) of any tenant of the Building existing on the date hereof.  
 (h)  Tenant acknowledges that the terms of any Offer Notice delivered by Landlord are confidential and that the disclosure of such terms to third parties will cause Landlord immediate   
 7 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

and irreparable harm. Consequently, Tenant agrees not to discuss, communicate or transmit such terms to any third parties, except that Tenant may disclose the terms of any Offer     Notice to its employees, contractors, agents, representatives and consultants who need to know such terms, or as may be required by law or pursuant to an order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Tenant shall take all reasonable action to prevent the unauthorized use by or disclosure of such terms to third parties except as otherwise provided herein. Tenant shall also advise its employees, contractors, agents, representatives and consultants who may have knowledge of the terms of any Offer Notice that said terms are deemed confidential and privileged.  
 9.  Estoppel  . Assignee and Assignor each hereby represents, warrants and agrees that: (i) to Assignee s and Assignor s current, actual knowledge, there exists no breach, default or event of default by Landlord under the Lease, or any event or condition which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a breach, default or event of default by Landlord under the Lease; (ii) the Lease continues to be a legal, valid and binding agreement and obligation of Assignor and Assignee; and (iii) to Assignor s and Assignee s current, actual knowledge, neither Assignor nor Assignee has any current offset or defense to its performance or obligations under the Lease.  
 10.  Brokers  . Tenant warrants that it has had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Amendment other than Stream Realty Partners, L.P. ( Landlord s Broker ) and SkylesBayne ( Tenant s Broker ) and that it knows of no other real estate brokers or agents who are or might be entitled to a commission in connection with this Amendment. Landlord shall pay a commission to Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker pursuant to a separate written agreement entered into between Landlord and such broker. Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any liability or claim arising with respect to any brokers or agents other than Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker claiming a commission by, through, or under Tenant in connection with this Amendment.  
 11.  No Representations  . Landlord and Landlord s agents have made no representations, warranties or promises, express or implied, in connection with this Amendment except as expressly set forth herein and Tenant has not relied on any representations except as expressly set forth herein.  
 12.  Authority  . Assignor and Assignee each represents to Landlord as follows: (i) Assignor and Assignee are each duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (ii) Assignee is qualified to do business in Texas, (iii) Assignor and Assignee each has the full right and authority to enter into this Amendment, and (iv) each person signing this Amendment on behalf of Assignor and Assignee was and continues to be authorized to do so. Landlord represents to Assignor and Assignee as follows: (i) Landlord is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (ii) Landlord is qualified to do business in Texas, (iii) Landlord has the full right and authority to enter into this Amendment without the joinder or consent of any party, including, without limitation, the holder of any mortgage or deed of trust encumbering the Building, (iv) each person signing this Amendment on behalf of Landlord was and continues to be authorized to do so, and (v) no party other than Landlord has an ownership interest in the Premises or a lessor s interest in the Lease.  
 8 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

13.   Defined Terms  . All defined terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the     same meaning assigned to them in the Lease.  
 14.  Ratification of Lease  . Except as amended hereby, the Lease shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and is hereby ratified. In the event of a conflict between the Lease and this Amendment, this Amendment shall control.  
 15.  Entire Agreement  . This Amendment, together with the Lease, contains all of the agreements of the parties hereto with respect to any matter covered or mentioned in this Amendment or the Lease, and no prior agreement, understanding or representation pertaining to any such matter shall be effective for any purpose.  
 16.  Schedules  . Each Schedule attached hereto is made a part hereof for all purposes.   
 17.  Section Headings  . The section headings contained in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall in no way enlarge or limit the scope or meaning of the various and several sections hereof.  
 18.  Successors and Assigns  . The terms and provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  
 19.  Severability  . A determination that any provision of this Amendment is unenforceable or invalid shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision hereof and any determination that the application of any provision of this Amendment to any person or circumstance is illegal or unenforceable shall not affect the enforceability or validity of such provision as it may apply to any other persons or circumstances.  
 20.  Governing Law  . This Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.  
 21.  Submission of Amendment Not Offer  . The submission by Landlord to Assignor and Assignee of this Amendment for such party s consideration shall have no binding force or effect, shall not constitute an option, and shall not confer any rights upon Assignor or Assignee or impose any obligations upon Landlord irrespective of any reliance thereon, change of position or partial performance. This Amendment is effective and binding on Landlord only upon the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Landlord, Assignor and Assignee.  
 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

9 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.  

LANDLORD:  

BARTON OAKS OFFICE CENTER, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company  

By:  

MIG Real Estate, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its Manager  

By:  

MIG Real Estate Services, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 Its Agent  

By:  

/s/ Lee Burckle                                

Name:  

Lee Burckle                                     

Title:  

Authorized Officer                          

ASSIGNOR:  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation  

By:  

/s/ Charles York II                            

Name:  

Charles York II                                 

Title:  

CFO                                                  

ASSIGNEE:  

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation  

By:  

/s/ Charles York II                            

Name:  

Charles York II                                 

Title:  

CFO                                                  

10 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 
   
  SCHEDULE   1  
  EXPANSION SPACE  

1-1 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

SCHEDULE 2  
 PREMISES (i.e. CURRENT PREMISES AND EXPANSION SPACE) 

2-1 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 
   
  SCHEDULE 3  
  WORK LETTER  

1.   
 
  This Work Letter shall set forth the obligations of Landlord and Tenant with respect to certain improvements to be performed by Landlord in the Premises, as amended hereby. All improvements described in this Work Letter to be constructed in and upon the Premises by Landlord are hereinafter referred to as the  Landlord s Work.  It is agreed that construction of the Landlord s Work is intended to be  turnkey  and will be completed at Landlord s sole cost and expense (subject to the terms of Paragraph 3 below), in a good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with all applicable laws, using Building standard methods, materials and finishes. Landlord shall enter into a direct contract for Landlord s Work with a general contractor selected by Landlord. In addition, Landlord shall have the right to select and/or approve of any subcontractors used in connection with the Landlord s Work. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in no event shall Landlord be required to perform any of the Landlord s Work during any period an uncured default by Tenant exists under the Lease, as amended hereby.     

2.   
 
  Landlord and Tenant have approved the scope of the Landlord s Work as set forth in the plans prepared by Sixthriver Architects dated June 1, 2016, a copy of which is attached hereto as Schedule 3-A (the  Plans ). Neither the approval of the Plans nor the supervision of the Landlord s Work by Landlord shall constitute a representation or warranty by Landlord as to the accuracy, adequacy, sufficiency and propriety of the Plans or the quality of workmanship or compliance of the Landlord s Work with applicable law.     

3.   
 
  If Tenant shall request any revisions to the Plans, Landlord shall have such revisions to be prepared at Tenant s sole cost and expense and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of preparing any such revisions to the Plans, plus any applicable state sales or use tax thereon, within ten (10) Business Days following Landlord s written demand therefor. Promptly upon completion of the revisions, Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing of the increased cost in the Landlord s Work, if any, resulting from such revisions to the Plans. Tenant, within five (5) days following Tenant s receipt of the increased cost of Landlord s Work, shall notify Landlord in writing whether it desires to proceed with such revisions. In the absence of such written authorization, Landlord shall have the option to continue work on the Premises, as amended hereby, disregarding the requested revision. Tenant shall be responsible for any Delay (hereinafter defined) in completion of the Landlord s Work resulting from any revision to the Plans. If such revisions result in an increase in the cost of Landlord s Work, such increased costs, plus any applicable state sales or use tax thereon, together with a construction management fee of 5% of such increase, shall be payable by Tenant within ten (10) Business Days following Landlord s written demand therefor. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all revisions to the Plans shall be subject to the approval of Landlord, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.     

 3A-1 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

4.   
 
      Following approval of any revisions to the Plans and the payment by Tenant of the     required portion of the cost of preparing any revisions to the Plans and resulting increase     in the cost of the Landlord s Work, if applicable, Landlord shall cause the Landlord s Work to be constructed substantially in accordance with the approved Plans, so long as no default shall occur under the Lease. Landlord shall notify Tenant upon substantial completion of the Landlord s Work. The phrase  substantial completion  shall mean that the Landlord s Work has been completed except for Punch List Items (hereinafter defined).     

5.   
 
  If Landlord shall be delayed in substantially completing the Landlord s Work as a result of the occurrence of any of the following (a  Delay ):     

(a)   
 
  Tenant s failure to furnish information in accordance with the Work Letter or to respond to any request by Landlord for any approval or information within any time period prescribed, or if no time period is prescribed, then within five (5) days of such request; or     

(b)   
 
  Tenant s request for materials, finishes or installations that have long lead times after having first been informed by Landlord that such materials, finishes or installations will cause a Delay; or     

(c)   
 
  Changes in any plans and specifications requested by Tenant; or     

(d)   
 
  The performance or nonperformance by a person or entity employed by or on behalf of Tenant in the completion of any work in the Premises, as amended hereby (all such work and such persons or entities being subject to prior approval of Landlord); or     

(e)   
 
  Any request by Tenant that Landlord delay the completion of any component of the Landlord s Work; or     

(f)   
 
  Any breach or default by Tenant in the performance of Tenant s obligations under the Lease, as amended hereby, beyond any applicable notice or cure periods set forth in the Lease; or     

(g)   
 
  Tenant s failure to pay any amounts as and when due under this Work Letter; or     

(h)   
 
  Any delay resulting from Tenant s having taken possession of the Expansion Space for any reason prior to substantial completion of the Landlord s Work therein; or     

(i)   
 
  Any other delay chargeable to Tenant, its agents, employees or independent contractors;     

 then, for purposes of determining the Expansion Date, the date of substantial completion of the Landlord s Work shall be deemed to be the day that the Landlord s Work would have been substantially completed absent any such Delay. The adjustment of the Expansion Date and, accordingly, the postponement of Tenant s obligation to pay Base  
 3A-2 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

Rent and other sums due under the Lease, as amended hereby, with respect to the Expansion Space shall be Tenant s sole remedy which Tenant might otherwise have     against Landlord by reason of any delay in the performance of the Landlord s Work. Promptly after the determination of the Expansion Date, Landlord and Tenant shall enter into a commencement letter setting forth such date. The commencement letter shall also identify any minor incomplete items of the Landlord s Work as reasonably determined by Landlord s architect (the  Punch List Items ), which Punch List Items Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to complete within thirty (30) days following the Expansion Date. Tenant, within twenty (20) days after receipt thereof from Landlord, shall execute the commencement letter and return the same to Landlord. In the event of any defects in the Landlord s Work reported in writing to Landlord within one hundred (180) days after the Expansion Date, Landlord shall remedy the same (or cause such defect to be remedied) as soon as practicable following receipt of Tenant s notice.  

6.   
 
  Tenant acknowledges that the Landlord s Work may be performed by Landlord in the Premises, as amended hereby, during Normal Business Hours subsequent to the date hereof; provided, however, all demolition work shall be performed by Landlord outside of Normal Business Hours. Landlord and Tenant agree to cooperate with each other in good faith in order to enable the Landlord s Work to be performed in a timely manner and with as little inconvenience to the operation of Tenant s business as is reasonably possible. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in the Lease, as amended hereby, to the contrary, any delay in the completion of the Landlord s Work or inconvenience suffered by Tenant during the performance of the Landlord s Work shall not subject Landlord to any liability for any loss or damage resulting therefrom.     

7.   
 
  This Work Letter shall not be applicable to any additional space added to the Premises, as amended hereby, at any time or from time to time, whether by any options under the Lease, as amended hereby, or otherwise, or to any portion of the Premises, as amended hereby, or any additions to the Premises, as amended hereby, in the event of a renewal or extension of the Term, as extended hereby, whether by any options under the Lease, as amended hereby, or otherwise, unless expressly so provided in the Lease or any amendment or supplement to the Lease. All capitalized terms used in this Work Letter but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the Lease, as amended hereby.     

3A-3 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 
   
  SCHEDULE 3-A  
  PLANS  

3A-1 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1 

3A-2 
 32036/00600/DOCS/4144422.1  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 agle-ex102_535.htm
 EX-10.2

agle-ex102_535.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2 

[***]   
 
 Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    
   
 SPONSORED RESEARCH AGREEMENT NO. UTA13-001113 
 This Sponsored Research Agreement ( Agreement ) is made between The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, Texas ( University ), an institution of higher education created by the Constitution and law of the State of Texas under The University of Texas System ( System ) and Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc., all Delaware C corporations with their principal place of business at 815 A Brazos St., #101, Austin TX 78701 (each a  Sponsor Entity  and collectively,  Sponsor ).  Aeglea Development Company, Inc. may be referred to herein as the  Funding Sponsor  or  Sponsor Entity  as appropriate. 
 RECITALS 
 A. Sponsor desires that University perform certain research work hereinafter described and is willing to advance funds to sponsor such research;  
 B. Sponsor desires to obtain certain rights to patents and technology developed during the course of such research with a view to profitable commercialization of such patents and technology for the Sponsor s benefit; and  
 C. University is willing to perform such research and to grant rights to such patents and technology;  
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, the University and Sponsor agree as follows: 
  1.    EFFECTIVE DATE  
 This Agreement shall be effective as of December 1, 2013 (the  Effective Date ). 
  2.    RESEARCH PROGRAM  
 2.1   University will use reasonable efforts to conduct the Research Program described in Attachment A ( Research Program ), and will furnish the facilities necessary to carry out said Research Program.  The Research Program will be under the direction of Professor George Georgiou ( Principal Investigator ), or (his or her) successor as mutually agreed to by the parties and will be conducted by the Principal Investigator at the University.  University agrees to use reasonable efforts to perform the Research Program in a manner consistent with its status as an institution of higher education.  University shall perform the Research Program in accordance with (i) established University policies and procedures, including, but not limited to, policies and procedures applicable to research involving human subjects, human tissues or organs, laboratory animals, and hazardous agents and materials, and (ii) all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.  
 2.2   The Research Program shall be performed during the period from the Effective Date for a period of 12 month periods thereafter (the  Research Term ).  Funding Sponsor shall have the option of extending the Research Program under mutually agreeable support terms.  
 ***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

2.3    Sponsor understands that University s primary mission is education and advancement of knowledge, and consequently the Research Program will be designed to carry out that mission.  The manner of performance of the Research Program shall be determined solely by the Principal Investigator.  University does not guarantee specific results, and the Research Program will be conducted only on a reasonable efforts basis.  
 2.4   University will keep accurate financial and scientific records relating to the Research Program and will make such records available to Sponsor or its authorized representative throughout the Term of the Agreement during normal business hours upon reasonable notice.  
 2.5   Sponsor understands that University may be involved in similar research on behalf of itself and others.  University shall be free to continue such research provided that it is conducted separately from the Research Program hereinafter defined, and Sponsor shall not gain any rights via this Agreement to such other research.  
 2.6   University does not guarantee that any patent rights will result from the Research Program, that the scope of any patent rights obtained will cover Sponsor s commercial interests, or that any such patent rights will be free of dominance by other patents, including those based upon inventions made by other inventors in The University of Texas System independent of the Research Program.  
  3.    COMPENSATION  
 3.1   Sponsor obligations under this Article 3 shall be limited to Funding Sponsor.  
 3.2   As consideration for the performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement, Funding Sponsor will pay the University an amount equal to its reasonable, documented expenditures and reasonable overhead (such overhead to not exceed the rate set forth in University s indirect rate agreement with the U.S. Federal Government) in conducting the Research Program subject to a maximum expenditure limitation of $386,252, provided that in any and all events, the amounts charged by University shall not, without Funding Sponsor s prior written consent, exceed the amount.  Payments shall be made as follows (subject to the possible later return of funds if uncommitted and unexpended, under Section 3.3):  
 (a)   Upon execution of all parties to the Agreement: $193,126;  
 (b)   $96,563 by March 31, 2014; and  
 (c)   $96,563 by June 30, 2014  
 Payments should be made within 30 days of the receipt of an undisputed invoice sent via mail and email and payable to The University of Texas at Austin, make reference to the Principal Investigator, Agreement number and title of the Research Program funded under this Agreement, and submitted to the address in Article 3.5. 
   3.3   University shall maintain all Research Program funds in a separate account and shall expend such funds for wages, supplies, equipment, travel, and other operational expenses in connection with the Research Program.  It is understood that funds of the Research Program which are not used in a particular quarter may be used in subsequent quarters, and that the Principal Investigator may transfer funds within the budget as needed without Funding Sponsor s approval, as long as such transfers do not effect a change in the scope of work of the Research Program.  It is also understood that subject to   
 2 

Section 10.4, uncommitted and unexpended funds remaining at the termination of the Agreement shall be returned to Funding Sponsor within ninety (90) days of the effective date of termination; provided, however, that the parties agree that in order to minimize administrative close-out expenses, if funds remaining upon termination or expiration of the Agreement equal $250.00 or less, such funds shall be retained by the University and disposed of in accordance with University policy.  
 3.4   University shall retain title to all equipment purchased and/or fabricated by it with funds provided by Funding Sponsor under this Agreement.  
 3.5   

4.    CONSULTATION AND REPORTS  
 4.1   Sponsor s designated representative ( Designated Representative ) for consultation and communications with the Principal Investigator shall be  David G.  Lowe or such other person as Sponsor may from time to time designate in writing to University and the Principal Investigator.  
 4.2   During the term of the Agreement, Sponsor s representatives may consult informally with University s representatives regarding the project, both personally and by telephone.  Access to work carried on in University laboratories in the course of these investigations shall be entirely under the control of University personnel but shall be made available on a reasonable basis.  
 4.3   The Principal Investigator will make up to one oral report(s) monthly and quarterly written reports accompanied by a presentation describing the results and accomplishments obtained and plans going forward.  Changes or amendments to the Research Program if any, will be discussed at the quarterly meeting and described in a written amendment to the Research Program as requested by Sponsor s Designated Representative.  The Principal Investigator shall also submit a comprehensive final report within ninety (90) days of termination of the Agreement which shall consist of a report of all activities undertaken and accomplishments achieved through the Research.  
  5.    PUBLICITY  
 Neither party shall make reference to the other in a press release or any other written statement in connection with work performed under this Agreement, if it is intended for use in the public media, except as required by the Texas Public Information Act or other law or regulation.  University, however, shall have the right to acknowledge Sponsor s support of the investigations under this Agreement in scientific or academic publications and other scientific or academic communications, without Sponsor s prior approval.  In any statements, the scope and nature of participation shall be described accurately and appropriately. 
 3 

6.    PUBLICATION AND ACADEMIC RIGHTS; CONFIDENTIALITY  
 6.1   University and the Principal Investigator have the right to publish or otherwise publicly disclose information gained in the course of this Agreement, except for Sponsor s Confidential Information.  In order to avoid loss of patent rights as a result of premature public disclosure of patentable information, University will submit (a) any prepublication materials and (b) a copy of any materials to be publicly disclosed to Sponsor for review and comment thirty (30) days in advance of its planned submission for publication or public disclosure to the extent possible, but in the case of any requests under the Texas Public Information Act, prior to release of any information to the requestor.  Funding Sponsor may request in writing, and University shall agree to, (i) the deletion of any Confidential Information provided by Sponsor, and (iii) a delay of such proposed publication or public disclosure for an additional period, not to exceed sixty (60) days, in order to protect the potential patentability of any technology described therein.  Funding Sponsor shall be entitled to receive in any such publication or public disclosure an acknowledgment of its sponsorship of the Research Program.  University shall have final authority to determine the scope and content of any publications or disclosures provided that in no event shall any publication or disclosure include Sponsor s Confidential Information.  
 6.2   It is anticipated that inventions or discoveries arising from the Research Program ( Inventions ) shall be discussed with Funding Sponsor concurrently with their reduction to practice by the Principal Investigator.  It is understood that the University investigators may discuss the research being performed under this Agreement with other University investigators but shall not reveal Confidential Information to such investigators unless such investigators have signed a nondisclosure agreement.  
 6.3   In conjunction with the Research Program, Sponsor may wish to disclose certain of its confidential and/or proprietary information ( Confidential Information ) to University during the term of this Agreement.  Confidential Information will be transmitted in writing and clearly marked  Confidential,   Proprietary,  or similarly, or if disclosed orally will be reduced to writing by Disclosing Party, clearly marked  Confidential,   Proprietary,  or similarly, and transmitted to the Contact Person of Receiving Party within thirty (30) days after oral disclosure.  No license under or title to any invention, patent, trademark, trade name or other intellectual property or other rights or interests in the Confidential Information now or hereafter owned by or controlled by any Party is granted either expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise by the Agreement.  All Confidential Information is provided  AS IS  and without warranty, express or implied, of any kind.  
 University will use Confidential Information solely for the purpose of conducting the Research Program, and shall use reasonable efforts to prevent the disclosure of Confidential Information to third parties during the term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years after its expiration or termination.  If required, University may disclose Confidential Information to a governmental authority or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, provided that such disclosure is subject to all applicable governmental or judicial protection available for like information and reasonable advance notice is given to Funding Sponsor.  University s obligations with respect to Confidential Information shall not apply to information that (a) is already in University s possession at the time of disclosure; (b) is or later becomes part of the public domain through no fault of University; (c) is received on a non-confidential basis from a third party having no obligations of confidentiality or nonuse to University  or (d) independently developed by University.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, University may retain one archival copy of the Confidential Information received in a secure location to be used solely to determine its obligations under the Agreement. 
 4 

The Parties agree that, in the event of breach or threatened breach or intended breach of the Agreement, each Party, in addition to any other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity, may seek injunctive or equitable relief without the necessity of posting bond or proving that it has no adequate remedy at law.  
  7.    PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TECHNOLOGY RIGHTS  
 7.1   Title to Inventions conceived and reduced to practice solely by University shall reside in University ( University Inventions ).  Title to all Inventions conceived and reduced to practice solely by Sponsor shall reside in Sponsor ( Sponsor Inventions ).  Title to all inventions and discoveries conceived and reduced to practice jointly by Sponsor and University shall reside jointly in Sponsor and University ( Joint Inventions ).  University hereby grants to Sponsor an exclusive first option to negotiate a royalty- bearing exclusive license for any invention or discovery that is conceived or reduced to practice during the term of this Agreement directly resulting from the performance of research hereunder to the extent that University is able to do so under applicable law.  It is contemplated that, in the majority of instances, Sponsor will be asked to determine whether it will exercise its option prior to the filing of the first patent application.  University reserves for itself a royalty-free, irrevocable license to make and use such University Inventions and Joint Inventions for its own research and educational purposes, but not for commercial purposes during the option period.  If a University Invention or Joint Invention arises from the Research Program, the Principal Investigator shall promptly submit an invention disclosure (http://www.otc.utexas.edu/InventorForms.jsp) to University s Office of Technology Commercialization ( OTC ).  University will provide to Sponsor a full copy of such disclosure promptly after such disclosure is received by OTC.  Sponsor may review (and University shall provide to Sponsor) any and all patentability and freedom to operate opinions that have been commissioned by the University.  A Sponsor Entity shall then have ninety (90) days from receipt of such disclosure of any University Invention or Joint Invention to notify University of its desire to enter into such a license agreement, and a non-binding term sheet and thereafter a license agreement shall be negotiated in good faith within a period not to exceed six (6) months ( License Option Period ) from the applicable Sponsor Entity s notification to University of its desire to enter into a license agreement, or such period of time as the parties shall mutually agree in writing.  The parties agree to negotiate, in good faith, a license agreement with terms and conditions substantially similar to existing license agreements between the parties, to the extent allowed by current law, University policy, and reasonable updates to financial terms.  During the License Option Period, University agrees that it will not offer its rights in University Inventions or Joint Inventions to any third party or negotiate with third parties with respect to those rights.  If the parties fail to enter into a license agreement within the License Option Period under the provisions of this Section 7.1, University rights in University Inventions and Joint Inventions shall be disposed of in accordance with University policies with no further obligations to Sponsor.  
 7.2    Background Intellectual Property  ( BIP ) means intellectual property and the legal rights therein (including, but not limited to, inventions, patent applications, patents, copyrights, and any information embodying proprietary data such as technical data and computer software) of University developed or created by Principal Investigator(s) before the Effective Date of the Research Program and necessary for the full exercise of all intellectual property which is related to the Research Program.  University BIP is listed in Attachment B of this Agreement.  The Parties agree that nothing in this Agreement grants either Party any rights to any background intellectual property of the other Party created before the Effective Date of the Agreement.  
 7.3   The applicable Sponsor Entity has the right to elect to have patent applications filed on any University Invention or Joint Invention, and if it does so, then such Sponsor Entity shall reimburse University for all documented, out-of-pocket patent expenses incurred by University, including those for patentability opinions, within thirty (30) days of such Sponsor Entity s receipt of an invoice from   
 5 

University.  Such patent expenses shall include, but not be limited to, the cost of any prior activities investigating patentability of said invention before exercise of the option, such as search and opinion for patentability, that may have been performed by University pursuant to its arrival at a judgment of commercially exploitable status.  Following expiration of the License Option Period, and in the event that University grants a license to any University Inventions to a third party (the  Third Party License ), University shall pay to the applicable Sponsor Entity its reasonable costs incurred in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the licensed University Inventions or Joint Inventions paid under the Third Party License with the following priority for payment: i) in one full payment from the fees reimbursed to University by a third party under the executed license; or if necessary, ii) on a quarterly basis, a royalty (the  Third Party Royalty ) equal to one hundred percent (100%) of University s net licensing revenue attributable to the Third Party License (including license fees, royalties, revenue sharing, milestone payments and other monetary payments) until such time as University has paid to such Sponsor Entity aggregate Third Party Royalties equal to such Sponsor Entity s reasonable costs incurred in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the licensed University Inventions.  
 7.4   At its discretion, University may allow the applicable Sponsor Entity to instruct Prosecution Counsel directly for University Inventions and Joint Inventions, provided, that prior written approval is obtained and the Prosecution Counsel remains counsel to the University with an appropriate contract (and shall not jointly represent such Sponsor Entity unless requested by such Sponsor Entity and approved by University, not to be unreasonably denied, and an appropriate engagement letter and conflict waiver are in effect).  If such Sponsor Entity wishes to instruct Prosecution Counsel directly or change Prosecution Counsel, such Sponsor Entity may request to do so by following the University s procedures for such.  Subject to the terms herein University reserves in its sole discretion the ability to change Prosecution Counsel and to approve or disapprove any requested changes by such Sponsor Entity.  The Parties agree that they share a common legal interest to get valid enforceable patents in strategically important countries and that both Parties will maintain as privileged all information received pursuant to this Section 7.  Each Party agrees to cooperate fully in the preparation, filing, and prosecution of any patent and any joint patent, as described herein.  Such cooperation includes without limitation executing all papers and instruments, or requiring its representatives to execute such papers and instruments, so as to effectuate the ownership of such intellectual property rights.  
 7.5   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, , University hereby grants to Sponsor a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty free right and license, with the right to sublicense to third parties through multiple tiers, to use the Data and Results for any and all purposes.  Data and Results mean all data, information and results arising from the Research Program that are included in the Research Program deliverables but are not inventions and discoveries for which a patent invention disclosure is made.  
  8.    LIABILITY  
 8.1   Sponsor agrees to defend (and subject to the statutory duties of the Texas State Attorney General to defend University, if applicable),indemnify and hold harmless System, University, their Regents, officers, agents and employees from any liability, loss or damage they may suffer as a result of third party claims, demands, costs or judgments against them arising out of the activities to be carried out pursuant to the obligations of this Agreement, including but not limited to the use by Sponsor of the results obtained from the activities performed by University under this Agreement; provided, however, that the following is excluded from Sponsor s obligation to defend, indemnify and hold harmless:  
 (a)   the negligent failure of University to substantially comply with any applicable FDA or other governmental requirements; or  
 6 

(b)    the negligence or willful malfeasance of any Regent, officer, agent or employee of University or System  
 8.2   To the extent authorized by the constitution and laws of the State of Texas, University agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sponsor, its officers, agents and employees from any liability, loss or damage they may suffer as a result of third party claims, demands, costs or judgments against them arising out of (i) the negligence or willful malfeasance of any Regent, officer, agent or employee of University or System or (ii) breach of this Agreement by any Regent, officer, agent or employee of University or System, provided, however, that University shall not be obligated to hold harmless any Sponsor Indemnitee from claims arising out of the negligence or willful malfeasance of Sponsor.  
 8.3   Both parties agree that upon receipt of a notice of claim or action arising out of the activities to be carried out pursuant to the Research Program, the party receiving such notice will notify the other party promptly.  
  9.    INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR  
 For the purpose of this Agreement and all services to be provided hereunder, the parties shall be, and shall be deemed to be, independent contractors and not agents or employees of the other party.  Neither party shall have authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action which shall be binding on the other party, except as may be expressly provided for herein or authorized in writing. 
  10.    TERM AND TERMINATION  
 10.1   This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend until the end of the Research Term, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 10.  
 10.2   This Agreement may be terminated by Sponsor for its convenience upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to University.  
 10.3    In the event that either party shall be in default of its material obligations under this Agreement and shall fail to remedy such default within sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof, this Agreement may be terminated at the option of the party not in default upon expiration of the sixty (60) day period.  
 10.4   This Agreement shall terminate automatically and immediately if Sponsor becomes bankrupt or insolvent and/or enters receivership or trusteeship, whether by voluntary act of Sponsor or otherwise.  
 10.5   Termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties accrued prior to termination.  Upon termination, (i) Sponsor shall pay University for all reasonable expenses incurred or committed to be expended due pursuant to Section 3 hereof as of the effective termination date, including salaries for appointees for the remainder of their appointment and (ii) University shall return to Sponsor or destroy any Confidential Information in its possession or control, subject to University s right to keep an archival copy pursuant to Section 6.3.  
 10.6   Any provisions of this Agreement which by their nature extend beyond termination shall survive such termination including, without limitation, Sections 6 and 7.  
 7 

10.7    This Agreement will terminate with respect to any individual Sponsor Entity at such time as it is no longer a wholly owned subsidiary of Aeglea BioTherapeutics Holdings LLC and upon such a termination the respective Sponsor Entity shall be removed as a party to this Agreement.  Sponsor will provide prompt written notice of the same to University.  
  11.    ATTACHMENTS  
 Attachments A and B are incorporated and made a part of this Agreement for all purposes.   
  12.    USE OF HUMAN SUBJECTS (if applicable)  
 12.1   University will conduct all research in accordance with Federal Wide Assurance #2030, written protocol, applicable law, and University s ethical standards.  In the event a research participant has a research related injury neither University nor the Sponsor are responsible for any resulting medical care.  
 12.2   If the Sponsor is responsible for monitoring research, then the Sponsor must alert University s Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) when research findings:  
 (a)   Affect the safety of the participants  
 (b)   Affect the willingness of research participants to continue participation  
 (c)   Influence the conduct of the study  
 (d)   Alter the IRB s approval for the study  
 12.3   In the event research findings indicate that current and past participants are at increased risk that was not anticipated at the time of the study design, the Principal Investigator, in accordance with both University IRB Policy and Procedures and the informed consent agreement, will immediately inform research participants of risk alteration.  
  13.    GENERAL  
 13.1   Neither Party can assign its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such consent shall be needed for a assignment by any Sponsor Entity to another Sponsor Entity of part or all of the assigning Sponsor Entity s interest.  After a Party has received a written request for consent to assign, the receiving Party will respond in writing within thirty (30) days.  If the receiving Party does not respond in writing within thirty (30) days, that Party s silence will be deemed to mean that the receiving Party consents to the assignment.  Any assignment made without the written or deemed consent of the non-assigning Party will be null and void.  Subject to the approval of University, which may not be unreasonably withheld, Sponsor is permitted to assign this Agreement in connection with a merger or a sale or transfer of substantially all of its assets; provided, however, that such assignee shall have expressly assumed all of the obligations and liabilities of Sponsor under this Agreement, and provided, further that, University may assign its right to receive payments hereunder.  
 13.2   This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the parties relating to the Research Program, and all prior negotiations, representations, agreements and understandings are superseded hereby.  No agreements altering or supplementing the terms hereof may be made except by   
 8 

means of a written document signed by the duly authorized representatives of University and Funding Sponsor.  Terms and conditions which may be set forth (front, reverse, attached or incorporated) in any purchase order issued by Sponsor in connection with this Agreement shall not apply, except for informational billing purposes; i.e., reference to purchase order number, address for submission of invoices, or other invoicing items of a similar informational nature.  
 13.3   Any notice required by this Agreement by Articles 7, 8 or 10 shall be given prepaid, first class, certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed in the case of University to:  
 The University of Texas System, O.G.C. 201 West 7th Street Austin, Texas 78701 Attention: Intellectual Property Section Phone: (512) 499-4462 FAX: (512) 499-4523 
 Vice President for Research The University of Texas at Austin P.O. Box 7996, Mail Code G1400 Austin, Texas 78713 Attention: Technology Licensing Specialist Phone: (512) 471-2995 FAX: (512) 475-6894 
 or in the case of the Sponsor to: 
 Aeglea Development Company, Inc. 815-A Brazos St., #101 Austin TX 78701 Attn: David G. Lowe Phone: [phone] FAX: (866) 873-2149 E-Mail: [email] 
 or at such other addresses as may be given from time to time in accordance with the terms of this notice provision. 
 Notices and other communications regarding the day-to-day administration and operations of this Agreement shall be mailed (or otherwise delivered), addressed in the case of University to: 
 The University of Texas at Austin Office of Industry Engagement North Office Building-A, Suite 5.2 Post Office Box 7727, MC A9300 Austin, Texas 78712-1736 Attention: Bill Catlett, Director Phone: (512) 471-3866 FAX: (512) 471-7839 E-mail: industry@austin.utexas.edu 
 9 

with a copy to:  
 Dr. George Georgiou The University of Texas at Austin Department of Chemical Engineering Austin, Texas 78712 Phone: [phone] E-Mail: [email] 
 or in the case of Sponsor to: 
 Aeglea Development Company, Inc. 815-A Brazos St., #101 Austin TX 78701 Attn: David G. Lowe Phone: [phone] FAX: (866) 873-2149 E-Mail: [email] 
 13.4   This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas.  
 13.5   Each Party acknowledges that this Agreement and the performance thereof are subject to compliance with any and all applicable United States laws, regulations, or orders, including those that may relate to the export of technical data, and each Party agrees to comply with all such laws, regulations and orders, including, if applicable, all requirements of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and/or the Export Administration Act, as may be amended.  Sponsor further agrees that if the export laws are applicable, it will not disclose or re-export any technical data under this Agreement to any countries for which the United States government requires an export license or other supporting documentation at the time of export or transfer, unless Sponsor has obtained prior written authorization from the U.S. Office of Export Control or other authority responsible for such matters.  
 13.6   If any provision contained in this Agreement is held invalid, unenforceable or contrary to laws then the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force.  In such instance, Parties shall use their best efforts to replace the invalid provision(s) with legally valid provisions having an economic effect as close as possible to the original intent of Parties,  
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.  

11 

ATTACHMENT A   RESEARCH PROGRAM  
 Aeglea LLC will sponsor research in the laboratory of Professor George Georgiou, Depts of Chemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering and Molecular Biosciences on the engineering, optimization and initial animal validation of human enzyme therapeutics for the following purposes: 
 Specific Aim 1.  The systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy, as elaborated below. 
 Specific Aim 2.  Enzyme replacement for the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects, primarily but not limited to diseases stemming from mutations impacting physiological enzymatic function. 
 It is anticipated that during the 2013-2014 fiscal year, the work to be carried out at the Georgiou lab will focus primarily, but not exclusively on Specific Aim 1.  During this period the Georgiou lab will seek to focus on the engineering and optimization of the following enzymes: 

Studies to be performed under 1.1-1.4 may include: 

a)   
 
 Engineering enzymes having high catalytic proficiency (kcat/Km) and substrate specificity, as required for human therapeutic purposes.    

b)   
 
 High thermodynamic stability in vitro and in physiological fluids, namely in human serum    

c)   
 
 Formulation of the enzymes from 1.1-1.4 for prolonged circulation half-life by conjugation or polyethylene glycol or similar means.    

d)   
 
 Development of lab scale processes for the preparative production of these enzymes at scale.    

e)   
 
 In vitro studies to evaluate the effect of the engineered enzymes from 1.1-1.4 on cancer cell lines and, if available on primary tumor cells.    

f)   
 
 Evaluation of the efficacy of the enzymes from 1.1-1.4 above in xenograft tumor mouse models, as applicable.    

g)   
 
 Mechanistic studies as might be required to support Investigative New Drug applications (IND) to the FDA specifically addressing the impact of enzymes from 1.1-1.4 on cell cycle arrest, autophagy and apoptotic death of cancer cells.    

 ***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Background IP * and party owning or controlling that BIP  
 
 Restrictions on BIP** 
 (If restrictions exist, describe nature of restrictions and third party that holds the rights thereto.) (If no restrictions exist, state  none )  

Owned by The University of Texas at Austin :  
 Engineering of L-Cysteine/L-Cystine degrading enzymes for therapeutic purposes 
 Improvement on UTSB 741  Engineered human methionine gamma lyase enzymes and pharmacological preparations thereof 

Exclusively licensed by Sponsor :  
 PLA number PM1400601 (6337 GEO) BIP: 61/871,727 (provisional patent application number) 
 PLA number PM4011501 (6314 GEO) BIP: 61/871,768 (provisional patent application number)  

*  Background IP  means any and all patents or patent applications for inventions, discoveries or technology developed prior to the date hereof which necessarily would be infringed by the making, use or sale of a product the making, use or sale of which would also infringe a claim of a patent or patent application for any invention, discovery or technology reasonably expected to result from the performance of the Research Program.  If the BIP is applicable to multiple items, components, or processes identify both the BIP and each such item, component, or process. 
 **Restrictions on BIP may include licenses granted by the owner of the BIP or industrial sponsorship arrangements that allow the sponsor rights to review publications or to negotiate a license.  Indicate whether development was funded either exclusively or partially by a government or non-government source, and list the source.  Enter any reason that owner s ability to grant licenses in the BIP could be restricted.  Identify basis of restriction (e.g., rights from a pre-existing agreement, rights in data generated under another contract, limited purpose rights under this or a prior contract, or specifically negotiated licenses). 

Printed Name:  

George Georgiou  

Title:  

Professor  

Signature  

/s/ George Georgiou  

Date  

December 6, 2013  

13 

ATTACHMENT B   SPONSORED RESEARCH AGREEMENT UTA13-001113  
 Identification of Background IP and Restrictions on its Use, Release, or Disclosure 
 University s Principal Investigator asserts that the following identifies the Background IP (BIP) developed by University researchers performing under the Research Program and restrictions that exist on the rights of the entity owning or controlling the BIP to use, release, or disclose the BIP. 
 Controlled by George Georgiou and exclusively licensed by Sponsor :  

14 

Amendment 1   To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )    Between   The University of Texas at Austin ( UT )   And   Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase,  Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc. (each a  Sponsor Entity  and collectively,  Sponsor )  
 The purpose of this Amendment: 
 To extend the period of performance and increase the limitation of funding to perform additional research. 
 This Sponsored Research Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the Parties  as follows: 
 1. Attachment A, Statement of Work, is appended with the Statement of Work included with this Amendment 1 as Attachment A-1, attached hereto.  
 2. Section 2.2 is hereby replaced with the following:  The Research Program shall be performed during the period from the Effective Date through and including January 15, 2016 (the  Research Term ).  Funding Sponsor shall have the option of extending the Research Program under mutually agreeable support terms.  
 3. Section 3.2, first paragraph and payment schedule, are hereby replaced with the following:  As consideration for the performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement, Funding Sponsor will pay the University an amount equal to its reasonable, documented expenditures and reasonable overhead (such overhead to not exceed the rate set forth in University s indirect rate agreement with the U.S. Federal Government) in conducting the Research Program subject to a maximum expenditure limitation of $761,252, an increase of $375,000 over the currently funded amount of $386,252, provided that in any and all events, the amounts charged by University shall not, without Funding Sponsor s prior written consent, exceed the amount of the maximum expenditure limitation.  Funding Sponsor has paid University $386,252 as consideration for its performance under the Research Program as described in Attachment A.  Payments under the following Attachment A-1 shall be made as follows (subject to the possible later return of funds if uncommitted and unexpended, under Section 3.3):  
 a) Upon execution of all parties to the Agreement: $93,750;  b) $93,750 by March 31, 2015; and  c) $93,750 by June 30, 2015  d) $93,750 by Sept 30, 2015   

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

All other terms and conditions of this Sponsored Research Agreement remain unchanged.  

Attachment A-1, Statement of Work  
 Aeglea LLC will sponsor research in the laboratory of Professor George Georgiou, Departments of Chemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering and Molecular Biosciences on the engineering, optimization and initial animal validation of human enzyme therapeutics for the following purposes: 
 Specific Aim 1.  The systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy. 
 Specific Aim 2.  Enzyme replacement for the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects, primarily but not limited to diseases stemming from mutations impacting physiological enzymatic function. 
 It is anticipated that during the 2014-2015 fiscal year most of the work to be carried out at the Georgiou lab will focus primarily, but not exclusively on Specific Aim 1.  During this period the Georgiou lab will seek to focus on the engineering and optimization of the following enzymes: 

a)   
 
 Engineering enzymes having high catalytic proficiency (kcat/Km) and substrate specificity, as required for human therapeutic purposes.    

b)   
 
 High thermodynamic stability in vitro and in physiological fluids, namely in human serum    

c)   
 
 Formulation of the enzymes from 1.1-1.4 for prolonged circulation half-life by conjugation or polyethylene glycol or similar means.    

d)   
 
 Development of lab scale processes for the preparative production of these enzymes at scale.    

e)   
 
 In vitro studies to evaluate the effect of the engineered enzymes from 1.1-1.4 on cancer cell lines and, if available on primary tumor cells.    

f)   
 
 Evaluation of the efficacy of the enzymes from 1.1-1.4 above in xenograft tumor mouse models, as applicable.    

g)   
 
 Mechanistic studies as might be required to support Investigative New Drug applications (IND) to the FDA specifically addressing the impact of enzymes from 1.1-1.4 on cell cycle arrest, autophagy and apoptotic death of cancer cells.    

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Amendment 01   To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )  
 This Amendment to the Sponsored Research Agreement ( Agreement ) is made between The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, Texas ( University ), an institution of higher education created by the Constitution and law of the State of Texas under The University of Texas System ( System ) and Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc., all Delaware C corporations with their principal place of business at 815 A Brazos St., #101, Austin TX 78701 (each a  Sponsor Entity  and collectively,  Sponsor ). Aeglea Development Company, Inc. may be referred to herein as the  Funding Sponsor  or  Sponsor Entity  as appropriate.  
 The purpose of this Amendment: 
 Sponsor and University desire to amend the terms of the Agreement to extend the performance period at no cost as set forth below. 
 This Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the Parties as follows: 
 1. Article 2. Research Program, paragraph 2.2 is hereby amended to read:  
 The Research Program shall be performed during the period from the Effective Date through and including  January 15, 2015 . Funding Sponsor shall have the option of extending the Research Program under mutually agreeable support terms.  
 All other terms and conditions of this Agreement remain unchanged. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.  

THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC.  

/s/ Ty Helpinstill  

/s/ David G. Lowe  

By:  
 
 Ty Helpinstill  

By:  
 
 David G. Lowe  

Title:  
 
 Assoc. Dir, Office of Industry Engagement  

Title:  
 
 CEO  

Date:  
 
 24 September 2014  

Date:  
 
 9/23/14  

AERASE, INC.  

AEMASE, INC.  

/s/ David G. Lowe  

/s/ David G. Lowe  

By:  
 
 David G. Lowe  

By:  
 
 David G. Lowe  

Title:  
 
 CEO  

Title:  
 
 CEO  

Date:  
 
 9/23/14  

Date:  
 
 9/23/14  

Amendment 3   To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )   Between   The University of Texas at Austin ( UT )   And   Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase, Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase,   Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc. (each a  Sponsor Entity  and collectively,  Sponsor )  
 The purpose of this Amendment: 
 To correct the numeration of the prior amendment and increase the limitation of funding to perform additional research, and restructure payment terms, 
 This Sponsored Research Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the Parties as follows: 
 1.  Amendment 1  executed between the parties on November 13, 2014, is restated as and shall hereafter be known as  Amendment 2.   
 2. Attachment A, Research Program, is appended with the statement of work included with this Amendment 3 as Attachment A-2, attached hereto.  
 3. Section 2.2 is hereby replaced with the following:  The Research Program shall be performed during the period from the Effective Dale through and including August 31, 2016 (the  Research Term ). Funding Sponsor shall have the option of extending the Research Program under mutually agreeable support terms.  
 4. Section 3.2, first paragraph and the payment schedule, are hereby replaced with the following:  As consideration for the performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement, Funding Sponsor will pay the University an amount equal to its reasonable, documented expenditures and reasonable overhead (such overhead to not exceed the rate set forth in University s indirect rate agreement with the U.S. Federal Government) in conducting the Research Program subject to a maximum expenditure limitation of $1,323,752, an increase of $562,500 over the currently funded amount of $761,252, provided that in any and all events, the amounts charged by University shall not, without Funding Sponsor s prior written consent, exceed the amount of the maximum expenditure limitation. Payments shall be made as follows (subject to the possible later return of funds if uncommitted and unexpended, under Section 3.3):  
 a) $573,752 - PAID TO DATE (consisting of $386,252 under the initial Agreement and $187,500 under Amendment 2)  
 b) $375,000 due upon execution of this Amendment, which shall include the $93,750 previously due June 30, 2015 under Amendment 2, invoice issued on June 29, 2015  
 c) $187,500 due on January 31, 2016, invoice to be issued by December 31, 2015  
 d) $187,500 due on April 30, 2016, invoice to be issued by March 31, 2016  
 5. Section 3.5 is hereby amended to change the Sponsor contact information for University invoices to: accounting@aegleabio.com, and for questions: Jo O Keefe, 512-900-3662, (Alternate contacts: April Duley, aduley@aegleabio.com, 512-900-3826, and Charles York, cyork@aegleabio.com, 512-394-4188)  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

All other terms and conditions of this Sponsored Research Agreement remain unchanged.  

THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC.  

/s/ Ty Helpinstill  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Ty Helpinstill  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

Title:  
 
 Assoc. Dir, Office of Industry Engagement  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Date:  
 
 3 Aug 2015  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

AERASE, INC.  

AEMASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

AECASE, INC.  

AE4ASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

AE5ASE, INC.  

AE6ASE; INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles York  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Title:  
 
 Sr. Vice President of Finance + Accounting  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

Date:  
 
 10 Aug 2015  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Attachment A-2   Statement of Work  
 Aeglea LLC will sponsor research in the laboratory of Professor George Georgiou, Departments of Chemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering and Molecular Biosciences on the engineering, optimization and initial animal validation of human enzyme therapeutics for the following purposes: 
 Specific Aim 1. The systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy. 
 Specific Aim 2. Enzyme replacement for the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects, primarily but not limited to diseases stemming from mutations impacting physiological enzymatic function. 
 During the 2014-2015 fiscal year the Georgiou lab has been focusing on Specific Aim 1; the engineering and optimization of the following enzymes: 
 1.1. [***] 
 1.2. [***] 
 1.3. [***] 
 1.4. [***] 
   
 It is anticipated that during the 2015-2016 fiscal year most of the work to be carried out at the Georgiou lab will focus primarily on Specific Aim 1 but also Specific Aim 2. During this period the Georgiou lab will seek to focus on the engineering and optimization of the following enzyme programs: 
 1.1. [***] 
 1.2. [***] 
 1.3. [***] 
 2.1. Specific Aim 1  
 2.2. Specific Aim 2  
 2.4. Specific Aim 3 
   
 Studies to be performed under 1.1-2.4 may include: 
   
     Recombination (DNA shuffling) and screening of variants identified from pfunkel library:  
 [***] 
 [***] 
 [***] 
     Biophysical studies aimed at [***]  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Excipients: survey of buffer, pH, excipient conditions for effect on activity, aggregation etc.  
 Preliminary stress tests 
     Develop assays for transsulfuration enzyme expression  
     Proof of concept experiments in triple negative breast cancer  

1.2 [***]   program 
     [***]  

1.3. [***] 
     1.3.1 Proof of concept studies for immune-oncology studies.  
     [***]  
     1.3.2. [***]  
     1.3.3.   [***]  
     1.3.4 [***]  

2. SRA expansion 
 The purpose of the SRA expansion is to further support activities outlined in the initial 2015-2016 scope of work and to provide expanded research for: 
 a) the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects, primarily but not limited to diseases stemming from mutations impacting physiological enzymatic function  
 b) the treatment of patients with solid or hematologic malignancies  
 Specific Aim 1:  [***]  
 Specific Aim 2:  [***]  
 Specific Aim 3.  [***]  

2.1 Specific Aim 1: 
 Recombination (DNA shuffling) and screening of variants identified from a scanning saturation library of [***] 

[***]     

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Tertiary screening for expression, kinetics and stability (purified protein)  
     Biophysical studies of selected variants  
     [***]  
     PD study in mice to evaluate Cystine   Cysteine levels following single dose administration  

2.2 Specific Aim 2: 
     Method development to support analysis of [***] in animal models (see below)  
     Evaluation of [***]  
     [***]  
     [***]  

2.3 Specific Aim 3: 
     [***]  
     [***]  
     Other scaffold TBD  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Amendment 4    To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )    Between    The University of Texas at Austin ( UT )    And    Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase,    Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc. (each a  Sponsor Entity     and collectively,  Sponsor )  
 The purpose of this Amendment: 
 To name a new sponsor entity and to change the designated Funding Sponsor under the Agreement. 
 This Sponsored Research Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the parties as  follows: 

1.   
 
 Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. is hereby added to the Agreement as a new Sponsor Entity.    

2.   
 
 All rights and obligations of Funding Sponsor referred to in the Agreement are hereby assigned from Aeglea Development Company, Inc. to Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., who is designated as the new Funding Sponsor under the Agreement.     

3.   
 
 Section 13.3 is hereby amended to change Sponsor contact information to:     

 Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.  901 S. MoPac Expressway, Suite 250  Barton Oaks Plaza One  Austin, TX 78746  Attn: Charles N. York II  Phone: [phone]  E-Mail: [email] 
 All other terms and conditions of this Sponsored Research Agreement remain unchanged. 

THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC.  

/s/ Bill Catlett  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Bill Catlett  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Director, Office of Industry Engagement  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 05 NOV 2015  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

AERASE, INC.   

AEMASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

AECASE, INC.  

AE4ASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

AE5ASE, INC.  

AE6ASE; INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 04 NOV 2015  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Amendment 5      To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )      Between      The University of Texas at Austin ( UT )      And      Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase,    Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc. (each a  Sponsor Entity     and collectively,  Sponsor )  

The purpose of this Amendment:  

To increase the limitation of funding in order to purchase equipment to be used to perform the research. 

This Sponsored Research Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the parties as follows:  

1.   
 
 Attachment A, Research Program, is appended with the listing of equipment to be purchased and  used to perform the Research Program, and included with this Amendment 5 as Attachment A-3,   attached hereto.   

2.   
 
  Section 3.2, first paragraph and the payment schedule, are hereby replaced with the following:  As   consideration for the performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement, Funding   Sponsor will pay the University an amount equal to its reasonable, documented expenditures and   reasonable overhead (such overhead to not exceed the rate set forth in University s indirect rate agreement with the U.S. Federal Government) in conducting the Research Program subject to a   maximum expenditure limitation of $1,406,211, an increase of $82,459 over the currently funded   amount of $1,323,752, provided that in any and all events, the amounts charged by University shall   not, without Funding Sponsor s prior written consent, exceed the amount of the maximum  expenditure limitation. Payments shall be made as follows (subject to the possible later return of  funds if uncommitted and unexpended, under Section 3.3):   

a) $948,752   PAID TO DATE  
 b)   $187,500 due on January 31, 2016, invoice issued on January 5, 2016  
 c)   $82,459 due upon execution of this Amendment and within fourteen (14) days of receipt  
 of  an undisputed invoice sent via email to the address in Article 3.5  
 d)   $187,500 due on April 30, 2016, invoice to be issued by March 3 I , 2016  

All other terms and conditions of this Sponsored Research Agreement remain unchanged.  

[Signature Page Follows] 

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC.  

/s/ Ty Helpinstill  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Ty Helpinstill, Assoc. Director  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Office of Industry Engagement  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 6 Jan 2016  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

AERASE, INC.  

AEMASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

AECASE, INC.  

AE4ASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

AE5ASE, INC.  

AE6ASE; INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

/s/ Charles York  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 07 Jan 2016  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Attachment A-3: Equipment  
 [***] [Redacted Seven Pages] 

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Amendment 6     To Sponsored Research Agreement UTA13-001113 ( Agreement )    Between      The Unive  rsity of Texas at Austin ( UT )     And   Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., Aeglea Development Company, Inc., AERase, Inc., AEMase,   Inc., AECase, Inc., AE4ase, Inc., AE5ase, Inc., and AE6ase, Inc. (each a  Sponsor Entity    and collectively,  Sponsor )  
   
 The purpose of this Amendment: 
 To extend the term of the Research Program, increase the limitation of funding under the Agreement to continue the research, and provide for title transfer of certain equipment to Sponsor. 
 This Sponsored Research Agreement is modified by mutual agreement of the parties as follows: 

1.   
 
 Attachment A, Research Program, is appended with the statement of work included with this Amendment 6 as Attachment A-4, attached hereto.  

2.   
 
 Section 2.2 is hereby replaced with the following:   The Research Program shall be performed during the period from the Effective Date through and including August 31, 2017 (the  Research Term ).  Funding Sponsor shall have the option of extending the Research Program under mutually agreeable support terms.   

3.   
 
 Section 3.2, first paragraph and the payment schedule, are hereby replaced with the following:  

As consideration for the performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement, Funding Sponsor will pay the University an amount equal to its reasonable, documented expenditures and reasonable overhead (such overhead to not exceed the rate set forth in University s indirect rate agreement with the U.S. Federal Government) in conducting the Research Program subject to a maximum expenditure limitation of $2,156,211, an increase of $750,000 over the currently funded amount of $1,406,211, provided that in any and all events, the amounts charged by University shall not, without Funding Sponsor s prior written consent, exceed the amount of the maximum expenditure limitation. Sponsor has paid University $1,406,211 as consideration for its performance under the Project as described in Attachments A, A-1, A-2, and A-3. Upcoming payments are intended to cover performance by University under the Project as described in Attachment A-4, and shall be made as follows (subject to the possible later return of funds if uncommitted and unexpended, under Section 3.3): 

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

4.   
 
  Section 3.4 is hereby replaced with the following:     

 3.4 University shall retain title to all equipment purchased and/or fabricated by it with funds provided by Funding Sponsor under this Agreement, except that Sponsor shall retain title and all rights, interest and risks of ownership to the equipment listed hereunder as Attachment C ( HPLC Equipment ), which was purchased by University on March 10, 2016, and delivered to University on April 11, 2016, with funds provided by Funding Sponsor under Amendment 5.  
 (i) Sponsor agrees to loan the HPLC Equipment to University for a period beginning March 10, 2016, until the termination of this Agreement ( Loan Period ). Subject to terms, conditions and restrictions in this Agreement, Sponsor hereby grants to University, at no charge, a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use the HPLC Equipment in the Principal Investigator s lab only during the Loan Period and specifically for the Research Program. ALL RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREUNDER ARE RESERVED TO SPONSOR.  
 (ii) Sponsor agrees to arrange with the Principal Investigator s lab for the HPLC Equipment to be removed at the end of the project using a vendor of Sponsor s choice upon the expiration of the Loan Period. Such recovery shall be at Sponsor s expense. In the event Sponsor does not recover said HPLC Equipment within 60 days of the termination of this Agreement, University shall provide written notice to Sponsor regarding such recovery and title to the HPLC Equipment will vest in University with no compensation owed to Sponsor if Sponsor has not recovered such HPLC Equipment from University within 30 days of Sponsor s receipt of such written notice.  
 (iii) University and Sponsor hereby agree that there will be no rental rate or deposit for the described Equipment. The loan is free of any financial obligation by the University.  
 (iv) Sponsor acknowledges that the HPLC Equipment will be insured by University, at Sponsor s expense, and University will be liable for any theft, loss or damage to the HPLC Equipment resulting from use contrary to written handling or operating instructions supplied by Sponsor or the manufacturer. University shall provide prompt written notice to Sponsor in the event of any theft, loss or damage to the HPLC Equipment. University s sole responsibility will be limited to exercising reasonable care of and providing reasonable security for the HPLC Equipment on University premises.  
 (v) University will be responsible for obtaining all expendable supplies required in the operation of equipment, to be paid for with funds provided by Funding Sponsor.  
 (vi) Normal wear and tear to the HPLC Equipment will not be considered damage or loss reimbursable by insurance or otherwise. Further, University will also not be responsible for any repair and modification of the HPLC Equipment that is caused by normal wear and tear, or machinery defect.  
 (vii) If the loan of the HPLC Equipment under this Agreement requires the presence on University s premises of Sponsor s employees, agents, suppliers or permitted subcontractors (if any), Sponsor agrees to maintain, at Sponsor s sole expense, and to cause its agents, suppliers and permitted subcontractors (if any) to maintain, at their sole expense, the following insurance coverages in at least the amounts specified:  
 (a) Workers Compensation: Statutory Limits  
 (b) Employer s Liability: $1,000,000 per accident and employee  
 (c) Commercial General Liability (including contractual liability): $1,000,000 per occurrence  
 (d) Auto Liability: $1,000,000 combined single limit  
 (e) All other insurance required by state or federal law  
 All policies (except Workers  Compensation) shall name University as an additional insured. A waiver of subrogation in favor of University and thirty (30) day notice of cancellation is required on all policies.  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Certificates of insurance verifying the foregoing requirements shall be provided to University within thirty (30) days of the execution of this Amendment or thirty (30) days before any planned presence of Sponsor or its agents on University s presence as required by the HPLC Equipment loan. If a policy contains deductible provisions, Sponsor shall be responsible for payment of the deductible amount for any claim(s) or the pursuit of any claim(s) or asserted claim(s) against University, its agents, employees or representatives.  
 Verification of insurance coverage shall be forwarded to: 
 [***] The University of Texas at Austin Department of Chemical Engineering 1 University Station C0400 Austin, TX 78712 [***] 
 (viii) UNIVERSITY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE HPLC EQUIPMENT IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SPONSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES HEREUNDER, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE HPLC EQUIPMENT, AND SPONSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
 (ix) Without prejudice to any of the foregoing, to the extent authorized by the laws and Constitution of the State of Texas, Sponsor will not be liable for special, indirect, consequential, incidental or exemplary damages arising out of or alleged to arise out of the use of the HPLC Equipment (collectively,  Damages ). The foregoing exclusions and limitations shall apply to all Damages (a) however caused or alleged to be caused, (b) even if Sponsor has been advised of the possibility of such Damages, (c) whether grounded in warranty, negligence, tort, strict liability, breach of contract, civil liability or other cause of action or claim, (d) regardless of whether claimed in the form of an allegation, demand, suit, action or other proceeding, and (e) notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.  
 (x) The intellectual property and publication provisions of this Agreement shall govern the rights for intellectual property and publication resulting from the use of the HPLC Equipment hereunder.  
 (xi) Neither Party will make any press releases, public statements, or advertisement referring to the loan of the HPLC Equipment for publication, advertisement or any other purpose without the prior written approval of the other Party.  

5.   
 
  Article 11 of this Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:  Attachments A, B and C are incorporated and made a part of this Agreement for all purposes.      

 All other terms and conditions of this Sponsored Research Agreement remain unchanged. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN  

AEGLEA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, INC.  

/s/ Ty Helpinstill  

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

By:  
 
 Ty Helpinstill, Associate Director  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Office of Industry Engagement  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 4 August 2016  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

AERASE, INC.  

AEMASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

AECASE, INC.  

AE4ASE, INC.  

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

AE5ASE, INC.  

AE6ASE; INC.  

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

Date:  
 
 03 Aug 2016  

AEGLEA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

/s/ Charles  N.  York  II   

By:  
 
 Charles N. York II  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
 
 05 Aug 2016  

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Attachment A-4   Statement of Work  
 Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. will sponsor research in the laboratory of Professor George Georgiou, Departments of Chemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering and Molecular Biosciences on the engineering, optimization and initial animal validation of human enzyme therapeutics for the following purposes: 
 Specific Aim 1. The systemic depletion of amino acids for cancer therapy. 
 Specific Aim 2. Enzyme replacement for the treatment of patients having inborn metabolic defects, primarily but not limited to diseases stemming from mutations impacting physiological enzymatic function. 
 It is anticipated that during the 2016-2017 fiscal the Georgiou lab will seek to focus on the engineering and optimization of the following enzyme programs:  
 1.1. [***] 
 1.2. [***] 
 1.3. [***] 
 2.1. [***] 
 2.2. [***] 
  Studies to be performed under 1.1-2.2 will include:  
 1.1 [***] 
 Recombination (DNA shuffling) and analysis of enzyme variants identified following screening of a variety of libraries. 
 [***] 
 Biophysical studies aimed at  [***]  
 [***] 
 Preliminary stress tests 
 1.2. [***] 
   
 1.3. [***] 
   
 2.1. [***] 
   
 2.2. [***] 

***Confidential Treatment Requested. 

Attachment     C  
 [***] 
 ***Confidential Treatment Requested.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 agle-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

agle-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David G. Lowe, Ph.D., certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 agle-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

agle-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I,  Charles N. York II , certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/  Charles N. York II   

Charles N. York II  

Chief Financial Officer and Vice President (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 agle-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

agle-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Of 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David G. Lowe, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.    

Date: November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

David G. Lowe, Ph.D.  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 agle-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

agle-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Of 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Charles N. York II, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.    

Dated: November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Charles N. York II  

Charles N. York II  

Chief Financial Officer and Vice President  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 agle-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 agle-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 agle-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 agle-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 agle-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 agle-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

