<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_790526_0001683168-16-000532_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3397804</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146992</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>207486</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>743486</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1348460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>864044</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>66</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000532.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RadNet, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000790526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				133326724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33307
		FILM NUMBER:		161984332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 COTNER AVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3104787808

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 COTNER AVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRIMEDEX HEALTH SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CCC FRANCHISING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000532.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 radnet_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

For the transition period from                       
to                        

Commission File Number 001-33307  

RadNet, Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in charter)  

(310) 478-7808  

  (Registrant s telephone
number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x 
 No   o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer   o  
      Accelerated filer   x  
      Non-accelerated filer   o  
      Smaller reporting company   o   

(do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes   o   No   x  

The number of shares of the registrant s common
stock outstanding on November 4, 2016 was 46,467,404 shares. 

RADNET, INC.  

   Table
of Contents   

Page   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      7   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      9   

ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      21   

ITEM 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      38   

ITEM 4.  Controls and Procedures  
      38   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  Legal Proceedings  
      40   

ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors  
      40   

ITEM 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      40   

ITEM 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      40   

ITEM 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  
      40   

ITEM 5.  Other Information  
      40   

ITEM 6.  Exhibits  
      40   

SIGNATURES  
      41   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  
      42   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item 1. Financial Statements  

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (IN THOUSANDS
EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

 (IN THOUSANDS) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF EQUITY  

  (IN
THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA)  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (IN THOUSANDS) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS (CONTINUED)  

  (unaudited)  

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities  

We acquired equipment and certain leasehold
improvements for approximately $14.7 million and $15.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
which were not paid for as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The offsetting amounts due were recorded in
our consolidated balance sheet under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016
we added capital lease debt of approximately $1.3 million. 

We recognized a non-cash gain from the return
of common stock of $5.0 million in June 2016. See Note 2, Gain from Return of Common Stock. 

We transferred $2.7 million in fixed assets
in June 2016 to our new joint venture, Glendale Advanced Imaging LLC. See Note 6, Investment in Joint Ventures. 

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company
recorded an increase to additional paid-in capital as a result of $992,000 which was earned as part of an earn out provision included
in the Company s 2015 sale of a non-controlling interest in Baltimore County Radiology, LLC. Such amount had not been received
in cash as of September 30, 2016. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

NOTE 1   NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

We are a national provider of freestanding,
fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging services. At September 30, 2016, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures
with hospitals, 306 centers located in California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island. Our
centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders. Our services
include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography,
ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality
imaging services. Our multi-modality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides
patients and referring physicians one location for multiple procedures. Our operations comprise a single segment for financial
reporting purposes. 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Radnet Management, Inc. (or  Radnet Management ) and Beverly Radiology Medical Group III, a professional
partnership ( BRMG ). BRMG is a partnership of ProNet Imaging Medical Group, Inc., Breastlink Medical Group, Inc. and
Beverly Radiology Medical Group, Inc. The consolidated financial statements also include Radnet Management I, Inc., Radnet Management
II, Inc., Radiologix, Inc., Radnet Managed Imaging Services, Inc., Delaware Imaging Partners, Inc., New Jersey Imaging Partners,
Inc. and Diagnostic Imaging Services, Inc. ( DIS ), all wholly owned subsidiaries of Radnet Management. All of these
affiliated entities are referred to collectively as  RadNet ,  we ,  us ,  our 
or the  Company  in this report. 

Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
810-10-15-14,  Consolidation , stipulates that generally any entity with a) insufficient equity to finance its activities
without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, or b) equity holders that, as a group, lack the characteristics
specified in the ASC which evidence a controlling financial interest, is considered a Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ).
We consolidate all VIEs in which we are the primary beneficiary. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE through
a qualitative analysis that identifies which variable interest holder has the controlling financial interest in the VIE. The variable
interest holder who has both of the following has the controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary: (1) the power
to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation
to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In performing
our analysis, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including: the design and activities of the VIE, the terms of the
contracts the VIE has entered into, the nature of the VIE s variable interests issued and how they were negotiated with or
marketed to potential investors, and which parties participated significantly in the design or redesign of the entity. 

Howard G. Berger, M.D., is our President and
Chief Executive Officer, a member of our Board of Directors, and also owns, indirectly, 99% of the equity interests in BRMG. BRMG
is responsible for all of the professional medical services at nearly all of our facilities located in California under a management
agreement with us, and employs physicians or contracts with various other independent physicians and physician groups to provide
the professional medical services at most of our California facilities. We generally obtain professional medical services from
BRMG in California, rather than provide such services directly or through subsidiaries, in order to comply with California s
prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine. However, as a result of our close relationship with Dr. Berger and BRMG,
we believe that we are able to better ensure that medical service is provided at our California facilities in a manner consistent
with our needs and expectations and those of our referring physicians, patients and payors than if we obtained these services from
unaffiliated physician groups. 

We contract with nine medical groups which provide
professional medical services at all of our facilities in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York. These contracts are similar to our
contract with BRMG. Six of these groups are owned by John V. Crues, III, M.D., RadNet s Medical Director, a member of our
Board of Directors, and a 1% owner of BRMG. Dr. Berger owns a controlling interest in two of these medical groups which provide
professional medical services at one of our Manhattan facilities. 

RadNet provides non-medical, technical and administrative
services to BRMG and the nine medical groups mentioned above ( NY Groups ) for which it receives a management fee,
pursuant to the related management agreements. Through the management agreements we have exclusive authority over all non-medical
decision making related to the ongoing business operations of BRMG and the NY Groups and we determine the annual budget of BRMG
and the NY Groups. BRMG and the NY Groups both have insignificant operating assets and liabilities, and de minimis equity. Through
management agreements with us, substantially all cash flows of BRMG and the NY Groups after expenses including professional salaries,
are transferred to us. 

We have determined that BRMG and the NY Groups
are VIEs, that we are the primary beneficiary, and consequently, we consolidate the revenue and expenses, assets and liabilities
of each. BRMG and the NY Groups on a combined basis recognized $34.2 million and $29.4 million of revenue, net of management service
fees to RadNet, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $34.2 million and $29.4 million of operating
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. RadNet, Inc. recognized in its condensed consolidated
statement of operations $147.3 million and $106.7 million of total billed net service fee revenue relating to these VIEs for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $113.1 million and $77.3 million was for management services
provided to these VIEs relating primarily to the technical portion of total billed net service fee revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, the VIEs recognized $101.2 million and $83.1 million of revenue, net of management services fees to RadNet,
respectively, and $101.2 million and $83.1 million of operating expenses. RadNet, Inc. recognized in its condensed consolidated
statement of operations $422.2 million and $320.6 million of total billed net service fee revenue relating to these VIEs for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $321.1 million and $237.5 million was for management services
provided to these VIEs relating primarily to the technical portion of total billed net service fee revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The cash flows of BRMG and the NY Groups are
included in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. In our consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have included approximately
$104.7 million and $89.8 million, respectively, of accounts receivable and approximately $8.7 million and $8.5 million of accounts
payable and accrued liabilities related to BRMG and the NY Groups, respectively.  

The creditors of BRMG and the NY Groups do not
have recourse to our general credit and there are no other arrangements that could expose us to losses on behalf of BRMG and the
NY Groups. However, RadNet may be required to provide financial support to cover any operating expenses in excess of operating
revenues. 

At all of our centers we have entered into long-term
contracts with radiology groups in the area to provide physician services at those facilities. These radiology practices provide
professional services, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures, in our diagnostic imaging centers.
The radiology practices maintain full control over the provision of professional services. In these facilities we enter into long-term
agreements with radiology practice groups (typically 40 years). Under these arrangements, in addition to obtaining technical fees
for the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and the provision of technical services, we provide management services and receive
a fee based on the value of the services we provide. Except in New York City, the fee is based on the practice group s
professional revenue, including revenue derived outside of our diagnostic imaging centers. In New York City we are paid a
fixed fee set in advance for our services. We own the diagnostic imaging equipment and, therefore, receive 100% of the technical
reimbursements associated with imaging procedures. The radiology practice groups retain the professional reimbursements associated
with imaging procedures after deducting management service fees paid to us. We have no financial controlling interest in
the radiology practices; accordingly, we do not consolidate the financial statements of those practices in our consolidated financial
statements. Because of the controlling relationship of Dr. Berger and Dr. Crues in the California and New York City practices
we consolidate that income. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X and,
therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
for complete financial statements; however, in the opinion of our management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring adjustments
necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been made. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of
the results for a full year. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto contained in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
filed on March 15, 2016, as amended. 

NOTE 2  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

During the period covered in this report, there
have been no material changes to the significant accounting policies we use and have explained, in our annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended. The information below is intended only to supplement the disclosure in
our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended. 

Revenues  

Service fee revenue, net of contractual allowances
and discounts, consists of net patient fees received from various payors and patients themselves based mainly upon established
contractual billing rates, less allowances for contractual adjustments and discounts. As it relates to BRMG and the NY Groups centers,
this service fee revenue includes payments for both the professional medical interpretation revenue recognized by BRMG and the
NY Groups as well as the payment for all other aspects related to our providing the imaging services, for which we earn management
fees from BRMG and the NY Groups. As it relates to non-BRMG and NY Groups centers, namely the affiliated physician groups, this
service fee revenue is earned through providing the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and the provision of technical services
as well as providing administrative services such as clerical and administrative personnel, bookkeeping and accounting services,
billing and collection, provision of medical and office supplies, secretarial, reception and transcription services, maintenance
of medical records, and advertising, marketing and promotional activities. 

Service fee revenues are recorded during the
period the services are provided based upon the estimated amounts due from the patients and third-party payors. Third-party payors
include federal and state agencies (under the Medicare and Medicaid programs), managed care health plans, commercial insurance
companies and employers. Estimates of contractual allowances are based on historical collection rates of payor reimbursement contract
agreements. 

Under capitation arrangements with various health
plans, we earn a per-enrollee amount each month for making available diagnostic imaging services to all plan enrollees under the
capitation arrangement. Revenue under capitation arrangements is recognized in the period which we are obligated to provide services
to plan enrollees under contracts with various health plans. 

Our service fee revenue, net of contractual
allowances and discounts, the provision for bad debts, and revenue under capitation arrangements are summarized in the following
table (in thousands): 

Provision for Bad Debts   

We provide for an allowance against accounts
receivable that could become uncollectible to reduce the carrying value of such receivables to their estimated net realizable value.
We estimate this allowance based on the aging of our accounts receivable by the historical payment patterns of each type of payor,
write-off trends, and other relevant factors. A significant portion of our provision for bad debt relates to co-payments and deductibles
owed to us from patients with insurance. Although we attempt to collect deductibles and co-payments due from patients with insurance
at the time of service, this attempt to collect at the time of service is not an assessment of the patient s ability to pay
nor are revenues recognized based on an assessment of the patient s ability to pay. There are various factors that can impact
collection trends, such as changes in the economy, which in turn have an impact on the increased burden of co-payments and deductibles
to be made by patients with insurance. These factors continuously change and can have an impact on collection trends and our estimation
process. 

Deferred Tax Assets  

Income tax expense is computed using an asset
and liability method and using expected annual effective tax rates. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities
result from temporary differences in the financial reporting bases and the income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities.
The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefit that, based on available evidence,
is not expected to be realized. When it appears more likely than not that deferred taxes will not be realized, a valuation allowance
is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset to its estimated realizable value. For net deferred tax assets we consider estimates
of future taxable income, including tax planning strategies, in determining whether our net deferred tax assets are more likely
than not to be realized. 

Deferred Financing Costs   

Costs of financing are deferred and amortized
on a straight-line basis over the life of the associated loan, which approximates the effective interest rate method. 

Presentation of Deferred Financing Costs  

In the first quarter of 2016, we adopted Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires that deferred
financing costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of such debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In a subsequent Staff Announcement, codified as ASU 2015-15, the
SEC announced that it would not object to the deferral and presentation of deferred financing costs relating to line-of-credit
arrangements as an asset. We have applied the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented in this report. Such retrospective
adoption had an insignificant impact to our December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet, and had no impact to our consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity, and cash flows. The table below summarizes the impacts
on the Company s December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet: 

Meaningful Use Incentive  

Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act of 2009, a program was enacted that provides financial incentives for providers that successfully implement and utilize electronic
health record technology to improve patient care. Our software development team in Canada developed a Radiology Information System
(RIS) software platform that has been awarded Meaningful Use certification. In order to receive such incentive payments providers
must attest that they have demonstrated meaningful use of the certified RIS in each stage of the program. We account for this meaningful
use incentive under the Gain Contingency Model outlined in ASC 450-30. Under this model, we record within non-operating income,
meaningful use incentive only after Medicare accepts an attestation from the qualified eligible professional demonstrating meaningful
use. We recorded approximately $2.8 million and $3.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively,
relating to this incentive. 

Gain from Return of Common Stock  

In the second quarter of 2016, we determined
that certain pre-acquisition financial information of Diagnostic Imaging Group ( DIG ) provided to us by the sellers
contained errors. As a result of this, we negotiated and reached a settlement with the sellers of DIG in June 2016 for the return
of 958,536 shares of common stock which had a fair value of $5.0 million on the date of return. Such return has been recognized
as a gain from return of common stock in our statement of operations.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We had cash and cash equivalents of $358,000
and accounts receivable of $183.2 million at September 30, 2016, compared to cash and cash equivalents of $446,000 and accounts
receivable of $162.8 million at December 31, 2015. We had a working capital balance of $85.1 million and $72.4 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We had net income attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $1.6 million and $8.0 million, respectively. We had net income attributable to RadNet,
Inc. common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $3.5 million and $6.8 million, respectively.  We
also had stockholders  equity of $36.7 million and $32.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

We operate in a capital intensive, high fixed-cost
industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations. In addition to operations, we require a significant amount
of capital for the initial start-up and development of new diagnostic imaging facilities, the acquisition of additional facilities
and new diagnostic imaging equipment.  Because our cash flows from operations have been insufficient to fund all of these
capital requirements, we have depended on the availability of financing under credit arrangements with third parties. 

Based on our current level of operations, we
believe that cash flow from operations and available cash, together with available borrowings from our senior secured credit facilities,
will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs. Our future liquidity requirements will be for working capital, capital expenditures,
debt service and general corporate purposes. Our ability to meet our working capital and debt service requirements, however, is
subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we
are not able to meet such requirements, we may be required to seek additional financing. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to obtain financing from other sources on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

On a continuing basis, we also consider various
transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures.
These types of transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments but the general timing, size or success of any acquisition,
divestiture or joint venture effort and the related potential capital commitments cannot be predicted. We expect to fund any future
acquisitions primarily with cash flow from operations and borrowings, including borrowing from amounts available under our senior
secured credit facilities or through new equity or debt issuances. 

We and our subsidiaries or affiliates may from
time to time, in our or their sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt or equity securities
in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. 

At September 30, 2016,
our credit facilities were comprised of two tranches of term loans and a revolving credit facility. On July 1, 2016 (the  Restatement
Effective Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 3 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the  Restatement Amendment )
pursuant to which we amended and restated our then existing credit facilities on the terms set forth in the Amended and Restated
First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated July 1, 2016 (as amended from time to time, the  First Lien Credit Agreement ).
Pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, we have issued $485 million of senior secured term loans (the  First Lien Term
Loans ) and established a $117.5 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ).
We have also entered into a Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated March 25, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the  Second
Lien Credit Agreement ) pursuant to which we issued $180 million of secured term loans (the  Second Lien Term Loans ). 

Included in our condensed consolidated balance
sheet at September 30, 2016 is $635.5 million of senior secured term loan debt (net of unamortized discounts of $17.5 million),
broken down by loan agreement as follows (in thousands): 

Our $117.5 million Revolving Credit Facility
had a $1.6 million aggregate principal amount outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance
with all covenants under our First Lien Credit Agreement and our Second Lien Credit Agreement. 

Details on the First Lien Credit Agreement and
the Second Lien Credit Agreement follow. 

Restatement Amendment and the First Lien
Credit Agreement  

On July 1, 2016,
we entered into the Restatement Amendment pursuant to which we amended and restated our then existing credit facilities on the
terms set forth in the First Lien Credit Agreement. As of the Restatement Effective Date, our first lien credit facilities consisted
of a Credit and Guaranty Agreement that we entered into on October 10, 2012 (the  Original First Lien Credit Agreement ),
as subsequently amended by a first amendment dated April 3, 2013 (the  2013 Amendment ), a second amendment dated March
25, 2014 (the  2014 Amendment ), and a joinder agreement dated April 30, 2015 (the  2015 Joinder  and collectively
with the Original First Lien Credit Agreement, the 2013 Amendment and the 2014 Amendment, the  Prior First Lien Credit Agreement ).
The First Lien Credit Agreement increased the aggregate principal amount of First Lien Term Loans to $485.0 million and increased
the Revolving Credit Facility to $117.5 million. Proceeds from the First Lien Credit Agreement were used to repay the previously
outstanding first lien loans under the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement, make a $12.0 million principal payment of the Second
Lien Term Loans, pay costs and expenses related to the First Lien Credit Agreement and provide approximately $10.0 million for
general corporate purposes. 

Interest.  The interest rates
payable on the First Lien Term Loans are (a) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) plus
3.75% per annum or (b) the Base Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 2.75% per annum. As applied to the First
Lien Term Loans, the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate has a minimum floor of 1.0%. The six month Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in
the First Lien Credit Agreement) at July 1, 2016, the day of the Restatement Amendment, was 0.92%. Prior to the Restatement Amendment,
the interest rates payable on first lien term loans under the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement were the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate
(as defined in the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 3.25% per annum or the Base Rate (as defined in the Prior First Lien
Credit Agreement) plus 2.25% per annum. 

Payments.  The scheduled quarterly
principal payments of the First Lien Term Loans is approximately $6.1 million, beginning in December 2016, with the balance due
at maturity. Prior to the Restatement Amendment, the quarterly principal payments on the first lien term loans under the Prior
First Lien Credit Agreement were approximately $6.2 million. 

Maturity Date.  The maturity
date for the First Lien Term Loans shall be on the earliest to occur of (i) the seventh anniversary of the Restatement Effective
Date, (ii) the date on which all First Lien Term Loans shall become due and payable in full under the First Lien Credit Agreement,
whether by acceleration or otherwise, and (iii) September 25, 2020 if our indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Agreement has
not been repaid, refinanced or extended prior to such date. 

Incremental
Feature:  Under the First Lien Credit Agreement, we can elect to request 1) an increase to the existing Revolving Credit Facility
and/or 2) additional First Lien Term Loans, provided that the aggregate amount of such increases or additions does not exceed (A)
an amount not in excess of $100.0 million  minus  any incremental loans requested under the similar provisions of the Second
Lien Credit Agreement or (B) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 3.50:1.00 after giving effect to such incremental
facilities, an uncapped amount, in each case subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the First Lien Credit Agreement.
Each lender approached to provide all or a portion of any incremental facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to
provide any incremental commitment or loan. 

Revolving Credit Facility:  The
First Lien Credit Agreement provides for a $117.5 million Revolving Credit Facility. The termination date of the Revolving Credit
Facility is the earliest to occur of: (i) July 1, 2021, (ii) the date the Revolving Credit Facility is permanently reduced to zero
pursuant to section 2.13(b) of the First Lien Credit Agreement, which addresses voluntary commitment reductions, (iii) the date
of the termination of the Revolving Credit Facility due to specific events of default pursuant to section 8.01 of the First Lien
Credit Agreement, and (iv) September 25, 2020 if our indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Agreement has not been repaid, refinanced
or extended prior to such date. Amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest based on types of borrowings
as follows: (i) unpaid principal on loans under the Revolving Credit Facility at the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the
First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 3.75% per annum or the Base Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 2.75% per
annum, (ii) letter of credit fees at 3.75% per annum and fronting fees for letters of credit at 0.25% per annum, in each case on
the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit issued under the First Lien Credit
Agreement, and (iii) commitment fee of 0.5% per annum on the unused revolver balance. 

Second Lien Credit Agreement : 

On March 25, 2014, we entered into
the Second Lien Credit Agreement to provide for, among other things, the borrowing of $180.0 million of Second Lien Term Loans.
The proceeds from the Second Lien Term Loans were used to redeem our 10 3/8% senior unsecured notes, due 2018, to pay the expenses
related to the transaction and for general corporate purposes. On July 1, 2016, in conjunction with the Restatement Amendment,
a $12.0 million principal payment was made on the Second Lien Term Loans. 

The Second Lien Credit Agreement provides
for the following: 

Interest.  The interest rates
payable on the Second Lien Term Loans are (a) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) plus
7.0% or (b) the Base Rate (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) plus 6.0%. The Adjusted Eurodollar Rate has a minimum
floor of 1.0% on the Second Lien Term Loans. The three month Adjusted Eurodollar Rate at September 30, 2016 was 0.85%. The rate
paid on the Second Lien Term Loan at September 30, 2016 was 8%. 

Payments.  There is no scheduled
amortization of the principal of the Second Lien Term Loans. Unless otherwise prepaid as a result of the occurrence of certain
mandatory prepayment events, all principal will be due and payable on the termination date described below. 

Termination.  The maturity
date for the Second Lien Term Loans is the earlier to occur of (i) March 25, 2021, and (ii) the date on which the Second Lien Term
Loans shall otherwise become due and payable in full under the Second Lien Credit Agreement, whether by voluntary prepayment per
section 2.13(a) of the Second Lien Credit Agreement or events of default per section 8.01 of the Second Lien Credit Agreement as
described below. 

NOTE 3   RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement
of cash flows and amends certain disclosure requirements. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after 15 December 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption
in an interim period. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
( ASU 2016-09 ),  Compensation Stock Compensation , (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting. ASU 2016-09 requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies, which arise due to differences between the measure of
compensation expense and the amount deductible for tax purposes, to be recorded directly through the statement of operations as
a component of income tax expense. Under current GAAP, these differences are generally recorded in additional paid-in capital and
thus have no impact on income. The change in treatment of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will also impact the computation
of diluted earnings per share, and the cash flows associated with those items will be classified as operating activities on the
statement of cash flows. The ASU will permit certain elective changes associated with stock compensation accounting. For example,
companies can elect to account for forfeitures of awards as they occur rather than projecting forfeitures in the accrual of compensation
expense. In addition, the ASU increases the proportion of shares an employer is permitted (though not required) to withhold on
behalf of an employee to satisfy the employee s income tax burden on a share-based award without causing the award to become
subject to liability accounting. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within
fiscal years) beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP
update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
( ASU 2016-02 ),  Leases,  (Topic 842): Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. ASU 2016-02
amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance
sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach
for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief.
The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after
December 15, 2018. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for all entities. We are currently evaluating the impact of the
GAAP update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
( ASU 2015-17 ),  Income Taxes  (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. ASU 2015-17 changes
the classification of deferred taxes to be a noncurrent asset or liability regardless of the classification of the related asset
or liability for financial reporting. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application
is permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update
on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
( ASU 2015-16 ),  Business Combinations,  (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.
ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business
combination. An entity will now recognize any adjustments in the reporting period in which the amounts are determined, calculated
as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. Disclosure is required for the portion of adjustments recorded
in current-period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods had they been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The update is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15,
2015. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The update has been adopted and
has had no material effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
( ASU 2014-15 ),  Presentation of Financial Statements  (Subtopic 205-40): Going Concern. In connection with preparing
financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If conditions or events raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, the entity should disclose information. The update is effective for the annual period ending after
December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The GAAP update is expected
to have minimal impact on our financial disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
( ASU 2014-09 ),  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the
goods or services. It also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The update was effective for fiscal
years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15, 2016, which has been extended to December
31, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

NOTE 4   EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Earnings per share is based upon the weighted
average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding, as follows (in thousands except share and per
share data): 

NOTE 5   ACQUISITIONS  

In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a
measurement period adjustment associated with our acquisition of DIG on October 1, 2015. This adjustment stemmed from the final
valuation report received from a third party valuation expert and amounted to a decrease to our intangible and fixed assets of
approximately $121,000. 

On July 1, 2016, we purchased for approximately
$320,000 an additional 10.8% interest in the Park West joint venture, a concern which was part of the Lenox Hill 2012 acquisition,
increasing our ownership percentage from 52.4% to 63.2%. The difference between the consideration paid and the fair value of the
non-controlling interest purchased was recorded as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital. 

In the second quarter of 2016, we recorded certain
measurement period adjustments associated with our acquisition of DIG on October 1, 2015. These adjustments were the result of
a preliminary valuation report received from a third party and resulted in an increase to fixed assets acquired by $1.2 million
and the recognition of an unfavorable lease contract liability of $1.0 million. The recognition of these adjustments also resulted
in related depreciation expense of $123,000 in the second quarter relating to the period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015
and $123,000 related to the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016. Also, amounts previously owed to DIG of $5.0 million
were reduced to $3.4 million on June 15, 2016 when we remitted a payment of $1.6 million to a payor on behalf of DIG. 

On March 1, 2016 we completed our acquisition
of certain assets of Advanced Radiological Imaging   Astoria P.C. consisting of two multi-modality imaging centers located
in Astoria, NY for cash consideration of $5.0 million. The facility provides MRI, PET/CT, Ultrasound and X-ray services. We have
made a preliminary fair value determination of the acquired assets and approximately $3.6 million of fixed assets, $47,000 of prepaid
assets, $100,000 covenant not to compete, and $1.3 million of goodwill were recorded. 

NOTE 6   INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES   

We have twelve unconsolidated joint ventures
with ownership interests ranging from 35% to 55%. These joint ventures represent partnerships with hospitals, health systems or
radiology practices and were formed for the purpose of owning and operating diagnostic imaging centers.  Professional
services at the joint venture diagnostic imaging centers are performed by contracted radiology practices or a radiology practice
that participates in the joint venture.  Our investment in these joint ventures is accounted for under the equity method,
since RadNet does not have a controlling financial interest in such ventures. 

Acquisition of new facilities   

On August 15, 2016 our
joint venture, Franklin Imaging, LLC, acquired a single multi-modality imaging center located in Rosedale, Maryland for cash consideration
of $1.0 million and the assumption of capital lease debt of $241,000. Franklin Imaging, LLC made a fair value determination of
the acquired assets and approximately $600,000 of fixed assets, $30,000 of other assets and goodwill of $648,000 was recorded in
respect to the transaction. 

Formation of new joint ventures   

On April 1, 2016, Community Imaging Partners
Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of RadNet, entered into a joint venture with Mt. Airy Health Services, LLC, a partnership of Frederick
Memorial Hospital and Carroll Hospital Center. On August 31, 2016, Community Imaging Partners Inc. contributed $200,000 for a 40%
economic interest in the partnership and funded an additional $440,000 in relation to a capital call. Mt. Airy Health Services,
LLC, contributed $300,000 for a 60% economic interest and an additional $660,000 in relation to the capital call. 

On May 9, 2016, RadNet, through a newly formed
subsidiary, Glendale Advanced Imaging LLC, entered into a joint venture with Dignity Health, a California nonprofit public benefit
corporation.  On June 1, 2016, RadNet contributed net assets of $2.2 million for a 55% economic interest and Dignity Health
contributed net assets of $1.8 million for a 45% economic interest. 

Joint Venture investment and financial information   

 The following table is a summary of our investment
in joint ventures during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

We earned management service fees from the centers
underlying these joint ventures of approximately $2.9 million and $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $8.7 million and $6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. At the
end of the period we eliminate from total fees recorded the uncollected portion of these fees that are associated with our ownership
interests and offset this with an increase to our equity earnings. 

The following table is a summary of key financial
data for these joint ventures as of September 30, 2016 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

NOTE 7   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

Stock Incentive Plans  

Options   

We have one long-term equity incentive plan,
the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, which we amended and restated as of April 20, 2015 (the  Restated Plan ). The Restated
Plan was approved by our stockholders at our annual stockholders meeting on June 11, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, we have reserved
for issuance under the Restated Plan 12,000,000 shares of common stock. We can issue options, stock awards, stock appreciation
rights and cash awards under the Restated Plan. Certain options granted under the Restated Plan to employees are intended to qualify
as incentive stock options under existing tax regulations. Stock options generally vest over two to five years and expire five
to ten years from the date of grant. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding
options to acquire 375,626 shares of our common stock, of which options to acquire 191,667 shares were exercisable. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we granted additional options under our Restated Plan conferring the right to acquire
170,626 shares of common stock. 

The following summarizes all of our option transactions
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Aggregate intrinsic value in the table above
represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between our closing stock price on September 30, 2016 and the exercise
price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the holder had all holders exercised
their options on September 30, 2016. Total intrinsic value of options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was approximately $1.7 million and $6.1 million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested employee option awards was approximately $477,000, which is expected to
be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 3.2 years. 

Restricted Stock Awards ( RSA s )   

The Restated Plan permits the award of restricted
stock. As of September 30, 2016, we have issued a total of 4,256,511 RSA s, of which 568,145 were unvested. 

The following summarizes the activity related
to all unvested RSA s during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

We determine the fair value
of all RSA s based on the closing price of our common stock on the award date. 

Other stock bonus awards    

The Restated Plan also permits the award of
stock bonuses not subject to any future service period. These awards are valued and expensed based on the closing price of our
common stock on the date of award. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, stock bonus awards issued under the Restated
Plan amounted to 35,000 shares of common stock with an intrinsic value of approximately $246,000. 

Restated Plan Summary   

In sum, of the 12,000,000 shares of common stock
reserved for issuance under the Restated Plan, at September 30, 2016, we had issued 12,060,887 total shares between options, RSA s
and other stock awards. With options cancelled and RSA s forfeited amounting to 2,975,009 and 59,053 shares, respectively,
there remain 2,973,175 shares available under the Restated Plan for future issuance. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan   

On May 5, 2016, RadNet, Inc. adopted a Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Plan that is intended to provide nonqualified deferred compensation for selected participants. As part of
the plan, selected participants may defer stock units granted. 

NOTE 8   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   Assets and liabilities
subject to fair value measurements are required to be disclosed within a fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the
quality and reliability of inputs used to determine fair value. Accordingly, assets and liabilities carried at, or permitted to
be carried at, fair value are classified within the fair value hierarchy in one of the following categories based on the lowest
level input that is significant to a fair value measurement: 

Level 1 Fair value is determined
by using unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2 Fair value is determined
by using inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices that are directly or indirectly observable. Inputs can include quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets.
Related inputs can also include those used in valuation or other pricing models such as interest rates and yield curves that can
be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 Fair value is determined
by using inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. Use of these inputs involves significant and subjective
judgment. 

The table below summarizes the estimated fair
value of our long-term debt as follows (in thousands): 

The carrying value of our Revolving Credit Facility
at September 30, 2016 was $1.6 million, which approximated its fair value. There was no balance outstanding under the Revolving
Credit Facility at December 31, 2015. 

We consider the carrying amounts of cash and
cash equivalents, receivables, other current assets and current liabilities to approximate their fair value because of the relatively
short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization or payment. Additionally, we consider
the carrying amount of our capital lease obligations to approximate their fair value because the weighted average interest rate
used to formulate the carrying amounts approximates current market rates. 

ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other
financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Forward-Looking Statements   

This report contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act )
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations
about future events and are based on currently available financial, economic and competitive data and on current business plans. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   intend, 
 plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential, 
 continue,   assumption  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Statements in
this quarterly report concerning our ability to successfully acquire and integrate new operations, to grow our contract management
business, our financial guidance, our future cost saving efforts, our increased business from new equipment or operations and our
ability to finance our operations and repay our outstanding indebtedness, are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and our actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors included in  Risk Factors, 
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended or supplemented by the information in
Part II   Item 1A below. You should consider the inherent limitations on, and risks associated with, forward-looking statements
and not unduly rely on the accuracy of predictions contained in such forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date when they are made. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except
as required by law. 

Overview  

We are a national provider of freestanding,
fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging services. At September 30, 2016, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures
with hospitals, 306 centers located in California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island. Our
centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders. Our services
include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography,
ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality
imaging services. Our multi-modality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides
patients and referring physicians one location for multiple procedures. Our operations comprise a single segment for financial
reporting purposes. 

We seek to develop leading positions in regional
markets in order to leverage operational efficiencies. Our scale and density within selected geographies provides close, long-term
relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians. Each of our facility managers is responsible for managing
relationships with local physicians and payors, meeting our standards of patient service and maintaining profitability. We provide
corporate training programs, standardized policies and procedures and sharing of best practices among the physicians in our regional
networks. 

We derive substantially all of our revenue,
directly or indirectly, from fees charged for the diagnostic imaging services performed at our facilities. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we performed 4,589,685 and 4,183,494 diagnostic imaging procedures, respectively, and generated
total net revenue of $659.6 million and $593.9 million, respectively. 

The consolidated financial statements in this
report include the accounts of Radnet Management, Inc. (or  Radnet Management ) and Beverly Radiology Medical Group
III, a professional partnership ( BRMG ). BRMG is a partnership of ProNet Imaging Medical Group, Inc., Breastlink Medical
Group, Inc. and Beverly Radiology Medical Group, Inc. The consolidated financial statements also include Radnet Management I, Inc.,
Radnet Management II, Inc., Radiologix, Inc., Radnet Managed Imaging Services, Inc., Delaware Imaging Partners, Inc., New Jersey
Imaging Partners, Inc. and Diagnostic Imaging Services, Inc. ( DIS ), all wholly owned subsidiaries of Radnet Management.
All of these affiliated entities are referred to collectively as  RadNet ,  we ,  us ,  our 
or the  Company  in this report. 

Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
810-10-15-14,  Consolidation , stipulates that generally any entity with a) insufficient equity to finance its activities
without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, or b) equity holders that, as a group, lack the characteristics
specified in the ASC which evidence a controlling financial interest, is considered a Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ).
We consolidate all VIEs in which we are the primary beneficiary. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE through
a qualitative analysis that identifies which variable interest holder has the controlling financial interest in the VIE. The variable
interest holder who has both of the following has the controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary: (1) the power
to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation
to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In performing
our analysis, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including: the design and activities of the VIE, the terms of the
contracts the VIE has entered into, the nature of the VIE s variable interests issued and how they were negotiated with or
marketed to potential investors, and which parties participated significantly in the design or redesign of the entity. 

Howard G. Berger, M.D., is our President and
Chief Executive Officer, a member of our Board of Directors, and also owns, indirectly, 99% of the equity interests in BRMG. BRMG
is responsible for all of the professional medical services at nearly all of our facilities located in California under a management
agreement with us, and employs physicians or contracts with various other independent physicians and physician groups to provide
the professional medical services at most of our California facilities. We generally obtain professional medical services from
BRMG in California, rather than provide such services directly or through subsidiaries, in order to comply with California s
prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine. However, as a result of our close relationship with Dr. Berger and BRMG,
we believe that we are able to better ensure that medical service is provided at our California facilities in a manner consistent
with our needs and expectations and those of our referring physicians, patients and payors than if we obtained these services from
unaffiliated physician groups.  

We contract with nine medical groups which provide
professional medical services at all of our facilities in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York. These contracts are similar to our
contract with BRMG. Six of these groups are owned by John V. Crues, III, M.D., RadNet s Medical Director, a member of our
Board of Directors, and a 1% owner of BRMG. Dr. Berger owns a controlling interest in two of these medical groups which provide
professional medical services at one of our Manhattan facilities.  

RadNet provides non-medical, technical and administrative
services to BRMG and the nine medical groups mentioned above ( NY Groups ) for which it receives a management fee,
pursuant to the related management agreements. Through the management agreements we have exclusive authority over all non-medical
decision making related to the ongoing business operations of BRMG and the NY Groups and we determine the annual budget of BRMG
and the NY Groups. BRMG and the NY Groups both have insignificant operating assets and liabilities, and de minimis equity. Through
management agreements with us, substantially all cash flows of BRMG and the NY Groups after expenses including professional salaries,
are transferred to us. 

We have determined that BRMG and the NY Groups
are VIEs, and that we are the primary beneficiary, and consequently, we consolidate the revenue and expenses, assets and liabilities
of each. BRMG and the NY Groups on a combined basis recognized $34.2 million and $29.4 million of revenue, net of management service
fees to RadNet, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $34.2 million and $29.4 million of operating
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. RadNet, Inc. recognized in its condensed consolidated
statement of operations $147.3 million and $106.7 million of total billed net service fee revenue relating to these VIEs for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $113.1 million and $77.3 million was for management services
provided to these VIEs relating primarily to the technical portion of total billed net service fee revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, the VIEs recognized $101.2 million and $83.1 million of revenue, net of management services fees to RadNet,
respectively, and $101.2 million and $83.1 million of operating expenses. RadNet, Inc. recognized in its condensed consolidated
statement of operations $422.2 million and $320.6 million of total billed net service fee revenue relating to these VIEs for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $321.1 million and $237.5 million was for management services
provided to these VIEs relating primarily to the technical portion of total billed net service fee revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The cash flows of BRMG and the NY Groups are
included in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. In our consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have included approximately
$104.7 million and $89.8 million, respectively, of accounts receivable and approximately $8.7 million and $8.5 million of accounts
payable and accrued liabilities related to BRMG and the NY Groups, respectively. 

The creditors of BRMG and the NY Groups do not
have recourse to our general credit and there are no other arrangements that could expose us to losses on behalf of BRMG and the
NY Groups. However, RadNet may be required to provide financial support to cover any operating expenses in excess of operating
revenues. 

At all of our centers we have entered into long-term
contracts with radiology groups in the area to provide physician services at those facilities. These radiology practices provide
professional services, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures, in our diagnostic imaging centers.
The radiology practices maintain full control over the provision of professional services. In these facilities we enter into long-term
agreements with radiology practice groups (typically 40 years). Under these arrangements, in addition to obtaining technical fees
for the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and the provision of technical services, we provide management services and receive
a fee based on the value of the services we provide. Except in New York City, the fee is based on the practice group s
professional revenue, including revenue derived outside of our diagnostic imaging centers. In New York City we are paid a
fixed fee set in advance for our services. We own the diagnostic imaging equipment and, therefore, receive 100% of the technical
reimbursements associated with imaging procedures. The radiology practice groups retain the professional reimbursements associated
with imaging procedures after deducting management service fees paid to us. We have no financial controlling interest in
the radiology practices; accordingly, we do not consolidate the financial statements of those practices in our consolidated financial
statements. Because of the controlling relationship of Dr Berger and Dr Crues in the California and New York City practices we
consolidate that income. 

We typically experience some seasonality to
our business. During the first quarter of each year we generally experience the lowest volumes of procedures and the lowest level
of revenue for any quarter during the year. This is primarily the result of two factors. First, our volumes and revenue are
typically impacted by winter weather conditions in our northeastern operations. It is common for snowstorms and other inclement
weather to result in patient appointment cancellations and, in some cases, imaging center closures. Second, in recent years, we
have observed greater participation in high deductible health plans by patients. As these high deductibles reset in January
for most of these patients, we have observed that patients utilize medical services less during the first quarter, when securing
medical care will result in significant out-of-pocket expenditures. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The Securities and Exchange Commission
defines critical accounting estimates as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a company s financial
condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, often as a
result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent
periods. In Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, as amended, we discuss our significant accounting policies, including those that do not require management
to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. The most significant areas involving management s
judgments and estimates are described below. 

Use of Estimates   

Our discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements that were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Management makes estimates and assumptions when preparing financial statements.
These estimates and assumptions affect various matters, including: 

our reported amounts of assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at the dates of the financial statements;   

our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements; and   

our reported amounts of net revenue and expenses in our consolidated statements of operations during the reporting periods.   

These estimates involve judgments with respect
to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management s control. As a result, actual amounts could
differ materially from these estimates. 

During the period covered in this report,
there were no material changes to the critical accounting estimates we use, and have described in our annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as amended. 

Revenues   

Service fee revenue, net of contractual allowances
and discounts, consists of net patient fees received from various payors and patients themselves based mainly upon established
contractual billing rates, less allowances for contractual adjustments and discounts. As it relates to BRMG and the NY Groups centers,
this service fee revenue includes payments for both the professional medical interpretation revenue recognized by BRMG and the
NY Groups as well as the payment for all other aspects related to our providing the imaging services, for which we earn management
fees from BRMG and the NY Groups. As it relates to non-BRMG and NY Groups centers, namely the affiliated physician groups, this
service fee revenue is earned through providing the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and the provision of technical services
as well as providing administration services such as clerical and administrative personnel, bookkeeping and accounting services,
billing and collection, provision of medical and office supplies, secretarial, reception and transcription services, maintenance
of medical records, and advertising, marketing and promotional activities.  

Service fee revenues are recorded during the
period the services are provided based upon the estimated amounts due from the patients and third-party payors. Third-party payors
include federal and state agencies (under the Medicare and Medicaid programs), managed care health plans, commercial insurance
companies and employers. Estimates of contractual allowances are based on historical collection rates of payor reimbursement contract
agreements. 

Under capitation arrangements with various health
plans, we earn a per-enrollee amount each month for making available diagnostic imaging services to all plan enrollees under the
capitation arrangement. Revenue under capitation arrangements is recognized in the period in which we are obligated to provide
services to plan enrollees under contracts with various health plans. 

Our service fee revenue, net of contractual
allowances and discounts, the provision for bad debts, and revenue under capitation arrangements are summarized in the following
table (in thousands) : 

Provision for Bad Debts    

We provide for an allowance against accounts
receivable that could become uncollectible to reduce the carrying value of such receivables to their estimated net realizable value.
We estimate this allowance based on the aging of our accounts receivable by the historical payment patterns of each type of payor,
write-off trends, and other relevant factors. A significant portion of our provision for bad debt relates to co-payments and deductibles
owed to us from patients with insurance. Although we attempt to collect deductibles and co-payments due from patients with insurance
at the time of service, this attempt to collect at the time of service is not an assessment of the patient s ability to pay
nor are revenues recognized based on an assessment of the patient s ability to pay. There are various factors that can impact
collection trends, such as changes in the economy, which in turn have an impact on the increased burden of co-payments and deductibles
to be made by patients with insurance. These factors continuously change and can have an impact on collection trends and our estimation
process.  

Accounts Receivable   

Substantially all of our accounts
receivable are due under fee-for-service contracts from third party payors, such as insurance companies and
government-sponsored healthcare programs, or directly from patients. Services are generally provided pursuant to one-year
contracts with healthcare providers. Receivables generally are collected within industry norms for third-party
payors. We continuously monitor collections from our payors and maintain an allowance for bad debts based upon specific
payor collection issues that we have identified and our historical experience. 

Depreciation and Amortization of Long-Lived Assets   

We depreciate our long-lived assets over their
estimated economic useful lives with the exception of leasehold improvements where we use the shorter of the assets  useful
lives or the lease term of the facility for which these assets are associated. 

Deferred Tax Assets   

Income tax expense is computed using an asset
and liability method and using expected annual effective tax rates. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities
result from temporary differences in the financial reporting bases and the income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities.
The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefit that, based on available evidence,
is not expected to be realized. When it appears more likely than not that deferred taxes will not be realized, a valuation allowance
is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset to its estimated realizable value. For net deferred tax assets we consider estimates
of future taxable income, including tax planning strategies, in determining whether our net deferred tax assets are more likely
than not to be realized. 

Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangibles   

Goodwill at September 30, 2016 totaled $240.6
million. Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets at September 30, 2016 totaled $7.9 million and are associated with the value of certain
trade name intangibles. Goodwill and trade name intangibles are recorded as a result of business combinations. Management evaluates
goodwill and trade name intangibles, at a minimum, on an annual basis and whenever events and changes in circumstances suggest
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment of goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level by comparing the
reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value of a reporting
unit is estimated using a combination of the income or discounted cash flows approach and the market approach, which uses comparable
market data. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and a second
step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. Impairment of trade name intangibles is tested at the subsidiary
level by comparing the subsidiary s trade name carrying amount to its respective fair value. We tested both goodwill and
trade name intangibles for impairment on October 1, 2015, noting no impairment, and have not identified any indicators of
impairment through September 30, 2016. 

Long-Lived Assets   

We evaluate our long-lived assets (property
and equipment) and intangibles, other than goodwill, for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. The accounting standards
require that if the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows from a long-lived asset or definite-lived intangible is
less than the carrying value of that asset, an asset impairment charge must be recognized. The amount of the impairment charge
is calculated as the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value, which generally represents the discounted
future cash flows from that asset or in the case of assets we expect to sell, at fair value less costs to sell. No indicators of
impairment were identified with respect to our long-lived assets as of September 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Standards  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09 ( ASU 2016-09 ),  Compensation Stock
Compensation , (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 requires excess tax benefits
and tax deficiencies, which arise due to differences between the measure of compensation expense and the amount deductible for
tax purposes, to be recorded directly through the statement of operations as a component of income tax expense. Under current GAAP,
these differences are generally recorded in additional paid-in capital and thus have no impact on income. The change in treatment
of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will also impact the computation of diluted earnings per share, and the cash flows
associated with those items will be classified as operating activities on the statement of cash flows. The ASU will permit certain
elective changes associated with stock compensation accounting. For example, companies can elect to account for forfeitures of
awards as they occur rather than projecting forfeitures in the accrual of compensation expense. In addition, the ASU increases
the proportion of shares an employer is permitted (though not required) to withhold on behalf of an employee to satisfy the employee s
income tax burden on a share-based award without causing the award to become subject to liability accounting. The amendments in
this update are effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15, 2016,
with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update on our results of operations and cash
flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
( ASU 2016-02 ),  Leases,  (Topic 842): Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. ASU 2016-02
amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance
sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach
for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief.
The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after
December 15, 2018. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for all entities. We are currently evaluating the impact of the
GAAP update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
( ASU 2015-17 ),  Income Taxes  (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. ASU 2015-17 changes
the classification of deferred taxes to be a noncurrent asset or liability regardless of the classification of the related asset
or liability for financial reporting. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application
is permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update
on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
( ASU 2015-16 ),  Business Combinations,  (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.
ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business
combination. An entity will now recognize any adjustments in the reporting period in which the amounts are determined, calculated
as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. Disclosure is required for the portion of adjustments recorded
in current-period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods had they been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The update is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15,
2015. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The update has been adopted and
has had no material effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
( ASU 2014-15 ),  Presentation of Financial Statements  (Subtopic 205-40): Going Concern. In connection with preparing
financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If conditions or events raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, the entity should disclose information. The update is effective for the annual period ending after
December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The impact of the GAAP
update is expected to have minimal impact on our financial disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
( ASU 2014-09 ),  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the
goods or services. It also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The update was effective for fiscal
years (and interim reporting periods within fiscal years) beginning after December 15, 2016, which has recently been extended to
December 31, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the GAAP update on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Industry Updates  

On April 16, 2015, the President signed into
law the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act ( H.R. 2 ), which provides for sweeping changes to how Medicare
pays physicians, as well as averts the 21% reduction to Medicare payments under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule that was scheduled
to take effect on April 1, 2016. H.R. 2, among other things, repealed the Sustainable Growth Rate ( SGR ) formula enacted
in 1997 and freezes payment rates at their current levels until rates increase by 0.5% for services furnished during the last 6
months of calendar year 2015. For services paid under the physician fee schedule and furnished during calendar years 2016 through
2019, Medicare s payment rates will increase by 0.5% per year. Fees will remain at the 2019 level through 2025, but high
performing providers participating in alternative payment models will have the opportunity for additional payments. Such additional
payments will be based upon quality, resource use, clinical practice improvement activities and meaningful use of electronic health
record technology. 

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the percentage that certain items in the statements of operations bears to revenue, net of contractual allowances and
discounts and inclusive of revenue under capitation contracts. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Service Fee Revenue   

Service fee revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $208.4 million compared to $192.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
$15.5 million, or 8.1%. 

Provision for Bad Debts   

Provision for bad debts increased $1.8 million,
or 19.3%, to approximately $11.3 million, or 5.4% of service fee revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $9.4 million, or 4.9% of service fee revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Service Fee Revenue   

Total net service fee revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $197.2 million compared to $183.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an
increase of $13.7 million or 7.5%. 

Total net service fee revenue, including only
those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015 had an increase of $487,000, or 0.3%,
This comparison excludes revenue contributions from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the
three months ended September 30, 2016, net service fee revenue from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1,
2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $24.4 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net service fee revenue
from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $11.2 million. 

Revenue Under Capitation Arrangements   

Revenue under capitation arrangements for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $27.4 million compared to $24.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $2.6 million or 10.3%. 

Revenue under capitation arrangements, including
only those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015 had an increase of $350,000, or
1.4%. This comparison excludes revenue contributions from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, revenue under capitation arrangements from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent
to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $2.2 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, revenue
under capitation arrangements from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above
comparison was $0. 

Operating Expenses   

Cost of operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased approximately $17.1 million, or 9.8%, from $175.6 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015 to $192.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The following table sets forth our cost of operations and
total operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

*      Includes
billing fees, office supplies, repairs and maintenance, insurance, business tax and license, outside services, utilities, marketing,
travel and other expenses. 

Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based
compensation and severance   

Salaries and professional reading fees increased
$5.1 million, or 5.4%, to $100.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $95.1 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Salaries and professional reading fees, when
including only those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015, decreased $651,000, or
0.7%. This comparison excludes expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, salaries and professional reading fees from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July
1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $9.2 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, salaries and professional
reading fees from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was
$3.4 million. 

Stock-based compensation  

Stock-based compensation increased $251,000,
or 27.7%, to approximately $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $906,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. This increase was driven by stock bonus awards granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016.
See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein. 

Building and equipment rental  

Building and equipment rental expenses decreased
$518,000 or 2.9%, to $17.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $18.1 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Building and equipment rental expenses, limited
to only those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015, decreased $1.4 million, or 8.2%
as a result of negotiating favorable lease terms at existing sites. This comparison excludes expenses from centers that were acquired
or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, building and equipment rental expenses from
centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $2.1 million. For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, building and equipment rental expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent
to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $1.2 million. 

Medical supplies  

Medical supplies expense increased $2.4 million,
or 22%, to $13.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.8 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Medical supplies expenses, including only
those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $1.2 million, or 11.7%
due to reduced rebates received from vendors in the current quarter over the same period in 2015. This comparison excludes
expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the three months ended September 30,
2016, medical supplies expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the
above comparison was $1.7 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, medical supplies expenses from centers that
were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $451,000. 

Other operating expenses  

Other operating expenses increased $9.9 million,
or 19.6%, to $60.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $50.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Other operating expenses, limited only those
centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $4.0 million, or 8.4%. This 8.4%
increase primarily relates to increased insurance, contract labor, temporary services and legal fees. This comparison excludes
expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
other operating expense from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison
was $8.7 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, other operating expenses from centers that were acquired or divested
subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $2.8 million. 

Depreciation and amortization  

Depreciation and amortization increased $2.7
million, or 18.6%, to $17.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $14.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Depreciation and amortization, including only
those centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $422,000, or 3.0%. This comparison
excludes expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, depreciation expense from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above
comparison was $2.7 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, depreciation expense from centers that were acquired
or divested subsequent to July 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $407,000. 

Gain on sale and disposal of equipment  

We recorded a gain on sale of equipment of approximately
$66,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a loss on disposal of equipment of approximately $738,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Severance Costs  

 We incurred severance expenses of $2.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to the integration of acquisitions in the state of New York. We incurred
$167,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased approximately $858,000, or 8.1%, to $11.4 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 included $1.6 million of combined non-cash amortization of deferred loan costs, discount on issuance of
debt, write-off of deferred loan costs due to refinancing and other non-cash items. Interest expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 included $1.4 million of combined non-cash amortization of deferred loan costs of $709,000, discount on
issuance of debt and other non-cash items. Excluding these non-cash amounts for each period, interest expense increased
approximately $652,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was primarily due to interest on the Restated Amendment and First Lien Credit Agreement. See  Liquidity
and Capital Resources  below for more details on our credit facilities. 

Equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures   

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
we recognized equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures of $2.6 million against $2.0 million earned over the same period
ended September 30, 2015, a 29.3% increase. This increase relates mainly to equity in earnings stemming from the September 30,
2015 sale of 10 wholly owned centers from our subsidiary New Jersey Imaging Partners to New Jersey Imaging Networks, a joint venture
where we hold a 49% non-controlling interest. 

Gain on Sale of Imaging Center    

We recognized a gain on the sale of 10 wholly
owned imaging centers to the New Jersey Imaging Networks in the amount of $4.8 million for the three months ending September 30,
2015. 

Provision for income taxes   

We had an income tax expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $1.5 million or 42.3% of income before income taxes, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015 with an income tax expense of $5.2 million or 38.5% of the income before income taxes. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Service Fee Revenue   

Service fee revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $613.0 million compared to $546.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $66.7
million, or 12.2%.  

Provision for Bad Debts   

Provision for bad debts increased $8.6 million,
or 34.0%, to approximately $33.9 million, or 5.5% of service fee revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $25.3 million, or 4.6% of service fee revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Service Fee Revenue   

Net Service Fee Revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $579.1 million compared to $521.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase
of $58.1 million or 11.1%. 

Net Service Fee Revenue, including only those
centers which were in operation throughout the third quarters of both 2016 and 2015 had an increase of $13.1 million, or 2.8%,
as a result of increased procedure volumes for high reimbursement modalities and higher management fee revenue. This comparison
excludes revenue contributions from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, net service fee revenue from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded
from the above comparison was $92.7 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net service fee revenue from centers
that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $47.7 million. 

Revenue Under Capitation Arrangements   

Revenue under capitation arrangements for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $80.4 million compared to $72.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $7.6 million or 10.4%. 

Revenue under capitation arrangements, including
only those centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015 increased $1.0, or 1.4%. This
comparison excludes revenue contributions from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, revenue under capitation arrangements from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to
January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $7.1 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, capitation
revenue from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $487,000. 

Operating Expenses   

Cost of operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased approximately $63.3 million, or 12.2%, from $520.3 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 to $583.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The following table sets forth our cost of operations and
total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

*      Includes
billing fees, office supplies, repairs and maintenance, insurance, business tax and license, outside services, utilities, marketing,
travel and other expenses. 

Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based
compensation and severance   

Salaries and professional reading fees increased
$27.6 million, or 9.8%, to $308.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $280.6 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Salaries and professional reading fees, including
only those centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $4.7 million or
1.8%. This comparison excludes expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, salaries and professional reading fees from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent
to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $38.5 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, salaries
and professional reading fees from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above
comparison was approximately $15.6 million. 

Stock-based compensation  

Stock-based compensation decreased $1.6 million,
or 24.1%, to approximately $4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.5 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was driven by the lower fair value of RSA s awarded and vested in the first nine
months of 2016 as compared to RSA s awarded and vested in the same period in 2015. 

Building and equipment rental  

Building and equipment rental expenses increased
$3.4 million or 6.5%, to $56.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $52.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Building and equipment rental expenses, including
only those centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015, decreased $1.9 million, or
4.0%, mainly due to favorable lease negotiations at existing facilities. This comparison excludes expenses from centers that were
acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, building and equipment rental
expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $10.7
million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, building and equipment rental expenses from centers that were acquired or
divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was approximately $5.4 million. 

Medical supplies  

Medical supplies expense increased $4.7 million,
or 13.8%, to $38.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $33.9 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Medical supplies expenses, including only those
centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $1.1 million, or 3.5%. This
comparison excludes expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, medical supplies expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded
from the above comparison was $5.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, medical supplies expense from centers
that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $2.2 million. 

Other operating expenses  

Other operating expenses increased $29.2 million,
or 20.0%, to $175.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $146.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Other operating expenses, including only those
centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $7.6 million, or 5.8%. This
5.8% increase was primarily related to insurance, temporary labor and legal expenses. This comparison excludes expenses from centers
that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, other operating expense
from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $36.6 million.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, other operating expense from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to
January 1, 2015 was $15.0 million. 

Depreciation and amortization  

Depreciation and amortization increased $5.7
million, or 13.0%, to $49.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $43.8 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Depreciation and amortization, including only
those centers which were in operation throughout the first three quarters of both 2016 and 2015, increased $734,000, or 1.8% . 
This comparison excludes expenses from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, depreciation expense from centers that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded
from the above comparison was $8.3 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, depreciation and amortization from centers
that were acquired or divested subsequent to January 1, 2015 and excluded from the above comparison was $3.3 million. 

Loss on sale and disposal of equipment  

We recorded a loss on sale of equipment of approximately
$375,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and approximately $774,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased approximately $1.9 million, or 6.0%, to $32.8 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $31.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 included $4.3 million of combined non-cash amortization of deferred loan costs, discount on issuance of
debt, write-off of deferred financing costs due to refinancing  of $709,000 and other non-cash interest. Interest expense for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $4.1 million of non-cash amortization of deferred loan costs, discount on
issuance of debt and other non-cash interest. Excluding these non-cash amounts for each period, interest expense increased
approximately $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was primarily due to interest on the Restated Amendment and First Lien Credit Agreement. See  Liquidity
and Capital Resources  below for more details on our credit facilities. See  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  below for more details on our outstanding credit facilities. 

Meaningful use incentive   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, we recognized other income from meaningful use incentive in the amount of $2.8 million and $3.3 million,
respectively. These amounts were earned under a Medicare program to promote the use of electronic health record technology. See
Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein for more detail regarding this meaningful use incentive. 

Equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
we recognized equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures of $8.1 million versus $6.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.8 million or 6.0%. The 6% increase relates mainly to equity in earnings stemming from the
September 30, 2015 sale of 10 wholly owned centers from our subsidiary New Jersey Imaging Partners to New Jersey Imaging Networks,
a joint venture where we hold a 49% non-controlling interest. 

Gain on Sale of Imaging Center    

We recognized a gain on the sale of 10 wholly
owned imaging centers to the New Jersey Imaging Networks in the amount of $4.8 million for the nine months ending September 30,
2015. 

Gain from return of common stock   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we recorded a gain on return of common stock of $5.0 million. For more details, please see Note 2 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements included in this report. 

Provision for income taxes   

We had a tax provision
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $2.5 million or 39.1% of income before income taxes, compared to a tax provision
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $4.3 million or 36.8% of income before income taxes. 

Adjusted EBITDA   

We use both GAAP and non-GAAP metrics to measure
our financial results. One non-GAAP measure we believe assists us is Adjusted EBITDA. We believe that, in addition to GAAP metrics,
Adjusted EBITDA assists us in measuring our cash generated from operations and ability to service our debt obligations. We believe
this information is useful to investors and other interested parties because we are highly leveraged and our non-GAAP metrics remove
non-cash and certain other charges that occur in the affected period and provide a basis for measuring the Company's cash generated
from operations against other quarters. 

We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, each from continuing operations and exclude losses or gains on the disposal of
equipment, other income or loss, loss on debt extinguishments, bargain purchase gains and non-cash equity compensation. Adjusted
EBITDA includes equity earnings in unconsolidated operations and subtracts allocations of earnings to non-controlling interests
in subsidiaries, and is adjusted for non-cash or extraordinary and one-time events taking place during the period. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure
used as an analytical indicator by us and the healthcare industry to assess business performance, and is a measure of leverage
capacity and ability to service debt. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of financial performance under GAAP,
and the items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to net income, cash flows
generated by operating, investing or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in the consolidated financial
statements as an indicator of financial performance or liquidity. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not determined in accordance with
GAAP, this metric, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 

Adjusted EBITDA is most comparable to the GAAP
financial measure, net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders. The following is a reconciliation of GAAP
net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We had cash and cash equivalents of $358,000
and accounts receivable of $183.2 million at September 30, 2016, compared to cash and cash equivalents of $446,000 and accounts
receivable of $162.8 million at December 31, 2015. We had a working capital balance of $85.1 million and $72.4 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We had net income attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $1.6 million and $8.0 million, respectively. We had net income attributable to RadNet,
Inc. common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $3.5 million and $6.8 million, respectively.
We also had stockholders  equity of $36.7 million and $32.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

We operate in a capital intensive, high fixed-cost
industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations. In addition to operations, we require a significant amount
of capital for the initial start-up and development of new diagnostic imaging facilities, the acquisition of additional facilities
and new diagnostic imaging equipment.  Because our cash flows from operations have been insufficient to fund all of these
capital requirements, we have depended on the availability of financing under credit arrangements with third parties. 

Based on our current level of operations, we
believe that cash flow from operations and available cash, together with available borrowings from our credit facilities, will
be adequate to meet our liquidity needs. Our future liquidity requirements will be for working capital, capital expenditures, debt
service and general corporate purposes. Our ability to meet our working capital and debt service requirements, however, is subject
to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we are not
able to meet such requirements, we may be required to seek additional financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to obtain financing from other sources on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

On a continuing basis, we also consider various
transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures.
These types of transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments but the general timing, size or success of any acquisition,
divestiture or joint venture effort and the related potential capital commitments cannot be predicted. We expect to fund any future
acquisitions primarily with cash flow from operations and borrowings, including borrowing from amounts available under our credit
facilities or through new equity or debt issuances. 

We and our subsidiaries or affiliates may from
time to time, in our or their sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt or equity securities
in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. 

Sources and Uses of Cash    

Cash provided by operating activities was $54.7
million and $40.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Cash used in investing activities was $59.0
million and $43.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we purchased property and equipment for approximately $52.1 million and acquired imaging facilities for $5.0 million. 

Cash provided by financing activities was $4.2
million and $39.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The cash used in financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was primarily due to amounts received from borrowings under our Revolving
Credit Facility and proceeds received from our refinancing activity, offset by principal payments on first lien term loans under
the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement, Second Lien Term Loans, equipment notes and capital leases. (See Note 2 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements herein). 

Credit Facilities    

At September 30, 2016, our credit facilities
were comprised of two tranches of term loans and a revolving credit facility. On July 1, 2016 (the  Restatement Effective
Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 3 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the  Restatement Amendment ) pursuant
to which we amended and restated our then existing credit facilities on the terms set forth in the Amended and Restated First Lien
Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated July 1, 2016 (as amended from time to time, the  First Lien Credit Agreement ).
Pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, we have issued $485 million of senior secured term loans (the  First Lien Term
Loans ) and established a $117.5 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ).
We have also entered into a Second Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated March 25, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the  Second
Lien Credit Agreement ) pursuant to which we issued $180 million of secured term loans (the  Second Lien Term Loans ). 

Included in our condensed
consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 is $635.5 million of senior secured term loan debt (net of unamortized discounts
of $17.5 million), broken down by loan agreement as follows (in thousands): 

Our $117.5 million Revolving Credit Facility
had a $1.6 million aggregate principal amount outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance
with all covenants under our First Lien Credit Agreement and our Second Lien Credit Agreement. 

Details on the First Lien Credit Agreement and
the Second Lien Credit Agreement follow. 

Restatement Amendment and the First Lien
Credit Agreement  

On July 1, 2016, we entered into the
Restatement Amendment pursuant to which we amended and restated our then existing credit facilities on the terms set forth in the
First Lien Credit Agreement. As of the Restatement Effective Date, our first lien credit facilities consisted of a Credit and Guaranty
Agreement that we entered into on October 10, 2012 (the  Original First Lien Credit Agreement ), as subsequently amended
by a first amendment dated April 3, 2013 (the  2013 Amendment ), a second amendment dated March 25, 2014 (the  2014
Amendment ), and a joinder agreement dated April 30, 2015 (the  2015 Joinder  and collectively with the Original
First Lien Credit Agreement, the 2013 Amendment and the 2014 Amendment, the  Prior First Lien Credit Agreement ). The
First Lien Credit Agreement increased the aggregate principal amount of First Lien Term Loans to $485.0 million and increased the
Revolving Credit Facility to $117.5 million. Proceeds from the First Lien Credit Agreement were used to repay the previously outstanding
first lien loans under the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement, make a $12.0 million principal payment of the Second Lien Term Loans,
pay costs and expenses related to the First Lien Credit Agreement and provide approximately $10.0 million for general corporate
purposes. 

Interest.  The interest
rates payable on the First Lien Term Loans are (a) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement)
plus 3.75% per annum or (b) the Base Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 2.75% per annum. As applied to the
First Lien Term Loans, the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate has a minimum floor of 1.0%. The six month Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined
in the First Lien Credit Agreement) at July 1, 2016, the day of the Restatement Amendment, was 0.92%. Prior to the Restatement
Amendment, the interest rates payable on first lien term loans under the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement were the Adjusted Eurodollar
Rate (as defined in the Prior First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 3.25% per annum or the Base Rate (as defined in the Prior First
Lien Credit Agreement) plus 2.25% per annum. 

Payments.  The scheduled quarterly
amortization of the First Lien Term Loans is approximately $6.1 million, beginning in December 2016, with the balance due at maturity.
Prior to the Restatement Amendment, the quarterly amortization payments on the first lien term loans under the Prior First Lien
Credit Agreement were approximately $6.2 million. 

Maturity Date.  The maturity
date for the First Lien Term Loans shall be on the earliest to occur of (i) the seventh anniversary of the Restatement Effective
Date, (ii) the date on which all First Lien Term Loans shall become due and payable in full under the First Lien Credit Agreement,
whether by acceleration or otherwise, and (iii) September 25, 2020 if our indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Agreement has
not been repaid, refinanced or extended prior to such date. 

Incremental Feature:  Under
the First Lien Credit Agreement, we can elect to request 1) an increase to the existing Revolving Credit Facility and/or 2) additional
First Lien Term Loans, provided that the aggregate amount of such increases or additions does not exceed (A) an amount not in excess
of $100.0 million  minus  any incremental loans requested under the similar provisions of the Second Lien Credit Agreement
or (B) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 3.50:1.00 after giving effect to such incremental facilities, an uncapped
amount, in each case subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the First Lien Credit Agreement. Each lender approached
to provide all or a portion of any incremental facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide any incremental
commitment or loan. 

Revolving Credit Facility:  The
First Lien Credit Agreement provides for a $117.5 million Revolving Credit Facility. The termination date of the Revolving Credit
Facility is the earliest to occur of: (i) July 1, 2021, (ii) the date the Revolving Credit Facility is permanently reduced to zero
pursuant to section 2.13(b) of the First Lien Credit Agreement, which addresses voluntary commitment reductions, (iii) the date
of the termination of the Revolving Credit Facility due to specific events of default pursuant to section 8.01 of the First Lien
Credit Agreement, and (iv) September 25, 2020 if our indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Agreement has not been repaid, refinanced
or extended prior to such date. Amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest based on types of borrowings
as follows: (i) unpaid principal on loans under the Revolving Credit Facility at the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the
First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 3.75% per annum or the Base Rate (as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement) plus 2.75% per
annum, (ii) letter of credit fees at 3.75% per annum and fronting fees for letters of credit at 0.25% per annum, in each case on
the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit issued under the First Lien Credit
Agreement, and (iii) commitment fee of 0.5% per annum on the unused revolver balance. 

Second Lien Credit Agreement : 

On March 25, 2014, we entered into
the Second Lien Credit Agreement to provide for, among other things, the borrowing of $180.0 million of Second Lien Term Loans.
The proceeds from the Second Lien Term Loans were used to redeem our 10 3/8% senior unsecured notes, due 2018, to pay the expenses
related to the transaction and for general corporate purposes. On July 1, 2016, in conjunction with the Restatement Amendment,
a $12.0 million principal payment was made on the Second Lien Term Loans. 

The Second Lien Credit Agreement provides
for the following: 

Interest.  The interest rates
payable on the Second Lien Term Loans are (a) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) plus
7.0% or (b) the Base Rate (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) plus 6.0%. The Adjusted Eurodollar Rate has a minimum
floor of 1.0% on the Second Lien Term Loans. The three month Adjusted Eurodollar Rate at September 30, 2016 was 0.85%. The rate
paid on the Second Lien Term Loan at September 30, 2016 was 8%. 

Payments.  There is no scheduled
amortization of the principal of the Second Lien Term Loans. Unless otherwise prepaid as a result of the occurrence of certain
mandatory prepayment events, all principal will be due and payable on the termination date described below. 

Termination.  The maturity
date for the Second Lien Term Loans is the earlier to occur of (i) March 25, 2021, and (ii) the date on which the Second Lien Term
Loans shall otherwise become due and payable in full under the Second Lien Credit Agreement, whether by voluntary prepayment per
section 2.13(a) of the Second Lien Credit Agreement or events of default per section 8.01 of the Second Lien Credit Agreement as
described below. 

ITEM 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk   

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.    
We receive payment for our services exclusively in United States dollars. As a result, our financial results are unlikely
to be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency, exchange rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. 

We maintain research and development facilities
in Prince Edward Island, Canada and Budapest, Hungary for which expenses are paid in the local currency. Accordingly, we do have
currency risk resulting from fluctuations between such local currency and the United States dollar. At the present time, we do
not have any foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate this risk. At September 30, 2016, a hypothetical 1% decline in the
currency exchange rates between the United States Dollar against the Canadian Dollar and the Hungarian Forint would have resulted
in an annual increase of approximately $30,000 in operating expenses. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity   We pay
interest on various types of debt instruments to our suppliers and lending institutions. The agreements entail either fixed
or variable interest rates.  Instruments which have fixed rates are mainly leases on radiology equipment. Variable rate interest
obligations relate primarily to amounts borrowed under our outstanding credit facilities. As described in the Liquidity and Capital
Resources section above, we can elect Adjusted Eurodollar or Base Rate interest rate options on the First Lien Term Loans, the
Second Lien Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility. 

At September 30, 2016, we had $479.0 million
outstanding subject to a six month Adjusted Eurodollar election on First Lien Term Loans and $168.0 million outstanding subject
to a three month Adjusted Eurodollar election on Second Lien Term Loans. Based on our current Adjusted Eurodollar elections,
the contractual Adjusted Eurodollar Rate floor of 1% exceeds the respective current spot rates. For the First Lien Term Loans,
an increase of 108 basis points would be necessary to realize a hypothetical 1% increase in the borrowing rate and an annual increase
of $4.8 million of interest expense.  For the Second Lien Term Loans, an increase of 115 basis points would be required to
realize a hypothetical 1% increase in the borrowing rate and an annual increase of $1.7 million of interest expense. At September
30, 2016, we had an additional $7.7 million in debt instruments tied to the prime rate. A hypothetical 1% increase in the prime
rate for 2015-2016 would have resulted in an annual increase in interest expense of approximately $77,000 on those instruments. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information is (1) gathered and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and financial officers, on a timely basis; and (2) recorded, processed, summarized, reported
and filed with the SEC as required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for their intended purpose as of September 30, 2016 because of deficiencies
in the design and operating effectiveness of certain information technology general controls ( ITGC s) and information
technology dependent manual controls related to the revenue and accounts receivable process that caused a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting as described in more detail below. 

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are transacted in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, under the supervision of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at that reasonable assurance level as of September
30, 2016 because of the material weakness described below. 

A material weakness is defined as  a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis.  

Our management initially identified certain
control deficiencies in connection with the review of our controls at December 31, 2015 and concluded that, as of September 30,
2016, the following control deficiencies related to the Company s revenue and accounts receivable process continue to aggregate
to a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting: 

ITGCs were ineffective for multiple systems which capture and bill revenue transactions as a result of deficiencies pertaining to user access and program change controls and   

Certain information technology dependent manual controls which are designed to ensure the completeness of revenue transaction processing and appropriate valuation of the account receivable were not performed timely or reviewed with sufficient precision.   

The ineffective design and operation of these
ITGCs and the related information technology dependent manual controls impacts a material portion of our revenue transactions and
consequently creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement could occur. Our management is not aware of any material
misstatement or inaccuracy in the financial statements included in this report. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal controls
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with existing policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Remediation Plan for Material Weakness   

Our management, with oversight of our Audit
Committee, has been actively engaged in developing [and implementing?] a remediation plan to address the material weakness reported.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company began to implement remediation efforts as follows: 

Streamline the number and improve the quality of systems utilized by the Company for the capture and billing of revenue transactions.   

Implement effective user access controls across all revenue related systems to ensure proper authentication for established users and timely removal of terminated users, and improve documentation surrounding program change controls.    

Ensure that all revenue-related IT dependent manual controls are performed on a timely basis with a sufficient level of precision.   

If the remedial measures described above are
insufficient to address the material weakness described above, or are not implemented timely, or additional deficiencies arise
in the future, material misstatements in our interim or annual financial statements may occur in the future and could have the
effects described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in Part II of this report.  

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Except for the remediation efforts described
above, management did not identify any change in internal control over financial reporting occurring during the quarter ended September
30, 2016 that materially affected, or was reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  Legal Proceedings  

We are engaged from time to time in the defense
of lawsuits arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of our business. We do not believe that the outcome of any of our current
litigation will have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, we could
be subsequently named as a defendant in other lawsuits that could adversely affect us. 

ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors  

For information about the risks and uncertainties
related to our business, please see the risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, as amended. The risks described in our Form 10-K, as amended, are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks
and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

ITEM 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds  

None. 

ITEM 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

ITEM 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.  Other Information  

None. 

ITEM 6.  Exhibits  

Reference is made to the Exhibit Index immediately
following the signature page of this report on Form 10-Q. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

RADNET, INC.   

(Registrant)   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Howard G. Berger, M.D.   

Howard G. Berger, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Mark D. Stolper   

Mark D. Stolper, Chief Financial Officer  
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   
   Number    
       
        Description    

10.1     
       
      Amendment No. 3 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among Radnet Management, Inc., RadNet, Inc., certain subsidiaries and affiliates of RadNet, Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time, and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, including Annex I thereto, Amended and Restated First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among Radnet Management, Inc., RadNet, Inc., certain subsidiaries and affiliates of RadNet, Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time, and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2016).  

31.1  
       
      Certification of Howard G. Berger, M.D. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  
       
      Certification of Mark D. Stolper pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1*  
       
      Certification of Howard G. Berger, M.D. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2*  
       
      Certification of Mark D. Stolper pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS**  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH**  
       
      XBRL Schema Document  

101.CAL**  
       
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB**  
       
      XBRL Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE**  
       
      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF**  

XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portion of this Exhibit, which portion has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   

*  
      This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.   

**  
      Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 radnet_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Howard G. Berger, M.D., certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of RadNet, Inc.; 

2.       Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.       Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d  15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Howard G. Berger, M.D.            

 Howard G. Berger, M.D. 

 President, Chief Executive
Officer and 

 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 (Principal Executive
Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 radnet_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER P 

 URSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark D. Stolper, certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of RadNet, Inc.; 

2.       Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.       Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d  15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Mark D. Stolper            

 Mark D. Stolper 

 Executive Vice President and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 radnet_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of RadNet, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on November 9, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Howard G. Berger, M.D., Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.       The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.       The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/
Howard G. Berger, M.D.            

 Howard
G. Berger, M.D. 

 Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

 November 9, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 radnet_10q-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of RadNet, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on November 9, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Mark D. Stolper, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.       The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.       The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/ Mark D. Stolper            

 Mark D. Stolper 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

 November 9, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rdnt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rdnt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rdnt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rdnt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rdnt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rdnt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

