<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_925528_0001144204-16-131780_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2585901</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99116</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>178407</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>531556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1145439</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>575381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131780.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104170818
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUDSON TECHNOLOGIES INC /NY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000925528
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				133641539
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13412
		FILM NUMBER:		161975931

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1541
		STREET 2:		ONE BLUE HILL PLAZA, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PEARL RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10965
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8457356000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1541
		STREET 2:		ONE BLUE HILL PLAZA, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PEARL RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10965

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REFRIGERANT RECLAMATION INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940617

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131780.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451122_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  Securities and Exchange Commission  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

x 
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________
to ____________ 

Commission file number 1-13412 

Hudson
Technologies, Inc.   

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x  Yes    
No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.)        x
   Yes     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer (do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      
Yes   x   No  

State the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 

Hudson Technologies, Inc.  

Index  

Part     

Item   
       
      Page   

Part I.   
       
        Financial Information    

Item 1    
        -  Financial Statements   

- Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       
      3   

- Consolidated Income
Statements   
       
     4  

- Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
       
      5   

- Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      6   

Item 2   
      - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     15  

Item 3   
       - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      21   

Item 4   
       - Controls and Procedures   
       
      21   

Part II.   
       
      Other Information  

Item 1    
       - Legal Proceedings   
       
      23   

Item 6    
       - Exhibits   
       
      23   

Signatures  

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

    Item 1-Financial Statements  

Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (Amounts in thousands, except for share
and par value amounts) 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Income Statements  

  (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands, except for share
and per share amounts) 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (Amounts in thousands) 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

   Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements   

Note 1 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies   

Business  

Hudson Technologies, Inc., incorporated
under the laws of New York on January 11, 1991, is a refrigerant services company providing innovative solutions to recurring problems
within the refrigeration industry. The Company s operations consist of one reportable segment. The Company's products and
services are primarily used in commercial air conditioning, industrial processing and refrigeration systems, and include refrigerant
and industrial gas sales, refrigerant management services consisting primarily of reclamation of refrigerants and RefrigerantSide 
Services performed at a customer's site, consisting of system decontamination to remove moisture, oils and other contaminants.
In addition, the Company s SmartEnergy OPS  service is a web-based real time continuous monitoring service applicable
to a facility s refrigeration systems and other energy systems. The Company s Chiller Chemistry  and Chill Smart 
services are also predictive and diagnostic service offerings. As a component of the Company s products and services, the
Company also participates in the generation of carbon offset projects. The Company operates principally through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Hudson Technologies Company. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the  Company ,  Hudson ,
 we ,  us ,  our , or similar pronouns refer to Hudson Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

In preparing the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, and in accordance with ASC 855-10  Subsequent Events , the Company s
management has evaluated subsequent events through the date that the financial statements were filed. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial statements
and with the instructions of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by generally
accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. The financial information included in this quarterly report should
be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December
31, 2015. Operating results for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

In the opinion of management, all estimates
and adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included and all such adjustments were normal and recurring. 

Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements represent
all companies of which Hudson directly or indirectly has majority ownership or otherwise controls. Significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated. The Company's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of wholly-owned subsidiaries
Hudson Holdings, Inc. and Hudson Technologies Company. The Company does not present a statement of comprehensive income as its
comprehensive income is the same as its net income. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The carrying values of financial instruments
including trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, because
of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of short and long-term debt approximates fair value,
due to the variable rate nature of the debt, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Credit Risk  

Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of temporary cash investments and trade accounts receivable.
The Company maintains its temporary cash investments in highly-rated financial institutions and, at times, the balances exceed
FDIC insurance coverage. The Company's trade accounts receivables are primarily due from companies throughout the United States.
The Company reviews each customer's credit history before extending credit. 

The Company establishes an allowance for
doubtful accounts based on factors associated with the credit risk of specific accounts, historical trends, and other information.
The carrying value of the Company s accounts receivable is reduced by the established allowance for doubtful accounts. The
allowance for doubtful accounts includes any accounts receivable balances that are determined to be uncollectible, along with a
general reserve for the remaining accounts receivable balances. The Company adjusts its reserves based on factors that affect the
collectability of the accounts receivable balances. 

For the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, two customers each accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenues, and in the aggregate, these two customers
accounted for 33% of the Company s revenues. At September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding receivables from these customers. 

For the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015, two customers each accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenues and, in the aggregate these two customers
accounted for 34% of the Company s revenues. 

The loss of a principal customer or a decline
in the economic prospects of and/or a reduction in purchases of the Company's products or services by any such customer could have
a material adverse effect on the Company's operating results and financial position. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Temporary investments with original maturities
of ninety days or less are included in cash and cash equivalents. 

Inventories  

Inventories, consisting primarily of refrigerant
products available for sale, are stated at the lower of cost, on a first-in first-out basis, or market. Where the market price
of inventory is less than the related cost, the Company may be required to write down its inventory through a lower of cost or
market adjustment, the impact of which would be reflected in cost of sales in the Consolidated Income Statements. Any such adjustment
would be based on management s judgment regarding future demand and market conditions and analysis of historical experience. 

Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment are stated
at cost, including internally manufactured equipment. The cost to complete equipment that is under construction is not considered
to be material to the Company's financial position. Provision for depreciation is recorded (for financial reporting purposes) using
the straight-line method over the useful lives of the respective assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the shorter of economic life or terms of the respective leases. Costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
when incurred. 

Due to the specialized nature of the Company's
business, it is possible that the Company's estimates of equipment useful life periods may change in the future. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in business combinations accounted for under the purchase method of accounting.
For the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company performed the annual goodwill impairment assessment using a qualitative approach
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value. In performing
the qualitative assessment, we identify and consider the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affect
the fair value of our goodwill. These factors include external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions,
as well as entity-specific factors, such as our actual and planned financial performance. If the results of the qualitative assessment
conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeds its carrying value, additional quantitative
impairment testing is performed. 

Revenues and Cost of Sales  

Revenues are recorded upon completion of
service or product shipment and passage of title to customers in accordance with contractual terms. The Company evaluates each
sale to ensure collectability. In addition, each sale is based on an arrangement with the customer and the sales price to the customer
is fixed. License fees are recognized over the period of the license based on the respective performance measurements associated
with the license. Royalty revenues are recognized when earned. Cost of sales is recorded based on the cost of products shipped
or services performed and related direct operating costs of the Company's facilities. To the extent that the Company charges its
customers shipping fees, such amounts are included as a component of revenue and the corresponding costs are included as a component
of cost of sales. 

The Company's revenues are derived from
refrigerant and reclamation sales and RefrigerantSide  Services, including license and royalty revenues. The revenues for each
of these lines are as follows: 

Income Taxes  

The Company utilizes the asset and liability
method for recording deferred income taxes, which provides for the establishment of deferred tax asset or liability accounts based
on the difference between tax and financial reporting bases of certain assets and liabilities. The tax benefit associated with
the Company's net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) is recognized to the extent that the Company is expected
to recognize future taxable income. The Company assesses the recoverability of its deferred tax assets based on its expectation
that it will recognize future taxable income and adjusts its valuation allowance accordingly. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the net deferred tax asset was $2,079,000 and $3,663,000, respectively. 

Certain states either do not allow or limit
NOLs and as such the Company will be liable for certain state taxes. To the extent that the Company utilizes its NOLs, it will
not pay tax on such income but may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. In addition, to the extent that the Company s
net income, if any, exceeds the annual NOL limitation it will pay income taxes based on existing statutory rates. Moreover, as
a result of a  change in control , as defined by the Internal Revenue Service, the Company s ability to utilize
its existing NOLs is subject to certain annual limitations. All of the Company s remaining NOLs of approximately $5,000,000
are subject to annual limitations of $1,300,000. 

As a result of an Internal Revenue Service
audit, the 2013 and prior federal tax years have been closed. The Company operates in many states throughout the United States
and, as of September 30, 2016, the various states  statutes of limitations remain open for tax years subsequent to 2012.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, relating to income taxes as a component of the provision for income taxes. 

The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions,
if any, by determining if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 

Net Income per Common and Equivalent
Shares  

If dilutive, common equivalent shares (common
shares assuming exercise of options and warrants) utilizing the treasury stock method are considered in the presentation of diluted
earnings per share. The reconciliation of shares used to determine net income per share is as follows (dollars in thousands, unaudited): 

During the three-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, certain options and warrants aggregating 73,034 and 1,196,643 shares, respectively, have been
excluded from the calculation of diluted shares, due to the fact that their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

During the nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, certain options and warrants aggregating 123,034 and 75,000 shares, respectively, have been excluded from the
calculation of diluted shares, due to the fact that their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

Estimates and Risks  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect reported amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the results
of operations during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

The Company utilizes both internal and
external sources to evaluate potential current and future liabilities for various commitments and contingencies. In the event that
the assumptions or conditions change in the future, the estimates could differ from the original estimates. 

Several of the Company's accounting policies
involve significant judgments, uncertainties and estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. To the extent that actual results differ from management's judgments and estimates, there could be a material adverse
effect on the Company. On a continuous basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those estimates
related to its allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory reserves, and valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets relating
to its NOLs and commitments and contingencies. With respect to accounts receivable, the Company estimates the necessary allowance
for doubtful accounts based on both historical and anticipated trends of payment history and the ability of the customer to fulfill
its obligations. For inventory, the Company evaluates both current and anticipated sales prices of its products to determine if
a write down of inventory to net realizable value is necessary. In determining the Company s valuation allowance for its
deferred tax assets, the Company assesses its ability to generate taxable income in the future. 

The Company participates in an industry
that is highly regulated, and changes in the regulations affecting our business could affect our operating results. Currently
the Company purchases virgin hydrochlorofluorocarbon ( HCFC ) and hydrofluorocarbon ( HFC ) refrigerants
and reclaimable, primarily HCFC, HFC and chlorofluorocarbon ( CFC ), refrigerants from suppliers and its customers.
Effective January 1, 1996, the Clean Air Act (the  Act ) prohibited the production of virgin CFC refrigerants and
limited the production of virgin HCFC refrigerants. Effective January 2004, the Act further limited the production of virgin HCFC
refrigerants and federal regulations were enacted which established production and consumption allowances for HCFC refrigerants
which imposed limitations on the importation of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants. Under the Act, production of certain virgin
HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out during the period 2010 through 2020, and production of all virgin HCFC refrigerants
is scheduled to be phased out by 2030. In October 2014, the EPA published a final rule establishing final production and consumption
allowances for virgin HCFC refrigerants for the years 2015 through 2019 (the  Final Rule ). In the Final Rule, the
EPA has established a linear draw down for the production or importation of virgin HCFC-22 that started at approximately 22 million
pounds in 2015 and reduces by approximately 4.5 million pounds each year and ends at zero in 2020. 

To the extent that the Company is unable
to source sufficient quantities of refrigerants or is unable to obtain refrigerants on commercially reasonable terms or experiences
a decline in demand and/or price for refrigerants sold by the Company, the Company could realize reductions in revenue from refrigerant
sales, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results and its financial position. 

The Company is subject to various legal
proceedings. The Company assesses the merit and potential liability associated with each of these proceedings. In addition, the
Company estimates potential liability, if any, related to these matters. To the extent that these estimates are not accurate, or
circumstances change in the future, the Company could realize liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating
results and its financial position. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets  

The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the
amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at
the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of eliminating the
existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU
2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies certain aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including income tax requirements, forfeitures, and presentation on the balance sheet and
the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and
for the interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU
2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities
that arise from leases. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP. The recognition,
measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee also have not significantly changed from
previous GAAP. Under ASU 2016-02, a lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments
(the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases
with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases
generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

For finance leases, a lessee is required
to do the following: (1) Recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease
payments, in the statement of financial position; (2) Recognize interest on the lease liability separately from amortization of
the right-of-use asset in the statement of comprehensive income; and (3) Classify repayments of the principal portion of the lease
liability within financing activities and payments of interest on the lease liability and variable lease payments within operating
activities in the statement of cash flows. 

For operating leases, a lessee is required
to do the following (1) Recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease
payments, in the statement of financial position; (2) Recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is
allocated over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis; and (3) Classify all cash payments within operating activities
in the statement of cash flows. 

In
transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented
using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients
that entities may elect to apply. These practical expedients relate to the identification and classification of leases that commenced
before the effective date, initial direct costs for leases that commenced before the effective date, and the ability to use hindsight
in evaluating lessee options to extend or terminate a lease or to purchase the underlying asset. An entity that elects to apply
the practical expedients will, in effect, continue to account for leases that commence before the effective date in accordance
with previous GAAP unless the lease is modified, except that lessees are required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability for all operating leases at each reporting date based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments that
were tracked and disclosed under previous GAAP. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this Update is permitted.
 The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred
tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in ASU
2015-17 apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred
tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected.
For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2015-17 are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as
of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company does not expect this adoption to have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2 - Share-based compensation  

Share-based compensation represents the
cost related to share-based awards, typically stock options or stock grants, granted to employees, non-employees, officers and
directors. Share-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated aggregate fair value of the award on
the grant date, and such amount is charged to compensation expense on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) over
the requisite service period. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the share-based compensation expense
of $601,000 and $162,000, respectively, is reflected in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Income Statements. 

Share-based awards have historically been
made as stock options and stock grants issued pursuant to the terms of the Company s stock option and stock incentive plans,
(collectively, the  Plans ), described below. The Plans may be administered by the Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee of the Board or by another committee appointed by the Board from among its members as provided in the Plans. Presently,
the Plans are administered by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2016,
the Plans authorized the issuance of 6,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock and, as of September 30, 2016 there
were 3,251,340 shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance in connection with future stock option grants
or other stock based awards. 

Stock option awards, which allow the recipient
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price, are typically granted at an exercise price equal to the
Company s stock price at the date of grant. Typically, the Company s stock option awards have vested from immediately
to two years from the grant date and have had a contractual term ranging from three to ten years. 

During the nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued options to purchase 1,170,534 shares of common stock and 164,506 shares of common stock,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016 there was $1,000 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested previously-granted
option awards. 

Effective July 25, 1997, the Company adopted
its 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, which was amended on August 19, 1999, ( 1997 Plan ) pursuant to which 2,000,000
shares of common stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options designated as either (i) incentive stock options
( ISOs ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), or (ii) nonqualified options.
ISOs could be granted under the 1997 Plan to employees and officers of the Company. Non-qualified options could be granted to consultants,
directors (whether or not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights could also be issued
in tandem with stock options. Effective June 11, 2007, the Company s ability to grant options or stock appreciation rights
under the 1997 Plan expired. 

Effective September 10, 2004, the Company
adopted its 2004 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2004 Plan ) pursuant to which 2,500,000 shares of common stock were reserved
for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified options, or (ii) as stock,
deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs could be granted under the 2004 Plan to employees and officers of the Company.
Non-qualified options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards could be granted to consultants, directors (whether or
not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights could also be issued in tandem with stock
options. Effective September 10, 2014, the Company s ability to grant options or other awards under the 2004 Plan expired. 

Effective August 27, 2008, the Company
adopted its 2008 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2008 Plan ) pursuant to which 3,000,000 shares of common stock were reserved
for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified options, or (ii) as stock,
deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs may be granted under the 2008 Plan to employees and officers of the Company. Non-qualified
options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards may be granted to consultants, directors (whether or not they are employees),
employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights may also be issued in tandem with stock options. Unless the 2008
Plan is sooner terminated, the ability to grant options or other awards under the 2008 Plan will expire on August 27, 2018. 

ISOs granted under the 2008 Plan may not
be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant (or 110% of fair market value in
the case of persons holding 10% or more of the voting stock of the Company). Nonqualified options granted under the 2008 Plan may
not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock. Options granted under the 2008 Plan expire not more
than ten years from the date of grant (five years in the case of ISOs granted to persons holding 10% or more of the voting stock
of the Company). 

Effective September 17, 2014, the
Company adopted its 2014 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2014 Plan ) pursuant to which 3,000,000 shares of common stock
were reserved for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified
options, or (ii) as stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs may be granted under the 2014 Plan to employees
and officers of the Company. Non-qualified options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards may be granted to
consultants, directors (whether or not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights
may also be issued in tandem with stock options. Unless the 2014 Plan is terminated sooner, the ability to grant options or
other awards under the 2014 Plan will expire on September 17, 2024. 

ISOs granted under the 2014 Plan may not
be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant (or 110% of fair market value in
the case of persons holding 10% or more of the voting stock of the Company). Nonqualified options granted under the 2014 Plan may
not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock. Options granted under the 2014 Plan expire not more
than ten years from the date of grant (five years in the case of ISOs granted to persons holding 10% or more of the voting stock
of the Company). 

All stock options have been granted to
employees and non-employees at exercise prices equal to or in excess of the market value on the date of the grant. 

The Company determines the fair value of
share based awards at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, and is incorporating the simplified method
to compute expected lives of share based awards with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

A summary of the activity for stock options
issued under the Company's Plans for the indicated periods is presented below: 

The following is the weighted average contractual
life in years and the weighted average exercise price at September 30, 2016 of: 

Weighted Average    

Number of       
     Remaining    
     Weighted Average     

Options       
     Contractual Life    
     Exercise Price     
 
     Options outstanding and fully vested    
        3,273,698       
     2.3 years    
     $  2.68     

The following is the intrinsic value at September
30, 2016 of :  

The intrinsic value of options exercised
during the year ended December 31, 2015 was $1,309,000. 

Note 3 - Debt  

Bank
Credit Line   

On June 22, 2012, a subsidiary of Hudson
entered into a Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement (the  PNC Facility ) with PNC Bank, National Association,
as agent ( Agent  or  PNC ), and such other lenders as may thereafter become a party to the PNC Facility.
The Maximum Loan Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) is currently $50,000,000, and the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as
defined in the PNC Facility) is 46,000,000. The Termination Date of the Facility (as defined in the PNC Facility) is June 30,
2020. 

Under the terms of the original PNC Facility,
as amended by the First Amendment to the PNC Facility, dated February 15, 2013, Hudson could initially borrow up to a maximum of
$40,000,000 consisting of a term loan in the principal amount of $4,000,000 and revolving loans in a maximum amount up to $36,000,000.
Amounts borrowed under the PNC Facility may be used by Hudson for working capital needs and to reimburse drawings under letters
of credit. 

Interest on loans under the PNC Facility
is payable in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to loans bearing interest at the domestic rate (as set forth
in the PNC Facility) and at the end of each interest period with respect to loans bearing interest at the Eurodollar Rate (as defined
in the PNC Facility) or, for Eurodollar Rate Loans (as defined in the PNC Facility) with an interest period in excess of three
months, at the earlier of (a) each three months from the commencement of such Eurodollar Rate Loan or (b) the end of the interest
period. Interest charges with respect to loans are computed on the actual principal amount of loans outstanding during the month
at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans (as defined in the PNC Facility), the sum of the Alternate
Base Rate (as defined in the PNC Facility) plus one half of one percent (.50%) and (B) with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans, the
sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one percent (2.25%). 

Hudson granted to PNC, for itself, and
as agent for such other lenders as may thereafter become a lender under the PNC Facility, a security interest in Hudson s
receivables, intellectual property, general intangibles, inventory and certain other assets. 

The PNC Facility contains certain financial
and non-financial covenants relating to Hudson, including limitations on Hudson s ability to pay dividends on common stock
or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties,
covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in
excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. The PNC Facility contains a financial covenant
to maintain at all times a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00, tested quarterly on a rolling twelve month
basis. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is defined in the PNC Facility, with respect to any fiscal period, as the ratio of (a) EBITDA
of Hudson for such period, minus unfinanced capital expenditures (as defined in the PNC Facility) made by Hudson during such period,
minus the aggregate amount of cash taxes paid by Hudson during such period, minus the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions
made by Hudson during such period, minus the aggregate amount of payments made with cash by Hudson to satisfy soil sampling and
reclamation related to environmental cleanup at the Company s former Hillburn, NY facility during such period (to the extent
not already included in the calculation of EBITDA as determined by the Agent) to (b) the aggregate amount of all principal payments
due and/or made, except principal payments related to outstanding revolving advances with regard to all funded debt (as defined
in the PNC Facility) of Hudson during such period, plus the aggregate interest expense of Hudson during such period. EBITDA as
defined in the PNC Facility shall mean for any period the sum of (i) earnings before interest and taxes for such period plus (ii)
depreciation expenses for such period, plus (iii) amortization expenses for such period, plus (iv) non-cash charges. 

On October 25, 2013, the Company entered
into the Second Amendment to the PNC facility (the  Second PNC Amendment ) which, among other things, waived the requirement
to comply with the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant of 1.10 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2013,
under the PNC Facility, and suspended the minimum fixed charge ratio covenant until the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015. 

On July 2, 2014, the Company entered into
the Third Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Third PNC Amendment ) which, among other things, extended the term of
PNC Facility. Pursuant to the Third PNC Amendment, which was effective June 30, 2014, the Termination Date of the PNC Facility
(as defined in the PNC Facility) was extended to June 30, 2018. 

On July 1, 2015, the Company entered into
the Fourth Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Fourth PNC Amendment ). The Fourth PNC Amendment redefined the  Revolving
Interest Rate  as well as the  Term Loan Rate  (as defined in the PNC Facility) as follows: 

Revolving Interest Rate  shall
mean an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the sum of the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the PNC Facility) plus one half
of one percent (.50%) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans and (b) the sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one
percent (2.25%) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate Loans. 

Term Loan Rate  shall mean
an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the sum of the Alternate Base Rate plus one half of one percent (.50%) with respect to
the Domestic Rate Loans and (b) the sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one percent (2.25%) with respect to
Eurodollar Rate Loans. 

On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
the Fifth Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Fifth PNC Amendment ). Pursuant to the Fifth PNC Amendment, the Maximum
Loan Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been increased from $40,000,000 to $50,000,000, and the Maximum Revolving Advance
Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been increased from $36,000,000 to $46,000,000. Additionally, pursuant to the Fifth
PNC Amendment the Termination Date of the Facility (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been extended to June 30, 2020. At September
30, 2016, total borrowings under the PNC Facility were $19,022,209, and there was $27,670,000 available to borrow under the revolving
line of credit. The effective interest rate under the PNC Facility was 3.5% at September 30, 2016. 

The Company was in compliance with all
covenants, under the PNC Facility as of September 30, 2016. The Company s ability to comply with these covenants in future
quarters may be affected by events beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions, weather conditions,
regulations and refrigerant pricing. Although we expect to remain in compliance with all covenants in the PNC Facility, as amended,
depending on our future operating performance and general economic conditions, we cannot make any assurance that we will continue
to be in compliance. 

The commitments under the PNC Facility
will expire and the full outstanding principal amount of the loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, are due and payable
in full on June 30, 2020, unless the commitments are terminated for any reason or the outstanding principal amount of the loans
are accelerated sooner following an event of default. 

Note 4 - Acquisitions  

On November 5, 2014 the Company purchased
certain assets from Polar Technologies, LLC ( Polar ) related to its refrigerant reclamation business and facilities
in Nashville, Tennessee; Ontario, California; and San Juan, Puerto Rico; hiring approximately thirty-two Polar employees associated
with the business. The purchase price for this acquisition was $8,035,000. A portion of the purchase price is to be paid in the
future pursuant to the purchase agreement. The preliminary asset allocation reflected in the December 31, 2014 financial statements
was approximately $5,435,000 of tangible assets, approximately $2,335,000 of intangible assets, and approximately $265,000 of goodwill.
The intangible assets will be amortized over a period of 2 to 10 years. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition, is
deductible for tax purposes. 

As of December 31, 2015 the valuation and
allocation of the purchase price for Polar was finalized resulting in an increase in tangible assets of $165,000, as well as an
increase in goodwill of $170,000 and a decrease in intangible assets of $335,000. This final valuation has been reflected in the
December 31, 2015 financial statements. 

The results of the Polar operations are
included in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements from the date of acquisition and are not material to the Company s
financial position or results of operations. 

On January 16, 2015, the Company acquired
certain assets of a supplier of refrigerants and compressed gases, and also hired three employees associated with the business.
The purchase price for this acquisition was $2,424,000 cash paid at closing and the assumption of a liability of $20,000, and a
maximum of an additional $3,000,000 earn-out. The preliminary asset allocation was approximately $1,606,000 of tangible assets,
approximately $1,500,000 of intangible assets, and approximately $2,338,000 of goodwill. 

As of December 31, 2015 the valuation and
allocation of the purchase price for this acquisition was finalized. As part of that process, it has been determined that the earn-out
payable that had been previously recorded at the maximum earn out of $3,000,000 per the purchase agreement was overstated by approximately
$1,000,000. This adjustment to the earn-out payable resulted in lowering the purchase price from approximately $5,400,000 to approximately
$4,400,000. The final valuation resulted in a reduction in goodwill by approximately $1,900,000, and increase in intangible assets
of approximately $800,000 and an increase in current assets of approximately $100,000. This final valuation as well as the respective
changes in the amortization of intangibles has been reflected in the December 31, 2015 financial statements. 

The adjusted earn-out payable of
approximately $2,000,000 consists of approximately $1,100,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and approximately
$864,000 for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, the actual earn-out was
approximately $800,000 resulting in a year end adjustment to reduce the payable by approximately $300,000 which has been
reflected in the December 31, 2015 Consolidated Statements of Operations as Other income. As of December 31, 2015,
approximately $445,000 of the 2015 earn-out has been paid and the remaining balance of $371,000 is recorded in Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities on the December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet and has been subsequently paid as
of September 30, 2016. 

The estimated earnout for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2016 of $864,000 was recorded in Other current liabilities on the December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet.
As of September 30, 2016, as a result of improved performance, the Company increased earnout liability by approximately $594,000,
which was recorded as general and administrative expense in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements  during the
third quarter of 2016. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $334,000 has been paid and the remaining balance of $1,124,000
is recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the September 30, 2016 consolidated balance sheet. 

The intangible assets are being amortized
over a period ranging from two to ten years. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition will be deductible for tax purposes.
The transaction also provides for additional employee compensation for years 2017 through 2019, based on certain revenue performance.
The total additional employee compensation, if any, cannot exceed $3,000,000. 

The results of the acquired business operations
are included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition, and are not material to
the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Pro Forma Information   

Pro forma revenues and results of operations
as if the businesses had been acquired on January 1, 2014 are not presented, as the acquisitions are not material to our financial
position or our results of operations. 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Certain statements, contained in this section
and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not
limited to, changes in the laws and regulations affecting the industry, changes in the demand and price for refrigerants (including
unfavorable market conditions adversely affecting the demand for, and the price of refrigerants), the Company's ability to source
refrigerants, regulatory and economic factors, seasonality, competition, litigation, the nature of supplier or customer arrangements
that become available to the Company in the future, adverse weather conditions, possible technological obsolescence of existing
products and services, possible reduction in the carrying value of long-lived assets, estimates of the useful life of its assets,
potential environmental liability, customer concentration, the ability to obtain financing, any delays or interruptions in bringing
products and services to market, the timely availability of any requisite permits and authorizations from governmental entities
and third parties as well as factors relating to doing business outside the United States, including changes in the laws, regulations,
policies, and political, financial and economic conditions, including inflation, interest and currency exchange rates, of countries
in which the Company may seek to conduct business, the Company s ability to successfully integrate any assets it acquires
from third parties into its operations, and other risks detailed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 and in the Company s other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The words
 believe ,  expect ,  anticipate ,  may ,  plan ,  should 
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The Company's discussion and analysis of
its financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Several of the Company's accounting policies involve
significant judgments, uncertainties and estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. To the extent that actual results differ from management's judgments and estimates, there could be a material adverse
effect on the Company. On a continuous basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those estimates
related to its allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory reserves, and valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets relating
to its net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) and commitments and contingencies. With respect to accounts receivable,
the Company estimates the necessary allowance for doubtful accounts based on both historical and anticipated trends of payment
history and the ability of the customer to fulfill its obligations. For inventory, the Company evaluates both current and anticipated
sales prices of its products to determine if a write down of inventory to net realizable value is necessary. In determining the
Company s valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets, the Company assesses its ability to generate taxable income in
the future. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in business combinations
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The Company tests for any impairment of goodwill annually. Intangibles with
determinable lives are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets currently ranging from 2 to 10 years. The Company
reviews these useful lives annually to determine that they reflect future realizable value. The Company utilizes both internal
and external sources to evaluate potential current and future liabilities for various commitments and contingencies. In the event
that the assumptions or conditions change in the future, the estimates could differ from the original estimates. 

Overview  

Sales of refrigerants continue to represent
a significant portion of the Company s revenues. The Company s refrigerant sales are primarily HCFC and HFC based
refrigerants and to a lesser extent CFC based refrigerants that are no longer manufactured. Currently the Company purchases virgin
HCFC and HFC refrigerants and reclaimable HCFC, HFC and CFC refrigerants from suppliers and its customers. Effective January 1,
1996, the Clean Air Act (the  Act ) prohibited the production of virgin CFC refrigerants and limited the production
of virgin HCFC refrigerants, which production was further limited in January 2004. Federal regulations enacted in January 2004
established production and consumption allowances for HCFCs and imposed limitations on the importation of certain virgin HCFC
refrigerants. Under the Act, production of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out during the period 2010
through 2020, and production of all virgin HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out by 2030. In October 2014, the EPA published
the Final Rule establishing final production and consumption allowances for virgin HCFC refrigerants for the years 2015 through
2019. In the Final Rule, the EPA has established a linear annual phase down schedule for the production or importation of virgin
HCFC-22 that started at approximately 22 million pounds in 2015 and is being reduced by approximately 4.5 million pounds each
year and ends at zero in 2020. 

The Company has also created and developed
a service offering known as RefrigerantSide  Services. RefrigerantSide  Services are sold to contractors and end-users
whose refrigeration systems are used in commercial air conditioning and industrial processing. These services are offered in addition
to refrigerant sales and the Company's traditional refrigerant management services, which consist primarily of reclamation of refrigerants.
The Company has created a network of service depots that provide a full range of the Company's RefrigerantSide  Services to
facilitate the growth and development of its service offerings. 

The Company focuses its sales and marketing
efforts for its RefrigerantSide  Services on customers who the Company believes most readily appreciate and understand the
value that is provided by its RefrigerantSide  Services offering. In pursuing its sales and marketing strategy, the Company
offers its RefrigerantSide  Services to customers in the following industries: petrochemical, pharmaceutical, industrial power,
manufacturing, commercial facility and property management and maritime. The Company may incur additional expenses as it further
develops and markets its RefrigerantSide  Services offering. 

Results of Operations 

Three month period ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues for the three month period ended
September 30, 2016 were $34,930,000, an increase of $13,248,000 or 61% from the $21,682,000 reported during the same period in
2015. The increase in revenues was attributable to an increase in refrigerant revenues of $13,217,000 and an increase in RefrigerantSide 
Services revenues of $31,000. The increase in refrigerant revenue is primarily related to an increase in the selling price per
pound of certain refrigerants sold, which accounted for an increase in revenues of $8,421,000, as well as an increase in the number
of pounds of certain refrigerants sold, which accounted for an increase in revenues of $4,796,000. The increase in RefrigerantSide 
Services was primarily attributable to an increase in the average selling price per job completed in the three month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 offset by a decrease in the number of jobs completed in the three month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Cost of sales for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016 was $22,890,000 or 66% of sales. The cost of sales for the three month period ended September 30, 2015
was $17,298,000 or 80% of sales. The decrease in the cost of sales percentage from 80% for the three month period ended September
30, 2015 to 66% for the same period in 2016 is primarily due to the increase in the selling price per pound of certain refrigerants
sold for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Operating expenses for the three month
period ended September 30, 2016 were $4,022,000, an increase of $1,540,000 from the $2,482,000 reported during the same period
in 2015. The increase in operating expenses is primarily due to increases in stock compensation expense, earnout liability and
professional fees in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Interest expense for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016 was $296,000, compared to the $157,000 reported during the same period in 2015. The increase in interest
expense is due to increased borrowings under the PNC Credit Facility. 

Income tax expense for the three month
period ended September 30, 2016 was $2,933,000 compared to income tax expense for the same period in 2015 of $663,000. The $2,270,000
increase was attributable to higher Income before income taxes for 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. For 2016 and 2015,
the income tax expense was for federal and state income tax at statutory rates applied to the Income before income taxes. 

Net income for the three month period ended
September 30, 2016 was $4,789,000, an increase of $3,707,000 from the $1,082,000 net income reported during the same period in
2015, primarily due to the increase in revenues and gross margin partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and income
tax expense. 

Nine month period ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 were $97,701,000, an increase of $25,279,000 or 35% from the $72,422,000 reported during the same period in
2015. The increase in revenues was attributable to an increase in refrigerant revenues of $25,321,000, offset slightly by a decrease
in RefrigerantSide  Services revenues of $42,000. The increase in refrigerant revenue is primarily related to an increase in
the selling price per pound of certain refrigerants sold, which accounted for an increase in revenues of $18,369,000, as well as
an increase in the number of pounds of certain refrigerants sold, which accounted for an increase in revenues of $6,952,000. The
decrease in RefrigerantSide  Services was primarily attributable to a decrease in the number of jobs completed in the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, offset by an increase in the average selling price per
job completed in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Cost of sales for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 was $67,649,000 or 69% of sales. The cost of sales for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015
was $55,301,000 or 76% of sales. The decrease in the cost of sales percentage from 76% for the nine month period ended September
30, 2015 to 69% for the same period in 2016 is primarily due to the increase in the selling price per pound of certain refrigerants
sold for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Operating expenses for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 were $8,872,000, an increase of $1,684,000 from the $7,188,000 reported during the same period in 2015.
The increase in operating expenses is primarily due to an increase in stock compensation expense, earnout liability and professional
fees in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Interest expense for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 was $919,000, compared to the $600,000 reported during the same period in 2015. The increase in interest
expense is due to increased borrowings under the PNC Credit Facility. 

Income tax expense for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 was $7,699,000 compared to income tax expense for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 of $3,547,000.
The $4,152,000 increase was attributable to higher Income before income taxes for 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
For 2016 and 2015 the income tax expense was for federal and state income tax at statutory rates applied to the Income before income
taxes. 

Net income for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 was $12,562,000, an increase of $6,776,000 from the $5,786,000 net income reported during the same period in
2015, primarily due to the increase in revenues partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and income tax expense. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
working capital, which represents current assets less current liabilities, of $56,259,000, an increase of $17,750,000 from the
working capital of $38,509,000 at December 31, 2015. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to increased net
income. 

Inventory and trade receivables are principal
components of current assets. At September 30, 2016, the Company had inventories of $66,584,000, an increase of $4,687,000 from
$61,897,000 at December 31, 2015. The increase in the inventory balance is primarily due the timing and availability of inventory
purchases and the sale of refrigerants. The Company's ability to sell and replace its inventory on a timely basis and the prices
at which it can be sold are subject, among other things, to current market conditions and the nature of supplier or customer arrangements
and the Company's ability to source CFC based refrigerants (which are no longer being produced), HCFC refrigerants (which are currently
being phased down leading to a full phase out of virgin production), or non-CFC based refrigerants. At September 30, 2016, the
Company had trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, of $9,232,000, an increase of $4,818,000 from $4,414,000
at December 31, 2015. The Company's trade receivables are concentrated with various wholesalers, brokers, contractors and end-users
within the refrigeration industry that are primarily located in the continental United States. 

The Company has historically financed its
working capital requirements through cash flows from operations, the issuance of debt and equity securities, and bank borrowings. 

Net cash provided by operating activities
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, was $7,441,000 compared with net cash used in operating activities of $5,499,000
for the same period in 2015. Net cash provided by operating activities for the 2016 period was primarily attributable to net income,
the utilization of the deferred tax asset and an increase in income taxes payable, offset by increases in accounts receivable
and inventory. 

Net cash used in investing activities for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, was $877,000 compared with net cash used in investing activities of $3,078,000
for the same period in 2015. The net cash used in investing activities for the 2016 period was primarily related to investment
in general purpose equipment for the Company s reclamation facilities. The net cash used in investing activities for the
2015 period was primarily related to the acquisition of a refrigerant and compressed gases supplier, as well as investment in general
purpose equipment for the Company s reclamation facilities. 

Net cash used in financing activities for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, was $3,846,000 compared with net cash provided by financing activities of $8,682,000
for the same period in 2015. The net cash used in by financing activities for the 2016 period was primarily due to the repayment
of debt, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock from the exercise of options and warrants. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents of $3,976,000. The Company continues to assess its capital expenditure needs. The Company may, to the
extent necessary, continue to utilize its cash balances to purchase equipment primarily for its operations. 

The following is a summary of the Company's
significant contractual cash obligations for the periods indicated that existed as of September 30, 2016 (in 000 s) :  

_____________ 

 (1) The estimated future interest
payments on all debt other than revolving debt are based on the respective interest rates applied to the declining principal balances
on each of the notes. 

On June 22, 2012, a subsidiary of Hudson
entered into a Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement (the  PNC Facility ) with PNC Bank, National Association,
as agent ( Agent  or  PNC ), and such other lenders as may thereafter become a party to the PNC Facility.
The Maximum Loan Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) is currently $50,000,000, and the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as
defined in the PNC Facility) is 46,000,000. The Termination Date of the Facility (as defined in the PNC Facility) is June 30,
2020. 

Under the terms of the original PNC Facility,
as amended by the First Amendment to the PNC Facility, dated February 15, 2013, Hudson could initially borrow up to a maximum of
$40,000,000 consisting of a term loan in the principal amount of $4,000,000 and revolving loans in a maximum amount up to $36,000,000.
Amounts borrowed under the PNC Facility may be used by Hudson for working capital needs and to reimburse drawings under letters
of credit. 

Interest on loans under the PNC Facility
is payable in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to loans bearing interest at the domestic rate (as set forth
in the PNC Facility) and at the end of each interest period with respect to loans bearing interest at the Eurodollar Rate (as defined
in the PNC Facility) or, for Eurodollar Rate Loans (as defined in the PNC Facility) with an interest period in excess of three
months, at the earlier of (a) each three months from the commencement of such Eurodollar Rate Loan or (b) the end of the interest
period. Interest charges with respect to loans are computed on the actual principal amount of loans outstanding during the month
at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans (as defined in the PNC Facility), the sum of the Alternate
Base Rate (as defined in the PNC Facility) plus one half of one percent (.50%) and (B) with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans, the
sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one percent (2.25%). 

Hudson granted to PNC, for itself, and
as agent for such other lenders as may thereafter become a lender under the PNC Facility, a security interest in Hudson s
receivables, intellectual property, general intangibles, inventory and certain other assets. 

The PNC Facility contains certain financial
and non-financial covenants relating to Hudson, including limitations on Hudson s ability to pay dividends on common stock
or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties,
covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in
excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. The PNC Facility contains a financial covenant
to maintain at all times a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00, tested quarterly on a rolling twelve month
basis. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is defined in the PNC Facility, with respect to any fiscal period, as the ratio of (a) EBITDA
of Hudson for such period, minus unfinanced capital expenditures (as defined in the PNC Facility) made by Hudson during such period,
minus the aggregate amount of cash taxes paid by Hudson during such period, minus the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions
made by Hudson during such period, minus the aggregate amount of payments made with cash by Hudson to satisfy soil sampling and
reclamation related to environmental cleanup at the Company s former Hillburn, NY facility during such period (to the extent
not already included in the calculation of EBITDA as determined by the Agent) to (b) the aggregate amount of all principal payments
due and/or made, except principal payments related to outstanding revolving advances with regard to all funded debt (as defined
in the PNC Facility) of Hudson during such period, plus the aggregate interest expense of Hudson during such period. EBITDA as
defined in the PNC Facility shall mean for any period the sum of (i) earnings before interest and taxes for such period plus (ii)
depreciation expenses for such period, plus (iii) amortization expenses for such period, plus (iv) non-cash charges. 

On October 25, 2013, the Company entered
into the Second Amendment to the PNC facility (the  Second PNC Amendment ) which, among other things, waived the requirement
to comply with the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant of 1.10 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2013,
under the PNC Facility, and suspended the minimum fixed charge ratio covenant until the quarterly period ended March 31, 2015. 

On July 2, 2014, the Company entered into
the Third Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Third PNC Amendment ) which, among other things, extended the term of
PNC Facility. Pursuant to the Third PNC Amendment, which was effective June 30, 2014, the Termination Date of the PNC Facility
(as defined in the PNC Facility) was extended to June 30, 2018. 

On July 1, 2015, the Company entered into
the Fourth Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Fourth PNC Amendment ). The Fourth PNC Amendment redefined the  Revolving
Interest Rate  as well as the  Term Loan Rate  (as defined in the PNC Facility) as follows: 

Revolving Interest Rate  shall
mean an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the sum of the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the PNC Facility) plus one half
of one percent (.50%) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans and (b) the sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one
percent (2.25%) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate Loans. 

Term Loan Rate  shall mean
an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the sum of the Alternate Base Rate plus one half of one percent (.50%) with respect to
the Domestic Rate Loans and (b) the sum of the Eurodollar Rate plus two and one quarter of one percent (2.25%) with respect to
Eurodollar Rate Loans. 

On April 8, 2016,
the Company entered into the Fifth Amendment to the PNC Facility (the  Fifth PNC Amendment ). Pursuant to the Fifth
PNC Amendment, the Maximum Loan Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been increased from $40,000,000 to $50,000,000, and
the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been increased from $36,000,000 to $46,000,000. Additionally,
pursuant to the Fifth PNC Amendment the Termination Date of the Facility (as defined in the PNC Facility) has been extended to
June 30, 2020. At September 30, 2016, total borrowings under the PNC Facility were $19,022,209, and there was $27,670,000
available to borrow under the revolving line of credit. The effective interest rate under the PNC Facility was 3.5% at September
30, 2016. 

The Company was in compliance with all
covenants, under the PNC Facility as of September 30, 2016. The Company s ability to comply with these covenants in future
quarters may be affected by events beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions, weather conditions,
regulations and refrigerant pricing. Although we expect to remain in compliance with all covenants in the PNC Facility, as amended,
depending on our future operating performance and general economic conditions, we cannot make any assurance that we will continue
to be in compliance. 

The commitments under the PNC Facility
will expire and the full outstanding principal amount of the loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, are due and payable
in full on June 30, 2020, unless the commitments are terminated for any reason or the outstanding principal amount of the loans
are accelerated sooner following an event of default. 

Inflation 

Inflation has not historically had a material
impact on the Company's operations. 

Reliance on Suppliers and Customers  

The Company participates in an industry
that is highly regulated, and changes in the regulations affecting our business could affect our operating results. Currently the
Company purchases virgin HCFC and HFC refrigerants and reclaimable, primarily HCFC and CFC, refrigerants from suppliers and its
customers. Under the Act the phase-down of future production of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants commenced in 2010 and is scheduled
to be fully phased out by the year 2020, and production of all virgin HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out by the year
2030. To the extent that the Company is unable to source sufficient quantities of refrigerants or is unable to obtain refrigerants
on commercially reasonable terms or experiences a decline in demand and/or price for refrigerants sold by it, the Company could
realize reductions in revenue from refrigerant sales, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating
results and financial position. 

For the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, two customers each accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenues, and in the aggregate, these two customers
accounted for 33% of the Company s revenues. At September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding receivables from these customers. 

For the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015, two customers each accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenues and, in the aggregate these
two customers accounted for 34% of the Company s revenues. 

The loss of a principal customer or a decline
in the economic prospects of and/or a reduction in purchases of the Company's products or services by any such customer could have
a material adverse effect on the Company's operating results and financial position. 

Seasonality and Weather Conditions
and Fluctuations in Operating Results 

The Company's operating results vary
from period to period as a result of weather conditions, requirements of potential customers, non-recurring refrigerant and
service sales, availability and price of refrigerant products (virgin or reclaimable), changes in reclamation technology and
regulations, timing in introduction and/or retrofit or replacement of refrigeration equipment, the rate of expansion of the
Company's operations, and by other factors. The Company's business is seasonal in nature with peak sales of refrigerants
occurring in the first half of each year. During past years, the seasonal decrease in sales of refrigerants has resulted in
losses particularly in the fourth quarter of the year. In addition, to the extent that there is unseasonably cool weather
throughout the spring and summer months, which would adversely affect the demand for refrigerants, there would be a
corresponding negative impact on the Company. Delays or inability in securing adequate supplies of refrigerants at peak
demand periods, lack of refrigerant demand, increased expenses, declining refrigerant prices and a loss of a principal
customer could result in significant losses. There can be no assurance that the foregoing factors will not occur and result
in a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and significant losses. The Company believes that to a
lesser extent there is a similar seasonal element to RefrigerantSide  Service revenues as refrigerant sales. The Company
is continuing to assess its RefrigerantSide  Service revenues seasonal trend. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of eliminating the
existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU
2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies certain aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including income tax requirements, forfeitures, and presentation on the balance sheet and
the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and
for the interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU
2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities
that arise from leases. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP. The recognition,
measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee also have not significantly changed from
previous GAAP. Under ASU 2016-02, a lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments
(the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases
with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases
generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

For finance leases, a lessee is required
to do the following: (1) Recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease
payments, in the statement of financial position; (2) Recognize interest on the lease liability separately from amortization of
the right-of-use asset in the statement of comprehensive income; and (3) Classify repayments of the principal portion of the lease
liability within financing activities and payments of interest on the lease liability and variable lease payments within operating
activities in the statement of cash flows. 

For operating leases, a lessee is required
to do the following (1) Recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease
payments, in the statement of financial position; (2) Recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is
allocated over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis; and (3) Classify all cash payments within operating activities
in the statement of cash flows. 

In
transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented
using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients
that entities may elect to apply. These practical expedients relate to the identification and classification of leases that commenced
before the effective date, initial direct costs for leases that commenced before the effective date, and the ability to use hindsight
in evaluating lessee options to extend or terminate a lease or to purchase the underlying asset. An entity that elects to apply
the practical expedients will, in effect, continue to account for leases that commence before the effective date in accordance
with previous GAAP unless the lease is modified, except that lessees are required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability for all operating leases at each reporting date based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments that
were tracked and disclosed under previous GAAP. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this Update is permitted.
 The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred
tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in ASU
2015-17 apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred
tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected.
For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2015-17 are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as
of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company does not expect this adoption to have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

Interest Rate Sensitivity  

We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations
in interest rates on the PNC Facility. The PNC Facility is a $50,000,000 secured facility. Interest on loans under the PNC Facility
is payable in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to loans bearing interest at the domestic rate (as set forth
in the PNC Facility) and at the end of each interest period with respect to loans bearing interest at the Eurodollar rate (as set
forth in the PNC Facility) or, for Eurodollar rate loans with an interest period in excess of three months, at the earlier of (a)
each three months from the commencement of such Eurodollar rate loan or (b) the end of the interest period. Interest charges with
respect to loans are computed on the actual principal amount of loans outstanding during the month at a rate per annum equal to
(A) with respect to Domestic Rate Loans (as defined in the PNC Facility), the sum of the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the
PNC Facility) plus one half of one percent (.50%) and (B) with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans, the sum of the Eurodollar Rate
plus two and one quarter of one percent (2.25%). The outstanding balance on the PNC Facility as of September 30, 2016 was $19,022,209.
Future interest rate changes on our borrowing under the PNC Facility may have an impact on our consolidated results of operations. 

Refrigerant Market  

We are also exposed to market risk from
fluctuations in the demand, price and availability of refrigerants. To the extent that the Company is unable to source sufficient
quantities of refrigerants or is unable to obtain refrigerants on commercially reasonable terms, or experiences a decline in demand
and/or price for refrigerants sold by the Company, the Company could realize reductions in revenue from refrigerant sales, or inventory
write-downs, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company, under the supervision and
with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Furthermore,
the Company s controls and procedures can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a
timely basis. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September
30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings  

For information regarding pending legal
matters, refer to the Legal Proceedings Section in Part I, Item 3 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. There have been no material changes to such matters during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 6 - Exhibits  

Exhibit   
  Number    
       
       Description    

10.1 
       
     Agreement dated September 5, 2016 between Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Nat Krishnamurti (1) *  
 
     31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Interim Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 

Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule
        405 of Regulation S-T 
         ______________ 

(1) 
       
     Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed
    September 9, 2016.  

(*) 
       
     Denotes Management Compensation Plan, agreement or arrangement.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HUDSON TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ Kevin J. Zugibe 
       
      November 4,    

2016   

Kevin J. Zugibe 
       
      Date   

Chairman and  

Chief Executive Officer  

By: 
     /s/ Nat Krishnamurti 
       
      November 4,    

2016   

Nat Krishnamurti  
       
      Date   

Chief Financial Officer  

Index to Exhibits   

Exhibit   
  Number    
       
       Description    

10.1 
       
     Agreement dated September 5, 2016 between Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Nat Krishnamurti (1) *  
 
     31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Interim Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 

Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule
        405 of Regulation S-T 
         ______________ 

(1) 
       
     Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed
    September 9, 2016.  

(*) 
       
     Denotes Management Compensation Plan, agreement or arrangement.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451122_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1:  

Hudson Technologies, Inc.  

  Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

I, Kevin J. Zugibe, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hudson Technologies, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:     November 4, 2016  

/s/ Kevin J. Zugibe  

Kevin J. Zugibe  

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451122_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2:  

Hudson Technologies, Inc.  

  Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

I, Nat Krishnamurti, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hudson Technologies, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:    November 4, 2016  

/s/ Nat Krishnamurti  

Nat Krishnamurti   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451122_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1:  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hudson
Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kevin J. Zugibe, as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Kevin J. Zugibe  

Kevin J. Zugibe  

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451122_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hudson
Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Nat Krishnamurti , as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Nat Krishnamurti  

Nat Krishnamurti 

Chief Financial Officer   

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hdsn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hdsn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hdsn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hdsn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hdsn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hdsn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

