<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_817720_0001564590-16-027076_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6297715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84784</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256684</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1338682</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2352212</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1470223</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027076.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102182914
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160924
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNAPTICS Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000817720
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				770118518
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49602
		FILM NUMBER:		161969352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 MCKAY DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131-3326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-904-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 MCKAY DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131-3326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNAPTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027076.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 syna-10q_20160924.htm
 10-Q

syna-10q_20160924.htm

Fincome segmentc  
   
 UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 24, 2016  
          TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from              to             . 
 Commission file number 000-49602  
   
 SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

77-0118518  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

1251 McKay Drive  
 San Jose, California 95131  
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  
 (408) 904-1100  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No         
 Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at October 28, 2016:   34,899,756   

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED   
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 24, 2016  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

Part I. Financial Information    

Item 1.  

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited):    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

19  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

27  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

27  

Part II. Other Information    

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

28  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

29  

Signatures    

30  

PA  RT I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  
 SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in millions, except par value and share amounts)  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  

3 

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per share data)  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  

4 

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (in millions)  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  

5 

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (in millions)  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 6 

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (unaudited)  
   
 1. Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. However, certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to SEC rules and regulations. In our opinion, the financial statements include all adjustments, which are of a normal and recurring nature and necessary for the fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future period. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2016.  
 The consolidated financial statements include our financial statements and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.  
 Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the last Saturday in June. Our fiscal 2017 and 2016 years are 52-week periods ending on June 24, 2017 and June 25, 2016, respectively. The quarterly fiscal periods presented in this report were 13-week periods for the three months ended September 24, 2016 and September 26, 2015, respectively. For simplicity, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been shown as ending on calendar quarter end dates as of and for all periods presented, unless otherwise indicated.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, cost of revenue, inventories, loss on purchase commitments, product warranty, accrued liabilities, share-based compensation costs, provision for income taxes, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, uncertain tax positions, goodwill, intangible assets, investments, contingent consideration liability and loss contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, applicable laws and regulations, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Foreign Exchange Contracts  
 The U.S. dollar is our functional and reporting currency.  We remeasure our monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in the functional currency into U.S. dollar equivalents at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date.  We measure and record non-monetary balance sheet accounts at the historical rate in effect at the date of transaction.  We remeasure foreign currency expenses at the weighted average exchange rate in the month that the transaction occurred.  Our foreign currency transactions and remeasurement gains and losses are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of income, and resulted in net losses of $0.1 million and $1.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  
 We enter into foreign currency contracts to manage exposure related to certain foreign currency obligations.  The foreign currency contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and, accordingly, are not subject to hedge accounting.  In fiscal year 2015, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Japanese yen, using U.S. dollars. As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding foreign currency forward contracts.  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 we recognized net gains of zero and $1.7 million, respectively, on the foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective 
   In October 2016, the  Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB,  issued an accounting standard update , or ASU,  on Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which reduces the complexity in the accounting standards by allowing the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. Historically, recognition of the income tax consequence was not recognized until the asset was sold to an outside party. This  
 7 

amendment sh  ould be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly t  o retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. There are no new disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for us     beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019  , and e  arly option is permitted  .    We are evaluating the impact of this AS  U on our   condensed   co  nsolidated financial statements  .  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on Statement of Cash Flows-Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this ASU on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU on Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The ASU will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when the new standard becomes effective, and requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU is effective for us in our fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.  We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of the ASU on our condensed consolidated financial statements and considering additional disclosure requirements.  The new standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.  We have not yet selected a transition method or determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU for Compensation-Stock Compensation.  This update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The ASU will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early adoption permitted.  We are evaluating the effects of adoption of this ASU on our  condensed consolidated  financial statements.   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on Leases. This update requires organizations that lease assets with lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases on their balance sheets. It also requires new qualitative and quantitative disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The new standard will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effects of adoption of this ASU on our  condensed consolidated  financial statements. 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU on Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, which provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in our first quarter of fiscal 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effects of the adoption of this ASU on our  condensed consolidated  financial statements. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU that requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value when the first-in, first-out, or average cost method is used. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The ASU will become effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early adoption permitted.  We are evaluating the effects of the adoption of this ASU on our  condensed consolidated  financial statements. 

2. Revenue Recognition  
 We recognize revenue from product sales when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title has transferred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We accrue for estimated sales returns, incentives, and other allowances at the time we recognize revenue. Our products contain embedded firmware and software, which together with, or consisting of, our ASIC chip, deliver the essential functionality of our products and, as such, software revenue recognition guidance is not applicable. Our sales to distributors are made under agreements that generally do not provide for price adjustments after purchase and revenue recognition and provide for only limited return rights under product warranty. Revenue on these sales is recognized in the same manner as sales to our non-distributor customers.  When sales rebates and price allowances are applicable they are estimated and recorded in the period the related revenue is recognized. 

8 

3. Net Income Per Share   
 The computation of basic and diluted net income per share was as follows (in millions, except per share data):  

Our basic net income per share amounts for each period presented have been computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding over the period measured. Our diluted net income per share amounts for each period presented include the weighted average effect of potentially dilutive shares. We use the  treasury stock  method to determine the dilutive effect of our stock options, deferred stock units, or DSUs, and market stock units, or MSUs.  
 Dilutive net income per share amounts do not include the potential weighted average effect of 1,402,302 and 535,708 shares of common stock related to certain share-based awards that were outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These share-based awards were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because their effect would have been antidilutive.  

4. Fair Value  
 Financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy, consisted of the following (in millions):  

In our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, money market balances were included in cash and cash equivalents, and auction rate securities, or ARS investments, were included in non-current other assets.  
 There were no changes in fair value of our Level 3 financial assets as of September 30, 2016.  There were no transfers in or out of our Level 1, 2, or 3 assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 The fair values of our accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying values because of the short-term nature of those instruments. Intangible assets, property and equipment, and goodwill are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis if impairment is indicated. The interest rate on our bank debt is variable, which is subject to change from time to time to reflect a market interest rate; accordingly, the carrying value of our bank debt approximates fair value.  

5. Auction Rate Securities  
 Our ARS investments, which are included in non-current other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, have failed to settle in auctions beginning in 2007.  These investments are not liquid, and in the event we need to access these funds, we will not be able to do so without a loss of principal, unless redeemed by the issuers or a future auction on these investments is successful.  
 9 

As there are currently no active markets for our various failed ARS investments, we have estimated the fair value of these investments as   of September 30, 2016 using a trinomial discounted cash flow analysis. The analysis considered, among others, the following factors:   

the collateral underlying the security investments;      

the creditworthiness of the counterparty;      

the timing of expected future cash flows;      

the probability of a successful auction in a future period;      

the underlying structure of each investment;      

the present value of future principal and interest payments discounted at rates considered to reflect current market conditions;      

a consideration of the probabilities of default, a successful future auction, or redemption at par for each period; and      

estimates of the recovery rates in the event of default for each investment.      

 When possible, our failed ARS investments were compared to other observable market data or securities with similar characteristics. Our estimate of the fair value of our ARS investments could fluctuate from period to period depending on future market conditions.  
 We have ARS investments with a fair value of $7.1 million maturing in fiscal year 2018 and $1.5 million fair value with no maturity date. All of our ARS investments are below investment grade.  
 The ARS investments we held as of September 30, 2016, including the original cost basis, other-than-temporary impairment included in retained earnings, new cost basis, unrealized gain, and fair value, consisted of the following (in millions):  

(1)   
 
 Other-than-temporary impairment in retained earnings is partially offset by cumulative accretion of $4.7 million on non-current investments.  Accretion is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of income as non-cash interest income.    

 The ARS investments we held as of June 30, 2016, including the original cost basis, other-than-temporary impairment included in retained earnings, new cost basis, unrealized gain, and fair value, consisted of the following (in millions):  

(1)   
 
 Other-than-temporary impairment in retained earnings is partially offset by cumulative accretion of $4.4 million on non-current investments.  Accretion is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of income as non-cash interest income.    

10 

We have accounted for our ARS investm  ents as non-current as we are not able to reasonably determine when the ARS markets will recover or be restructured.  Based on our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents, our expected operating cash flows, and our other sources of cash, we do not   intend to sell the ARS investments and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell our ARS investments before the recovery of the amortized cost basis.   

6. Inventories  
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market and consisted of the following (in millions):  

We record a write-down, if necessary, to reduce the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value.  The effect of these write-downs is to establish a new cost basis in the related inventory, which we do not subsequently write up.  We also record a liability and charge to cost of revenue for estimated losses on inventory we are obligated to purchase from our contract manufacturers when such losses become probable from customer delays, order cancellations, or other factors.   
   
 In October 2016, we were notified by a customer that they have cancelled production of a smartphone model, which contains certain customer specific parts, due to safety issues.  Due to the lack of forecasted demand, we have recorded additional inventory charges of approximately $2.8 million for our quarter ended September 30, 2016, which has been reflected in cost of revenue. 

7. Acquired Intangibles  
 The following table summarizes the life, the gross carrying value and the related accumulated amortization of our acquired intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 (in millions):  

The total amortization expense for the acquired intangible assets was $16.7 million and $19.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Amortization expense was included in our condensed consolidated statements of income in cost of revenue and acquired intangibles amortization.  
 11 

The following table presents expected annual fiscal year aggregate amortization expense as of S  eptember 30, 2016 (in millions):   

8. Other Accrued Liabilities  
 Other accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):  

9. Indemnifications, Contingencies and Legal Proceedings 
 Indemnifications  
 In connection with certain agreements, we are obligated to indemnify the counterparty against third party claims alleging infringement of certain intellectual property rights by us. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. However, historical costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant. We have not recorded any liability in our condensed consolidated financial statements for such indemnification obligations.  
 Contingencies  
 We have in the past and may in the future receive notices from third parties that claim our products infringe their intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that our technologies and products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.  
 Any infringement claims, with or without merit, could result in significant litigation costs and diversion of management and financial resources, including the payment of damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
 Legal Proceedings  
 In October 2015, Amkor Technology, or Amkor, filed a complaint against us alleging infringement of intellectual property rights and various other claims. In November 2015, we filed an indemnification claim against the former stockholders and option holders of Validity Sensors, Inc., or Validity, to secure our rights under the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between us and Validity. Pursuant to the Agreement, we can offset costs, damages and settlements against the contingent consideration earnout balance for certain of the claims brought by Amkor.  Accordingly, we have withheld and reserved the remaining contingent consideration earnout balance of $12.7 million and have classified the reserve balance as a current acquisition-related liability in our condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
   In September 2015, IIX Inc., or IIX, filed a complaint against us demanding payment of certain fees and costs plus interest allegedly due to IIX under a memorandum of understanding, or MOU, entered into between IIX and Renesas SP Drivers, Inc., or RSP, as well as litigation costs. In September 2015, we tendered a claim for indemnification from Renesas Electronics Corporation, or  
 12 

Renesas, on the basis that the IIX claim arises from a breach of Renesas  obligations under the Stock Purchase Agreement that we executed with Renesa  s, among others, in June 2014.  Accordingly, we have retained  648 million (approximately   $6.4   million) of the   indemnification holdback liability and have classified the reserve balance as a non-current acquisition-related liability, as final settlement of   the IIX complaint is not expected to occur within the next twelve months  .  

10. Debt  
 We have a credit agreement, or the Credit Agreement, in place with the lenders party thereto, or the Lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or the Administrative Agent, as administrative agent for the Lenders.  
 The Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) a revolving credit facility of up to $250 million, which includes a $20 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $20 million sublimit for swingline loans, and (ii) a term loan facility in an amount of $150 million. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, we may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, request increases in the revolving credit facility commitments and additional term loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to $100 million to the extent existing or new lenders agree to provide such increased or additional commitments, as applicable. We borrowed $150 million under the term loan facility and $100 million under the revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the RSP acquisition purchase price. Debt issuance costs were approximately $5.0 million, which are being amortized over 60 months.  
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the material domestic subsidiaries of our company, subject to certain exceptions (such material subsidiaries, together with our company, collectively, the Credit Parties). The obligations of the Credit Parties under the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents delivered in connection therewith are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the existing and future personal property of the Credit Parties, including, without limitation, 65% of the voting capital stock of certain of the Credit Parties  direct foreign subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions.  
 On October 20, 2015, we entered into a Commitment Increase Agreement and First Amendment to Credit Agreement, or the First Amendment, with the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders, which amends the Credit Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the First Amendment, we exercised our right under the Credit Agreement to request a $100 million increase to the aggregate revolving credit commitment thereunder, for total aggregate revolving credit commitments of $250 million. 
 The First Amendment also amends the Credit Agreement by (i) reducing commitment fee rates set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin; (ii) providing that we may, from time to time, request incremental increases from the Lenders in the aggregate revolving and term commitments by an amount not exceeding $100 million, such increases to be in addition to the increase provided by the First Amendment; and (iii) making certain other administrative changes, all as set forth in the First Amendment. 
 The revolving credit facility and term loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at our election of a Base Rate plus an applicable margin or LIBOR plus an applicable margin. Swingline loans bear interest at a Base Rate plus an applicable margin. The Base Rate is a floating rate that is the greater of the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points, or LIBOR plus 100 basis points. The applicable margin is based on a sliding scale which ranges from zero to 100 basis points for Base Rate loans and 100 basis points to 200 basis points for LIBOR loans.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the interest rates on our borrowings ranged from approximately 1.85% to 1.88%. 
 The term loan facility requires repayment over five years with nineteen quarterly principal payments which began in the three months ended March 31, 2015.  Each of the first four quarterly principal payments were $1.9 million, each of the following quarterly principal payments are $3.8 million, and the final principal payment of $90.0 million will be due on September 30, 2019. The revolving credit facility requires payment in full at the end of five years on September 30, 2019. We are also required to pay a commitment fee for any unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which ranges from 0.25% to 0.45% per annum. Interest on the term loan facility and revolving credit facility is payable quarterly.  As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of the debt owed under the Credit Agreement was $231.3 million.       
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will continue to bear interest at a variable interest rate based on LIBOR or a Base Rate, in each case plus the Applicable Margin.  The Applicable Margin is based on our consolidated total leverage ratio pursuant to a pricing grid set forth in the Credit Agreement.   
   Under the Credit Agreement, there are restrictive operating covenants, including three financial covenants which limit the consolidated total leverage ratio, or leverage ratio, the consolidated interest coverage ratio, or interest coverage ratio, and places a restriction on the amount of capital expenditures that may be made in any fiscal year. The leverage ratio is the ratio of debt as of the measurement date to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for the four consecutive quarters  
 13 

ending with the quarter of measurement. The leverage ratio must not exceed 2.50 to 1.0 during the first two years of the agre  ement, and 2.0 to 1.0 during the last three years of the agreement. The interest coverage ratio is EBITDA to interest expense for the four consecutive quarters ending with the quarter of measurement. The interest coverage ratio must not be less than 3.50 t  o 1.0 during the term of the Credit Agreement.  As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the restrictive operating covenants.   

11. Share-Based Compensation  
 Share-based compensation and the related tax benefit recognized in our condensed consolidated statements of income were as follows (in millions):  

Historically, we have issued new shares in connection with our share-based compensation plans, however, treasury shares were also available for issuance as of September 30, 2016. Any additional shares repurchased under our common stock repurchase program would be available for issuance under our share-based compensation plans.  
 Stock Options  
 Stock option activity, including stock options granted, exercised, and forfeited, weighted average exercise prices for stock options outstanding and exercisable, and the aggregate intrinsic value were as follows:  

The aggregate intrinsic value was determined using the closing price of our common stock on September 23, 2016 of $56.67 and excludes the impact of stock options that were not in-the-money.  
 Deferred Stock Units  
 DSU activity, including DSUs granted, delivered, and forfeited, and the balance and aggregate intrinsic value of DSUs was as follows:  

14 

The aggregate intrinsic value was determined using the closing price of our common stock on September 23, 2016 of $56.67.  
 Of the shares delivered, 24,429 shares valued at $1.4 million were withheld to meet statutory minimum tax withholding requirements.  
 Market Stock Units  
 Our Amended and Restated 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan provides for the grant of MSU awards to our employees, consultants, and directors. An MSU is a promise to deliver shares of our common stock at a future date based on the achievement of market-based performance requirements in accordance with the terms of the MSU grant agreement.  
 We have granted MSUs to our executive officers, which are designed to vest in three tranches with the target quantity for each tranche equal to one-third of the total MSU grant. The first tranche vests based on a one-year performance period; the second tranche vests based on a two-year performance period; and the third tranche vests based on a three-year performance period. Performance is measured based on the achievement of a specified level of total stockholder return, or TSR, relative to the TSR of the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, or SOX Index. The potential payout ranges from 0% to 200% of the grant target quantity and is adjusted on a two-to-one ratio based on our TSR performance relative to the SOX Index TSR performance using the following formula:  
 (100% + ([Synaptics TSR SOX Index TSR] x 2))  
 Beginning with the MSU grants in fiscal 2015, the payout for the first tranche and the second tranche will not exceed 100% and the payout for the third tranche will be calculated based on the total target quantity for the entire grant multiplied by the payout factor, which will then be reduced by shares issued for the first tranche and the second tranche.  
 Delivery of shares earned, if any, will take place on the dates provided in the applicable MSU grant agreement, assuming the grantee is still an employee, consultant, or director of our company at the end of the applicable performance period. On the delivery date, we withhold shares to cover statutory minimum tax withholding requirements and deliver a net quantity of shares to the employee, consultant, or director after such withholding. Until delivery of shares, the grantee has no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares underlying the MSU award.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, MSU activity, including MSUs granted, delivered, and forfeited, and the balance and aggregate intrinsic value of MSUs as of September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

We value the MSUs using the Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant and amortize the compensation expense over the three-year performance and service period on a straight-line basis. The unrecognized share-based compensation cost of our outstanding MSUs was approximately $8.2 million as of September 30, 2016, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 0.7 years.  
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 There were no employee stock purchase plan purchases during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016.  

12. Income Taxes  
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. We consider the operating earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the United States.  Therefore, no provision has been made for the federal, state, or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.  
 15 

The provision for income taxes recorded in interim periods is recorded by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income before   provision for income taxes, excluding the effects of significant unusual or infrequently occurring discrete items.  The tax effects of discrete items are recorded in the same period that the related discrete items are reported and results in a difference   between the actual effective tax rate and the estimated annual effective tax rate.   
 The provision for income taxes of $1.0 million and $9.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, represented estimated federal, foreign, and state income taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016, diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate primarily because of foreign income taxed at lower tax rates and research credits, partially offset by foreign withholding taxes, nondeductible amortization, and the impact of accounting for qualified stock options.  The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015, diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate, primarily because of foreign income taxed at lower tax rates partially offset by foreign withholding taxes, nondeductible amortization, contingent consideration and net unrecognized tax benefits associated with qualified stock options.   
 The total liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions increased $0.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 to $13.7 million from $13.4 million at June 30, 2016, and was included in other long-term liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. If recognized, the total gross unrecognized tax benefits would reduce the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 was $1.2 million; this balance decreased $0.2 million from June 30, 2016. We classify interest and penalties as components of income tax expense. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits may change within the next twelve months and an estimate of the range of possible changes may include an increase in our liability of up to $0.8 million. 
 In July 2015, the U.S. Tax Court issued an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner related to a treasury regulation addressing the treatment of stock-based compensation in a cost-sharing arrangement with a related party.  The U.S. Department of the Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement in its regulations related to the treatment of stock-based compensation.  The Commissioner filed an appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in February 2016.  While we determined no adjustment to our financial statements is required due to the uncertainties with respect to the ultimate resolution, we will continue to monitor developments in this case. 
 Our major tax jurisdictions are the United States, Hong Kong SAR, and Japan. From fiscal 2009 onward, we remain subject to examination by one or more of these jurisdictions.  

13. Segment, Customers, and Geographic Information  
 We operate in one segment: the development, marketing, and sale of semiconductor products used in electronic devices and products. We generate our revenue from two broad product categories: the mobile product market and the personal computing, or PC, product market. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, and to contract manufacturers that provide manufacturing services to OEMs.  
 Net revenue within geographic areas based on our customers  locations for the periods presented was as follows (in millions):  

16 

Net revenue from our customers for each group of similar products was as follows (in millions):   

Net revenue from major customers as a percentage of total net revenue for the periods presented was as follows:  

We extend credit based on evaluation of a customer s financial condition, and we generally do not require collateral. Major customer accounts receivable as a percentage of total accounts receivable were as follows:  

14. Comprehensive Income  
 Our comprehensive income generally consists of net income plus the effect of unrealized gains and losses on our investments, primarily due to temporary changes in market value of certain of our ARS investments. In addition, we recognize the noncredit portion of other-than-temporary impairment on debt securities in other comprehensive income. We recognize foreign currency remeasurement adjustments and transaction gains and losses in our condensed consolidated statements of income as the U.S. dollar is the functional currency of our foreign entities. 

17 

In June 2016, our management approved, committed to and initiated plans to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operational activities to align the Company s cost structure consistent with its revenue levels.  Restructuring costs related to the June 2016 restructuring activities were recorded to the restructuring costs line item within our condensed consolidated statements of income.  These costs primarily related to severance costs for a reduction in headcount and facility consolidation and related costs.  The total estimated charges are $11.0 million to $11.5 million for severance costs and $3.5 million to $4.5 million for lease cancellation and related charges.  The remainder of restructuring charges are expected to be recognized in the remainder of fiscal 2017 for severance and related costs, as well as facility consolidation actions.  The restructuring liability activities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 were as follows (in millions):  

Since the fourth quarter of 2016, we have incurred a total of $5.3 million in restructuring charges.  These charges include $4.5 million related to employee severance and benefits arrangements and $0.8 million in facility consolidation and related charges. 

18 

IT  EM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 Forward-Looking Statements and Factors That May Affect Results  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 24, 2016 (this  Report ) contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). For ease of presentation, this Report shows reporting periods ending on calendar quarter end dates as of and for all periods presented, unless otherwise indicated. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business, and can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements may include words such as  expect,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   estimate,   plan,   target,   strategy,   continue,   may,   will,   should,  variations of such words, or other words and terms of similar meaning. All forward-looking statements reflect our best judgment and are based on several factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the risks as identified in the  Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Business  sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2016, and other risks as identified from time to time in our SEC reports. Forward-looking statements are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we do not have, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to publicly release any updates or any changes in our expectations, or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, or other business combinations that had not been completed as of the date of this filing.  
 Statements made in this Report, unless the context otherwise requires, include the use of the terms  us,   we,   our,  the  Company  and  Synaptics  to refer to Synaptics Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Overview  
 We are a leading worldwide developer and supplier of custom-designed human interface product solutions that enable people to interact more easily and intuitively with a wide variety of mobile computing, communications, entertainment, and other electronic devices. We currently generate revenue from the markets for smartphones, tablets, personal computer, or PC, products, primarily notebook computers, and other select electronic devices, including devices in automobiles, with our custom human interface solutions.  Every solution we deliver either contains or consist of our touch-, display driver- or fingerprint authentication-based semiconductor solutions, which includes our chip, customer-specific firmware, and software. 
 Many of our customers have manufacturing operations in China, and many of our OEM customers have established design centers in Asia. With our expanding global presence, including offices in Armenia, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, and the United States, we are well positioned to provide local sales, operational, and engineering support services to our existing customers, as well as potential new customers, on a global basis.  
 Our manufacturing operations are based on a variable cost model in which we outsource all of our production requirements and generally drop ship our products directly to our customers from our contract manufacturers  facilities, thereby reducing the need for significant capital expenditures and allowing us to minimize our investment in inventories. This approach requires us to work closely with our contract manufacturers and semiconductor foundries to ensure adequate production capacity to meet our forecasted volume requirements. We provide our contract manufacturers with six-month rolling forecasts and issue purchase orders based on our anticipated requirements for the next 90 days. We do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our contract manufacturers. We use third-party wafer manufacturers to supply wafers and third-party packaging manufacturers to package our proprietary ASICs.  In certain cases, we rely on a single source or a limited number of suppliers to provide other key components of our products. Our cost of revenue includes all costs associated with the production of our products, including materials; logistics; amortization of intangibles related to acquired developed technology, backlog, and supplier arrangements; manufacturing, assembly, and test costs paid to third-party manufacturers; and related overhead costs associated with our indirect manufacturing operations personnel. Additionally, we charge all warranty costs, losses on inventory purchase obligations, and write-downs to reduce the carrying value of obsolete, slow moving, and non-usable inventory to net realizable value, to cost of revenue.  
 Our gross margin generally reflects the combination of the added value we bring to our OEM customers  products by meeting their custom design requirements and the impact of our ongoing cost-improvement programs. These cost-improvement programs include reducing materials and component costs, and implementing design and process improvements.  Our newly introduced products may have lower margins than our more mature products, which have realized greater benefits associated with our ongoing cost-improvement programs.  As a result, new product introductions may initially negatively impact our gross margin. 
 19 

Our research and development expenses include costs for supplies and materials related to product dev  elopment  ,   as well as the engineering costs incurred to design ASICs and human interface solutions for OEM customers prior to and after their commitment to incorporate those solutions into their products.    We   are   continuing   our c  ommitment to the technologic  al and design innovation required to maintain our position in our existing markets, and to adapt our existing technologies or develop new technologies for new markets.   
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses include expenses related to sales, marketing, and administrative personnel; internal sales and outside sales representatives  commissions; market and usability research; outside legal, accounting, and consulting costs; and other marketing and sales activities.  
 Restructuring costs primarily reflect severance costs and facilities costs related to restructuring of operations to reduce operating costs.  These headcount-related costs and facilities costs were in cost of revenue, research and development, and selling, general and administrative expenses.  
 Contingent consideration is a cost associated with the acquisition of a business in which an earn-out arrangement is entered into between us and a selling party. We entered into earn-out arrangements in connection with our acquisitions of both Pacinian Corporation and Validity. The earn-out arrangements were designed to deliver more purchase price consideration to the selling parties, provided the acquired business delivers on the negotiated earn-out terms.  Both earn-out arrangements are now complete; therefore, we do not have any change in the consolidated statement of income for contingent consideration during fiscal 2017.  The remaining obligation represents amounts we have not paid and have retained, subject to resolution of a legal dispute (see  Legal Proceedings  under Note 9 to the financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2016.   
 20 

Results of Operations   
 Certain of the data used in our condensed consolidated statements of income for the periods indicated, together with comparative absolute and percentage changes in these amounts, were as follows (in millions, except percentages):  

Certain of the data used in our condensed consolidated statements of income presented here as a percentage of net revenue for the periods indicated were as follows:  

21 

Net Revenue   
 Net revenue was $386.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $470.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $83.8 million, or 17.8%. Of this net revenue, $331.3 million, or 85.8% was from mobile product applications and $54.9 million, or 14.2%, was from PC product applications. The decrease in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was attributable to a decrease in net revenue from mobile product applications as well as PC product applications. Net revenue from mobile product applications decreased as a result of lower unit sales and lower average selling prices.  Net revenue from PC product applications decreased as a result of lower unit sales, partially offset by higher average selling prices.  
 Gross Margin  
 Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 32.0%, or $123.4 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with 34.9%, or $163.8 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The 290 basis point decrease in gross margin was primarily due to product mix.  
 We continually introduce new product solutions, many of which have life cycles of less than one year. Further, as we sell our technology solutions in designs that are generally unique or specific to an OEM customer s application, gross margin varies on a product-by-product basis, making our cumulative gross margin a blend of our product specific designs. As a virtual manufacturer, our gross margin percentage is generally not materially impacted by our shipment volume. We charge losses on inventory purchase obligations and write-down to reduce the carrying value of obsolete, slow moving, and non-usable inventory to net realizable value (including warranty costs) to cost of revenue.  
 Operating Expenses  
 Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses decreased $7.1 million to $73.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in research and development expenses primarily reflected a $3.6 million decrease in non-employee services and a $3.3 million decrease in infrastructure related costs.   
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased $5.6 million to $34.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily reflected a $2.2 million decrease in personnel-related costs, which included a reduction in headcount due to a restructuring of operations to reduce operating costs, partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation costs; a $1.3 million decrease in the foreign currency transaction and remeasurement losses; a $0.8 million decrease in non-employee services; and a $0.7 million decrease in travel and related expenses.  
 Acquired intangibles amortization.  Acquired intangibles amortization reflects the amortization of intangibles acquired through recent acquisitions. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
 Change in Contingent Consideration . Our contingent consideration decreased $2.7 million to zero for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The earn-out periods related to the contingent consideration ended in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.   
 Restructuring costs.   Restructuring costs of $5.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 reflect employee severance costs and facilities consolidation costs related to the restructuring of operations to reduce operating costs.  These headcount-related costs included people in operations, research and development, and selling, general and administrative functions. We expect to incur additional restructuring costs in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, which will include additional severance costs and facility consolidation costs.  Restructuring costs of $1.9 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflect severance costs related to restructuring of the operations related to the RSP acquisition.  See Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
 Provision for Income Taxes  
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. We consider the operating earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the United States.  Therefore, no provision has been made for the federal, state, or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.  
   The provision for income taxes recorded in interim periods is recorded by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income before provision for income taxes, excluding the effects of significant unusual or infrequently occurring discrete  
 22 

items.  The tax effects of discrete items are recorded in the same period that the related discrete items are reported and results in a difference   between the actual effective tax rate and the estimated annual effective tax rate.   
 The provision for income taxes of $1.0 million and $9.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, represented estimated federal, foreign, and state income taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate primarily because of foreign income taxed at lower tax rates and research credits, partially offset by foreign withholding taxes, nondeductible amortization, and the impact of accounting for qualified stock options.  The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015, diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate, primarily because of foreign income taxed at lower tax rates partially offset by foreign withholding taxes, nondeductible amortization, contingent consideration and the impact of accounting for qualified stock options.   
 In July 2015, the U.S. Tax Court issued an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner related to a treasury regulation addressing the treatment of stock-based compensation in a cost-sharing arrangement with a related party.  The U.S. Department of the Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement in its regulations related to the treatment of stock-based compensation.  The Commissioner filed an appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in February 2016.  While we determined no adjustment to our financial statements is required due to the uncertainties with respect to the ultimate resolution, we will continue to monitor developments in this case. 
   
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Our cash and cash equivalents were $301.4 million as of September 30, 2016 compared with $352.2 million as of June 30, 2016, a decrease of $50.8 million.  The decrease primarily reflected the combination of, $25.0 million used to repurchase 508,063 shares of our common stock, $14.3 million used for the investment in a direct financing lease, $7.5 million for the payment of debt, and $5.7 million used for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by $2.0 million in proceeds from issuance of shares. We consider earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely invested overseas and have made no provision for income or withholding taxes that may result from a future repatriation of those earnings. As of September 30, 2016, $167.3 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the United States, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. federal, state, and foreign taxes to repatriate these funds.  
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities.  Operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 did not generate any net cash compared with $12.3 million of net cash generated during the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the primary operating activities were net income of $3.7 million, plus adjustments for non-cash charges of $34.2 million, offset by a $37.9 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to a $19.3 million decrease in accounts payable, a $12.8 million decrease in acquisition-related obligations, a $9.3 million decrease in accrued compensation, and a $6.5 million increase in inventory, partially offset by a $13.1 million decrease in accounts receivable, net. From June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016, our days sales outstanding decreased from 70 days to 56 days and our annual inventory turns increased from six to seven.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income of $23.8 million, plus adjustments for non-cash charges of $38.5 million, and a $50.0 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to a $24.5 million increase in accounts receivable, a $14.0 million decrease in accounts payable, a $9.6 million decrease in acquisition related obligations, a $6.3 million increase in inventory and an $8.6 million decrease in income taxes payable; partially offset by a $9.2 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets.  
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities.  Cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of $14.3 million for the investment in a direct financing lease and $5.7 million for purchase of property and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of $9.9 million for the purchases of property and equipment and $4.4 million for the purchase of intangible assets, partially offset by $0.6 million in proceeds from sales of investments.   
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities.  Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $31.3 million, compared with $124.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to $25.0 million used to repurchase 508,063 shares of our common stock and $7.5 million for the payment of debt.  Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to $125.0 million used to repurchase 1,668,713 shares of our common stock.  
   Common Stock Repurchase Program.  As of September 30, 2016, our board has cumulatively authorized $1.15 billion for our common stock repurchase program, which will expire in July 2018. The program authorizes us to purchase our common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending upon market conditions and other factors. The number of shares purchased and the timing of purchases is based on the level of our cash balances, general business and market conditions, and other   
 23 

factors, inclu  ding alternative investment opportunities. Common stock purchased under this program is held as treasury stock. From April 2005 through September 30, 2016, we purchased   24,828,070   shares of our common stock in the open market for an aggregate cost of $  917.  3   million. Treasury shares purchased prior to August 28, 2008 were not subject to the stock split on that date. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased   508,063   shares of our common stock for a total cost of   $25.0   million. As of Sep  tember 30, 2016, the remaining available authorization under our common stock repurchase program is $  232.7   million.   
 Bank Credit Facility.  On September 30, 2014, we entered into the Credit Agreement, with the Lenders, and Wells Fargo, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.  On October 20, 2015, we entered into a Commitment Increase Agreement and First Amendment to Credit Agreement, or the First Amendment, with the Administrative Agent and each of the lenders party thereto, which amends the Credit Agreement, among us, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.  
 Pursuant to the First Amendment, we exercised our right under the Credit Agreement to request a $100 million increase to the aggregate revolving credit commitment thereunder, for total aggregate revolving credit commitments of $250 million, and the Lenders under the Credit Agreement agreed to provide such increased revolving credit commitments pursuant to the terms of the First Amendment. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) a revolving credit facility of up to $150 million, subsequently amended and increased in October 2015 to $250 million, which includes a $20 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $20 million sublimit for swingline loans, and (ii) a term loan facility in an amount of $150 million. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, we may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, request increases in the revolving credit facility commitments and additional term loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to $100 million to the extent existing or new lenders agree to provide such increased or additional commitments, as applicable. At the initial closing under the Credit Agreement, we borrowed $150 million under the term loan facility and $100 million under the revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the RSP acquisition purchase price. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of the debt was $231.3 million.  
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the material domestic subsidiaries of our company, subject to certain exceptions (such material subsidiaries, together with our company, collectively, the Credit Parties). The obligations of the Credit Parties under the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents delivered in connection therewith are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the existing and future personal property of the Credit Parties, including, without limitation, 65% of the voting capital stock of certain of the Credit Parties  direct foreign subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions.  
 Under our Credit Agreement, the revolving credit facility and term loans bear interest at our election of a Base Rate plus an applicable margin or LIBOR plus an applicable margin. Swingline loans bear interest at a Base Rate plus an applicable margin. The Base Rate is the greater of the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points, or LIBOR plus 100 basis points. The applicable margin is based on a sliding scale which ranges from zero to 100 basis points for Base Rate loans and 100 basis points to 200 basis points for LIBOR loans.  
 The term loan facility requires repayment over five years with nineteen quarterly principal payments beginning in the three months ended March 31, 2015. Each of the first four quarterly principal payments were $1.9 million, each of the following quarterly principal payments are $3.8 million, and the final principal payment of $90.0 million due on September 30, 2019. The revolving credit facility requires payment in full at the end of five years on September 30, 2019. Interest on the term loan facility and revolving credit facility is payable quarterly.  
 Under the Credit Agreement, there are various restrictive covenants, including three financial covenants which limit the consolidated total leverage ratio, or leverage ratio, the consolidated interest coverage ratio, or interest coverage ratio, and a restriction which places a limit on the amount of capital expenditures that may be made in any fiscal year. The leverage ratio is the ratio of debt as of the measurement date to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for the four consecutive quarters ending with the quarter of measurement. The leverage ratio must not exceed 2.50 to 1.0 during the first two years of the agreement, and 2.0 to 1.0 during the last three years of the agreement. The interest coverage ratio is EBITDA to interest expense for the four consecutive quarters ending with the quarter of measurement. The interest coverage ratio must not be less than 3.50 to 1.0 during the term of the agreement.  As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the restrictive covenants. 
 $100 Million Shelf Registration.  We have registered an aggregate of $100.0 million of common stock and preferred stock for issuance in connection with acquisitions, which shares will generally be freely tradeable after their issuance under Rule 145 of the Securities Act unless held by an affiliate of the acquired company, in which case such shares will be subject to the volume and manner of sale restrictions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act.   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources.  We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flows from operating activities, and available credit under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and other cash   
 24 

requirements for at least the next 12 month  s, including our indemnification holdback liability associated with the RSP acquisition, our contingent consideration obligations associated with the ac  quisition   of Validity, and our debt service obligations. Our future capital requirements will depend on   many factors, including our revenue, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, costs related to protecting our intellectual property, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, timing of introductions of new products a  nd enhancements to existing products, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing, the costs of maintaining sufficient space for our workforce, the continuing market acceptance of our product solutions, our common stock repurchase program, and the   amount and timing of our investments in, or acquisitions of, other technologies or companies.  Further equity or debt financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If sufficient funds are not available or are not available on accepta  ble terms, our ability to take advantage of business opportunities or to respond to competitive pressures could be limited or severely constrained.     
 Our non-current other assets consist of ARS investments, which have failed to settle in auctions. These investments are not liquid, and in the event we need to access these funds, we will not be able to do so without a loss of principal, unless redeemed by the issuers or a future auction on these investments is successful.  
 Based on our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents, our expected operating cash flows, and our other sources of cash, we do not anticipate that the lack of liquidity on these investments will affect our ability to operate our business as usual. Further, while we do not anticipate the need to remit undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to meet our working capital and other cash requirements, if we did remit such earnings we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds, which would adversely impact our financial position and results of operations.  
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  
 Our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of September 30, 2016 were as follows (in millions): 

(1)   
 
 Represents both principal and interest payable through the maturity date of the underlying contractual obligation.     

(2)   
 
 Purchase obligations and other commitments include payments due for inventory purchase obligations with contract manufacturers.     

(3)   
 
 Represents a hold back liability under the definitive agreements for the RSP acquisition and payments due for earnout consideration related to the Validity acquisition.     

 In fiscal 2015 we completed the RSP acquisition. The purchase price at the closing date of the acquisition was paid entirely in cash, with  7.25 billion held back to address any post-closing adjustments or claims, or the Indemnification Holdback.  As of September 30, 2016, the majority of the Indemnification Holdback liability was settled.  We have retained   648 million (approximately $6.4 million) subject to resolution of the IIX legal dispute (see  Legal Proceedings  under Note 9 ).  
 In connection with the Validity acquisition in November 2013, we entered into a contingent consideration arrangement.  The earnout period for this arrangement was complete as of March 31, 2016.  During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we paid $12.8 million of this liability.  As of September 30, 2016, we have $12.7 million of the final earnout consideration liability remaining;  this balance represents amounts we have not paid and have retained, subject to resolution of the Amkor Technology legal dispute (see  Legal Proceedings  under Note 9). 
 The amounts in the table above exclude unrecognized tax benefits of $13.7 million. As of September 30, 2016, we were unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority may occur in connection with our gross unrecognized tax benefit.  
 25 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective   
 For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements and the anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

26 

ITE  M 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 As of September 30, 2016, our market risk related to interest rates on our cash and cash equivalents and ARS investments, variable interest rate risk, and foreign currency exchange risks has not changed materially from the risks disclosed in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2016.  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to reasonably ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and the Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

27 

PA  RT II OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 Our Board of Directors has cumulatively authorized $1.15 billion for our common stock repurchase program, which expires at the end of July 2018.  As of September 30, 2016, the remaining amount authorized for the repurchase of our common stock is $232.7 million.  Repurchases under our common stock repurchase program during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

28 

IT  EM 6. EXHIBITS   

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

32.1*  

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

32.2*  

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

29 

SIG  NATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SYNAPTICS INCORPORATED  

Date:  November 2, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Richard A. Bergman  

Name:  

Richard A. Bergman  

Title:  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  November 2, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Wajid Ali  

Name:  

Wajid Ali  

Title:  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 syna-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

syna-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 I, Richard A. Bergman, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Synaptics Incorporated;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 2, 2016  

/s/ Richard A. Bergman  

Richard A. Bergman  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 syna-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

syna-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 I, Wajid Ali, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Synaptics Incorporated;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 2, 2016  

/s/ Wajid Ali  

Wajid Ali 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 syna-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

syna-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Synaptics Incorporated (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard A. Bergman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

/s/ Richard A. Bergman  

Richard A. Bergman  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 syna-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

syna-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Synaptics Incorporated (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Wajid Ali, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

/s/ Wajid Ali  

Wajid Ali  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 2, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 syna-20160924.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 syna-20160924.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 syna-20160924_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 syna-20160924_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 syna-20160924_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 syna-20160924_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

