<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1671013_0001558370-16-008818_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20893386</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192502</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>529230</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7680697</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7487015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3229867</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-008818.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027164447
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-008818
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardtronics plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001671013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37820
		FILM NUMBER:		161956056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BUILDING 4, 1ST FLOOR TRIDENT PLACE
		STREET 2:		MOSQUITO WAY
		CITY:			HATFIELD
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			AL10 9UL
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 01707 248781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BUILDING 4, 1ST FLOOR TRIDENT PLACE
		STREET 2:		MOSQUITO WAY
		CITY:			HATFIELD
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			AL10 9UL

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cardtronics Group Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-008818.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 catm-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

catm_Current folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q    

(Mark One)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016     

or     

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from         to   

Commission File Number: 001-37820    

Cardtronics plc    

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

England and Wales     

98-1304627   

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Identification No.)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (832) 308-4000 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes   No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer   and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer     

Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No    

Number of Class A ordinary shares, nominal value $0.01 per share of Cardtronics plc outstanding on October 24, 2016: 45,302,025 

Table of Contents  

CARDTRONICS PLC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.    

Financial Statements    

3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

3 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

7 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

42 

Item 2.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

43 

Item 3.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

67 

Item 4.    

Controls and Procedures   

70 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings   

71 

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

71 

Item 2.    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

71 

Item 3.    

Default Upon Senior Securities   

72 

Item 4.    

Mine Safety Disclosures   

72 

Item 5.    

Other Information   

72 

Item 6.    

Exhibits   

72 

Signatures   

73 

When we refer to  us,   we,   our,  we are describing Cardtronics plc and/or our subsidiaries, depending on the context in which the statements are made. 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

CARDTRONICS PLC CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (In thousands, excluding share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

CARDTRONICS PLC 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

(In thousands, excluding share and per share amounts) 

(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

CARDTRONICS PLC 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

CARDTRONICS PLC 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

CARDTRONICS PLC 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

(Unaudited)  

(1) General and Basis of Presentation    

(a) General    

On July 1, 2016, the location of incorporation of the parent company of the Cardtronics group of companies was changed from Delaware to the United Kingdom (the  U.K. ), whereby Cardtronics plc, a public limited company organized under English law ( Cardtronics plc ), became the new publicly traded corporate parent of the Cardtronics group of companies following the completion of the merger between Cardtronics, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Cardtronics Delaware ), and one of its subsidiaries (the  Merger ). The Merger was completed pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 27, 2016, the adoption of which was approved by Cardtronics Delaware s stockholders on June 28, 2016 (collectively, the  Redomicile Transaction ).  

Any references to  the Company  or any similar references relating to periods before the Redomicile Transaction shall be construed as references to Cardtronics Delaware being the previous parent company of the Cardtronics group of companies. The Redomicile Transaction has been accounted for as an internal reorganization of entities under common control and, therefore, Cardtronics Delaware s assets and liabilities have been accounted for at their historical cost basis and not revalued in the transaction.   The Redomicile Transaction is discussed in more detail in   Note 3. Stock-Based Compensation, Note 5. Stockholders  Equity, Note 8. Long-Term Debt,   and   Note 16. Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information  . 

Cardtronics plc, along with its wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ), provides convenient automated consumer financial services through its network of automated teller machines ( ATMs ) and multi-function financial services kiosks. As of September 30, 2016, the Company provided services to over 200,000 ATMs across its portfolio, which included approximately 180,000 ATMs located in all 50 states of the United States (the  U.S. ) (including the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico), approximately 17,000 ATMs throughout the U.K. and Ireland, approximately 1,300 ATMs throughout Germany, Poland, and Spain, approximately 3,700 ATMs throughout Canada, and approximately 1,300 ATMs throughout Mexico. In the U.S., certain of the Company s ATMs are multi-function financial services kiosks that, in addition to traditional ATM functions such as cash dispensing and bank account balance inquiries, perform other consumer financial services, including bill payments, check cashing, remote deposit capture (which is deposit-taking at ATMs using electronic imaging), and money transfers. The total count of over 200,000 ATMs also includes ATMs for which the Company provides processing only services and various forms of managed services solutions, which may include transaction processing, monitoring, maintenance, cash management, communications, and customer service.  

Through its network, the Company provides ATM management and equipment-related services (typically under multi-year contracts) to large retail merchants of varying sizes, as well as smaller retailers and operators of facilities such as shopping malls, airports, and train stations. In doing so, the Company provides its retail partners with a compelling automated financial services solution that helps attract and retain customers, and in turn, increases the likelihood that the ATMs placed at their facilities will be utilized.  

In addition to its retail merchant relationships, the Company also partners with leading national financial institutions to brand selected ATMs and financial services kiosks within its network, including BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. ( BBVA ), Citibank, N.A. ( Citibank ), Citizens Financial Group, Inc. ( Citizens ), Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. ( Cullen/Frost ),   JPMorgan Chase   Co ( Chase ),   Santander Bank, N.A. ( Santander ), TD Bank, N.A. ( TD Bank ), and PNC Bank, N.A. ( PNC Bank ) in the U.S., The Bank of Nova Scotia ( Scotiabank ) and Santander in Puerto Rico, and Scotiabank, TD Bank, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( CIBC ) in Canada. In Mexico, the Company operates Cardtronics Mexico, S.A. de C.V. ( Cardtronics Mexico ) and partners with Grupo Financiero Banorte, S.A. de C.V. ( Banorte ) and Scotiabank to place their brands on the Company s ATMs in exchange for certain services provided by them. As of September 30, 2016,   approximately 22,000 of the Company s ATMs were under contract with approximately 500 fin  ancial institutions to place their logos on the machines, and to provide convenient surcharge-free access for their banking customers.    

7 

Table of Contents  

The Company owns and operates the Allpoint network ( Allpoint ), the largest surcharge-free ATM network (based on the number of participating ATMs). Allpoint, with approximately 55,000 participating ATMs, provides surcharge-free ATM access to over 1,300 participating   banks, credit unions, and prepaid card providers. For participants, Allpoint provides scale and density of free ATMs. In exchange, Allpoint earns either a fixed monthly fee per cardholder or a set fee per transaction that is paid by participants  . The Allpoint network includes a majority of the Company s ATMs in the U.S. and a portion of the Company s ATMs in the U.K., Canada, Puerto Rico, and Mexico. Allpoint also works with financial institutions that manage stored-value debit card programs on behalf of corporate entities and governmental agencies, including general purpose, payroll and electronic benefits transfer cards. Under these programs, the issuing financial institutions pay Allpoint a fee per issued stored-value card or per transaction in return for allowing the users of those cards surcharge-free access to Allpoint s participating ATM network.  

Finally, the Company owns and operates an electronic funds transfer ( EFT ) transaction processing platform that provides transaction processing services to its network of ATMs and financial services kiosks, as well as other ATMs under managed services arrangements. Additionally, through its acquisition of Columbus Data Services, L.L.C. ( CDS ) in 2015, the Company provides leading-edge ATM processing solutions to ATM sales and service organizations and financial institutions. 

(b)   Basis of Presentation  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) has been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) applicable to interim financial information. Because this is an interim period filing presented using a condensed format, it does not include all of the disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ), although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information not misleading. You should read this Form 10-Q along with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (as amended, the  2015 Form 10-K ), which includes a summary of the Company s significant accounting policies and other disclosures.  

The financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from the audited balance sheet filed in the 2015 Form 10-K with certain retroactive adjustments. The Company has adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standard Update (   ASU ) No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ) and ASU No. 2015-15,   Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting   ( ASU 2015-15 ). These updates require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of being presented as an asset and clarify the treatment of debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement. As retrospective application is required by these standards updates, the debt carrying balances as of   December 31, 2015 have been adjusted with no material impact. In addition, the Company has adopted early   ASU No. 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes   ( ASU 2015-17 ), applying its provisions prospectively to the interim reporting periods of 2016. ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet and requires organizations to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.  

In management s opinion, all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s interim and prior period results have been made. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full fiscal year.  

The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company owns a majority (95.7%) interest in, and realizes a majority of the earnings and/or losses of, Cardtronics Mexico, thus this entity is reflected as a consolidated subsidiary in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, with the remaining ownership interests not held by the Company being reflected as noncontrolling interests.  

8 

Table of Contents  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and these differences could be material to the financial statements.  

(c)   Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash consists of amounts collected on behalf of, but not yet remitted to, certain of the Company s merchant customers or third-party service providers. The amounts include deposits held by the Company for transactions processed by its customers, as well as surcharge and interchange fees earned by the Company s customers on transactions processed. These balances are classified as Restricted cash in the Current assets or Noncurrent assets line item on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets based on when the Company expects this cash to be paid.     The Company held $35.8 million and $31.6 million of Restricted cash in the Current assets line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively  .    

(d) Inventory 

Inventory consists principally of ATMs, ATM spare parts, and ATM supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the average cost method.  

The following table is a breakdown of the Company s primary inventory components:  

(e) Cost of ATM Operating Revenues and Gross Profit Presentation    

The Company presents Cost of ATM operating revenues and Gross profit within its Consolidated Statements of Operations exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets related to ATMs and ATM-related assets.  

The following table sets forth the amounts excluded from Cost of ATM operating revenues and Gross profit for the periods indicated: 

(2) Acquisitions and Divestitures    

On July 1, 2015, the Company completed the divestiture of its retail cash-in-transit operation in the U.K. This business was primarily engaged in the collection of cash from retail locations and was originally acquired through the Sunwin   

9 

Table of Contents  

Services Group acquisition completed in November 2014. The Company recognized divestiture proceeds at their estimated fair value of approximately $39 million in 2015. Of this amount, approximately $31 million was collected during the year ended December 31, 2015, and the remainder was collected during the six months ended June 30, 2016. The net pre-tax gain recognized on this transaction in 2015 was $16.6 million. During the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company reached resolution of certain contingent terms in the agreement, and recorded an additional pre-tax gain of approximately $1.8 million.  

On July 1, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of CDS for a total purchase price of approximately $80.6 million. CDS is a leading independent transaction processor for ATM deployers and payment card issuers, providing solutions to ATM sales and service organizations and financial institutions. 

The total purchase consideration for CDS was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including identifiable tangible and intangible assets, based on their respective fair values estimated at the date of acquisition. The estimated fair values of the intangible assets included the acquired customer relationships valued at $16.5 million, technology valued at $7.8 million, and other intangible assets valued at $1.7 million. Intangible values were estimated utilizing primarily a discounted cash flow approach, with the assistance of an independent appraisal firm. The tangible assets acquired included property, plant, and equipment, and were recorded at their estimated fair value of $4.6 million, utilizing the market and cost approaches. The purchase price allocation resulted in goodwill of $52.7 million. The Company completed the purchase accounting for CDS in the first quarter of 2016, recognizing no additional adjustments to the preliminary opening balance sheet. All of the goodwill and intangible asset amounts are expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

On April 13, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of a 2,600 location ATM portfolio in the U.S. This acquisition was affected through multiple closings taking place primarily in April 2016. The total cash purchase price of approximately $13.8 million was paid in installments corresponding to each close. As of   September 30, 2016, the Company had recognized   property, plant, and equipment   of $8.3 million, contract intangibles and prepaid merchant commissions of $7.1 million, and asset retirement obligations of $1.6 million. As of September 30, 2016, the accounting remains preliminary, pending finalization of the related asset appraisals. 

See   Note 6. Intangible Assets   for a discussion of the Company s goodwill and intangible assets. 

(3) Stock-Based Compensation    

The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation by recognizing the grant date fair value of stock-based awards, net of estimated forfeitures, as compensation expense over the underlying requisite service periods of the related awards. The grant date fair value is based upon the Company s stock price on the date of grant.  

The following table reflects the total stock-based compensation expense amounts included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

The comparative increase in stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, was attributable to the timing and amount of grants made during preceding periods and additional estimated expense related to performance-based awards in 2016.  

In conjunction with the Redomicile Transaction, on July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc executed a deed of assumption pursuant to which Cardtronics plc adopted and assumed the Third Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (as   

10 

Table of Contents  

amended, the  2007 Plan ) and assumed all outstanding awards granted under the 2007 Plan (including awards granted under the 2007 Plan prior to the completion of the Redomicile Transaction) and the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan of Cardtronics Delaware, as amended. All grants during the periods above were made under the 2007 Plan. 

Restricted Stock Awards  . The number of the Company s outstanding Restricted Stock Awards ( RSAs ) as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are presented below: 

As of September 30, 2016, the unrecognized compensation expense associated with all outstanding RSAs was $0.2 million, which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over a remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately one year. 

Restricted Stock Units.   The Company grants restricted stock units ( RSUs ) under its Long-term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ), which is an annual equity award program under the 2007 Plan. The ultimate number of RSUs that are determined to be earned under the LTIP are approved by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors on an annual basis, based on the Company s achievement of certain performance levels during the calendar year of its grant. The majority of these grants have both a performance-based and a service-based vesting schedule ( Performance-RSUs ), and the Company recognizes the related compensation expense based on the estimated performance levels that management believes will ultimately be met. A portion of the awards have only a service-based vesting schedule ( Time-RSUs ), for which the associated expense is recognized ratably over four years. Performance-RSUs and Time-RSUs are convertible into the Company s common stock after the passage of the vesting periods, which are generally 24, 36, and 48 months from January 31 of the grant year, at the rate of 50%, 25%, and 25%, respectively. Performance-RSUs will be earned only if the Company achieves certain performance levels. Although the Performance-RSUs are not considered to be earned and outstanding until at least the minimum performance metrics are met, the Company recognizes the related compensation expense for those awards ultimately expected to vest over the requisite service period (or to an employee s qualified retirement date, if earlier) using a graded vesting methodology. RSUs are also granted outside of LTIPs, with or without performance-based vesting requirements.  

The number of the Company s non-vested RSUs as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are presented below: 

The above table only includes earned RSUs; therefore, the Performance-RSUs granted in 2016 but not yet earned are not included. The number of Performance-RSUs granted at target in 2016, net of estimated forfeitures, was 347,416 units with a grant date fair value of $38.01 per unit. Time-RSUs are included as granted.  

As of September 30, 2016, the unrecognized compensation expense associated with earned RSUs was $15.0 million, which will be recognized using a graded vesting schedule for Performance-RSUs and a straight-line vesting schedule for Time-RSUs, over a remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately 1.6 years.    

11 

Table of Contents  

Options.   The number of the Company s outstanding stock options as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are presented below:  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no unrecognized compensation expense associated with outstanding options.  

12 

Table of Contents  

(4) Earnings per Share  

The Company reports its earnings per share under the two-class method. Under this method, potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share (as well as their related impact on the net income available to common stockholders) when their impact on net income available to common stockholders is anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included all outstanding stock options, RSAs, and RSUs, which were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for these periods, if dilutive. The potentially dilutive effect of outstanding warrants and the underlying shares exercisable under the Company s $287.5 million of 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (the  Convertible Notes ) were excluded from diluted shares outstanding because the exercise price exceeded the average market price of the Company s common stock. The effect of the note hedge the Company purchased to offset the underlying conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes was also excluded, as the effect is anti-dilutive. 

Additionally, the shares of restricted stock issued by the Company under RSAs have a non-forfeitable right to cash dividends, if and when declared by the Company. Accordingly, restricted shares issued under RSAs are considered to be participating securities and, as such, the Company has allocated the undistributed earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 among the Company s outstanding shares of common stock and issued but unvested restricted shares, as follows:  

Earnings per Share (in thousands, excluding share and per share amounts)    

13 

Table of Contents  

The computation of diluted earnings per share excluded potentially dilutive common shares related to restricted stock issued by the Company under RSAs of 7,217 and 12,920 shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 27,052 and 32,106 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, because the effect of including these shares in the computation would have been anti-dilutive. 

(5) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net  

(5) Stockholders  Equity 

Redomicile Transaction.   Pursuant to the Redomicile Transaction, completed on July 1, 2016, each issued and outstanding share of Cardtronics Delaware common stock held immediately prior to the Merger was effectively converted into one Class A Ordinary Share, nominal value $0.01 per share, of Cardtronics plc (collectively,  Ordinary Shares ). Upon completion of the Redomicile Transaction, the Ordinary Shares were listed and began trading on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol  CATM,  the same symbol under which shares of Cardtronics Delaware common stock were formerly listed and traded. Likewise, the equity plans and/or awards granted thereunder were assumed by Cardtronics plc and amended to provide that those plans and/or awards will now provide for the award and issuance of Ordinary Shares. Furthermore, all shares of Cardtronics Delaware treasury stock were cancelled in the Redomicile Transaction.  

The changes in common stock, treasury stock, and additional paid-in capital associated with the Redomicile Transaction are presented in the table below. 

14 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents the changes in the Company s stockholders  equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Change in common stock, treasury stock, and additional paid-in capital associated with the Redomicile Transaction  .     In the Redomicile Transaction, completed on July 1, 2016, each of the 52,529,197 issued and outstanding shares of Cardtronics Delaware common stock held immediately prior to the Merger were effectively converted into an equivalent number of Ordinary Shares of Cardtronics plc. Prior to the Redomicile Transaction, Cardtronics Delaware s common stock had a $0.0001 par value per share and after the Redomicile Transaction, the Ordinary Shares in Cardtronics plc have a $0.01 par value per share. In addition, immediately prior to the Redomicile Transaction 7,310,022 shares of Cardtronics Delaware treasury stock with a cost basis of $106.5 mil  lion   were cancelled with the offsetting impact recorded in the Additional paid-in capital and Retained earnings line items on the accompanying   Consolidated Balance Sheets  . 

Accumulated other comprehensive income, net.   Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net is displayed as a separate component of Stockholders  equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following tables present the changes in the balances of each component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

15 

Table of Contents  

(4) 

Net of deferred income tax expense of $636 and $3,954 for Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification and Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net, respectively. See    Note 11. Derivative Financial Instruments  .       

(4) 

Net of deferred income tax (benefit) expense of $(10,184) and $6,662 for Other comprehensive loss before reclassification and Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net, respectively. See   Note 11. Derivative Financial Instruments  .       

The Company records unrealized gains and losses related to its interest rate swaps net of estimated taxes in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets since it is more likely than not that the Company will be able to realize the benefits associated with its net deferred tax asset positions in the future. The amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net are recognized in the Cost of ATM operating revenues line item on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company has elected the portfolio approach for the deferred tax asset of the unrealized gains and losses related to the interest rate swaps in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under the portfolio approach, the disproportionate tax effect created when the valuation allowance was appropriately released as a tax benefit into continuing operations in 2010, will reverse out of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and into continuing operations as a tax expense when the Company ceases to hold any interest rate swaps. As of September 30, 2016, the disproportionate tax effect is approximately $14.4 million. 

The Company currently believes that the unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries under its U.K. holding company will be reinvested for an indefinite period of time. Accordingly, no deferred taxes have been provided for the differences between the Company s book basis and underlying tax basis in these subsidiaries or on the foreign currency translation adjustment amounts. 

16 

Table of Contents  

(6) Intangible Assets    

Intangible Assets with Indefinite Lives    

The following tables present the net carrying amounts of the Company s intangible assets with indefinite lives as well as the changes in the net carrying amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, by segment: 

(1) 

The North America segment is comprised of the Company s operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico.     

(2) 

The Europe segment is comprised of the Company s operations in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, and its ATM advertising business.     

(3) 

The Corporate   Other segment is comprised of the Company s transaction processing activities and the Company s corporate general and administrative functions.     

(4) 

In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company allocated $6.7 million of the goodwill stemming from the 2015 acquisition of CDS to the Corporate   Other segment in conjunction with the segment reorganization discussed in   Note 15. Segment Information  .     

(1) 

The North America segment is comprised of the Company s operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico.     

(2) 

The Europe segment is comprised of the Company s operations in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, and its ATM advertising business.     

(3) 

The Corporate   Other segment is comprised of the Company s transaction processing activities and the Company s corporate general and administrative functions.     

17 

Table of Contents  

Intangible Assets with Definite Lives    

The following table presents the Company s intangible assets that were subject to amortization:  

(7) Accrued Liabilities    

The Company s accrued liabilities consisted of the following:  

18 

Table of Contents  

(8) Long-Term Debt    

The carrying value of the Company s long-term debt consisted of the following:  

(1) 

Issued by Cardtronics Delaware.     

As indicated in   Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (b) Basis of Presentation  , the Company has adopted the new accounting guidance applicable to the classification of capitalized debt issuance costs and now presents these costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liabilities. As a result, the 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 (the  2022 Notes ) with a face value of $250.0 million are presented net of capitalized debt issuance costs of $2.8 million and $3.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Convertible Notes with a face value of $287.5 million are presented net of unamortized discount and capitalized debt issuance costs of $49.1 million and $56.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Revolving Credit Facility    

On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a third amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to its amended and restated credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a $375.0 million revolving credit facility and includes an accordion feature that will allow the borrowers under the Credit Agreement to increase the available borrowings under the revolving credit facility to $500.0 million, subject to the approval of one or more existing lenders or one or more lenders that become party to the Credit Agreement. Under the Third Amendment, (i) Cardtronics plc and certain of its subsidiaries were added as borrowers and guarantors, (ii) Cardtronics Delaware was removed as a borrower, but remained a guarantor, (iii) the maturity date of the Credit Agreement was extended to July 1, 2021, (iv) Cardtronics Europe Limited continued as a borrower and a guarantor, and (v) the total commitment under the Credit Agreement of $375.0 million (the  Commitment ) did not change, but can now be borrowed in U.S. dollars, alternative currencies, or a combination thereof. The Third Amendment provides for sub-limits under the Commitment of $50.0 million for swingline loans and $30.0 million for letters of credit.  

Borrowings (not including swingline loans and alternative currency loans) accrue interest at the Company s option at either the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin depending on the Company s most recent Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The margin for Alternative Base Rate loans varies between 0% and 1.25% and the margin for Adjusted LIBO Rate loans varies between 1.00% and 2.25%. Swingline loans denominated in U.S. dollars bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus a margin as described above and swingline loans denominated in alternative currencies bear interest at the Overnight LIBO Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus the applicable margin for the Adjusted LIBO Rate. The alternative currency loans bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the relevant currency as described above. Upon effectiveness of the Third Amendment, substantially all of the Company s U.S. assets, including the stock of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries and 66.0% of the stock of the first-tier non-U.S. subsidiaries of Cardtronics Delaware, were pledged as collateral to secure borrowings made under the revolving credit facility. Furthermore, each of the Company s material wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries guaranteed the full and punctual payment of the obligations under the revolving credit facility. In addition, upon effectiveness of the Third Amendment, the obligations of the CFC Borrowers (as defined in the Credit Agreement) were secured by the assets of the CFC Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which do not guarantee the obligations of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries. There are currently no restrictions on the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends to the Company. 

19 

Table of Contents  

The Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for similar credit arrangements, including, among other things, covenants relating to: (i) financial reporting and notification, (ii) payment of obligations, (iii) compliance with applicable laws, and (iv) notification of certain events. Financial covenants in the Credit Agreement require the Company to maintain: (i) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no more than 2.25 to 1.00, (ii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Total Net Leverage Ratio of no more than 4.00 to 1.00, and (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no less than 1.50 to 1.00. Additionally, the Company is limited on the amount of restricted payments, including dividends, which it can make pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement; however, the Company may generally make restricted payments so long as no event of default exists at the time of such payment and the Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 3.00 to 1.00 at the time such restricted payment is made.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under its $375.0 million revolving credit facility and was in compliance with all applicable covenants and ratios under the Credit Agreement. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Adjusted LIBO Rates applicable to the Company s borrowings under the revolving credit facility were 2.0% and 2.2%, respectively. 

$250.0 Million 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2022  

On July 28, 2014, in a private placement offering, Cardtronics Delaware issued $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes   pursuant to an indenture dated July 28, 2014 (the  Indenture ) among   Cardtronics Delaware  , certain subsidiary guarantors (each, a  Guarantor ), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. Interest on the 2022 Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 1st and August 1st of each year. 

On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, certain subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into a supplemental indenture (the  Senior Notes Supplemental Indenture ) with respect to the 2022 Notes. The Senior Notes Supplemental Indenture provides for the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by Cardtronics plc of the prompt payment, when due, of any amount owed to the holders of the 2022 Notes. Furthermore, certain additional subsidiary guarantors were also added as Guarantors to the 2022 Notes. 

The 2022 Notes and Guarantees (as defined in the Indenture) rank: (i) equally in right of payment with all of   Cardtronics Delaware s   and the Guarantors (including Cardtronics plc) existing and future senior indebtedness, (ii) effectively junior to secured debt to the extent of the collateral securing such debt, including debt under the Company s revolving credit facility, and (iii) structurally junior to existing and future indebtedness of Cardtronics plc s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The 2022 Notes and Guarantees rank senior in right of payment to any of Cardtronics Delaware s and the Guarantors  (including Cardtronics plc) existing and future subordinated indebtedness.  

The 2022 Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit Cardtronics plc s ability and the ability of certain of its restricted subsidiaries (including Cardtronics Delaware) to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, make certain investments or pay dividends or distributions on Cardtronics plc s capital stock or repurchase capital stock or make certain other restricted payments, consolidate or merge with or into other companies, conduct asset sales, restrict dividends or other payments by restricted subsidiaries, engage in transactions with affiliates or related persons, and create liens. 

Obligations under its 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Cardtronics plc and certain of its subsidiaries and certain of its future subsidiaries, with the exception of Cardtronics plc s immaterial subsidiaries. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of Cardtronics plc to obtain funds from Cardtronics Delaware or the other Guarantors by dividend or loan. None of the Guarantors  assets represent restricted assets pursuant to Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X. The 2022 Notes include registration rights, and as required under the terms of the Notes, Cardtronics Delaware completed an exchange offer for these Notes in June 2015 whereby participating holders received registered notes. 

The 2022 Notes are subject to certain automatic customary releases with respect to the Guarantors (other than Cardtronics plc), including the sale, disposition, or transfer of the capital stock or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor, designation of such Guarantor as unrestricted in accordance with the Indenture, exercise of the legal defeasance option or the covenant defeasance option, liquidation, or dissolution of such Guarantor and, in the case of a Guarantor that is not wholly-owned by Cardtronics plc, such Guarantor ceasing to guarantee other indebtedness of Cardtronics plc,   

20 

Table of Contents  

Cardtronics Delaware, or another Guarantor. The Guarantors, including Cardtronics plc, may not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their properties or assets to, or consolidate with or merge into, another company if such a sale would cause a default under the Indenture and certain other specified requirements under the Indenture are not satisfied. 

$287.5 Million 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2020 and Related Equity Instruments 

On November 19, 2013, Cardtronics Delaware issued the Convertible Notes at par value. Cardtronics Delaware received $254.2 million in net proceeds from the offering after deducting underwriting fees paid to the initial purchasers and a repurchase of 665,994 shares of its outstanding common stock concurrent with the offering. Cardtronics Delaware used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to fund the net cost of the convertible note hedge transaction, as described below. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions were entered into concurrent with the pricing of the Convertible Notes. Cardtronics Delaware pays interest semi-annually (payable in arrears) on June 1st and December 1st of each year. Under U.S. GAAP, certain convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash (or other assets) upon conversion are required to be separately accounted for as liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components of the instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer s non-convertible debt borrowing rate. The Company, with assistance from a valuation professional, determined that the fair value of the debt component was $215.8 million and the fair value of the embedded option was $71.7 million as of the issuance date. The Company recognizes effective interest expense on the debt component and that interest expense effectively accretes the debt component to the total principal amount due at maturity of $287.5 million. The effective rate of interest to accrete the debt balance is approximately 5.26%, which corresponded to the Company s estimated conventional debt instrument borrowing rate at the date of issuance.  

On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into a supplemental indenture (the  Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture ) with respect to the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture provides for the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by Cardtronics plc of the prompt payment, when due, of any amount owed to the holders of the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture also provides that, from and after the effective date of the Redomicile Transaction, the Convertible Notes will be convertible into shares of Cardtronics plc in lieu of common stock of Cardtronics Delaware. 

The Convertible Notes currently have a conversion price of $52.35 per share, which equals a conversion rate of 19.1022 shares per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, for a total of approximately 5.5 million shares underlying the debt. The conversion rate, however, is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. Conversion can occur: (i) any time on or after September 1, 2020, (ii) after March 31, 2014, during any calendar quarter that follows a calendar quarter in which the price of the shares exceeds 135% of the conversion price for at least 20 days during the 30 consecutive trading-day period ending on the last trading day of the quarter, (iii) during the ten consecutive trading-day period following any five consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price of the Convertible Notes is less than 98% of the closing price of the shares multiplied by the applicable conversion rate on each such trading day, (iv) upon specified distributions to Cardtronics plc s shareholders upon recapitalizations, reclassifications, or changes in stock, and (v) upon a make-whole fundamental change. A fundamental change is defined as any one of the following: (i) any person or group that acquires 50.0% or more of the total voting power of all classes of common equity that is entitled to vote generally in the election of Cardtronics plc s directors, (ii) Cardtronics plc engages in any recapitalization, reclassification, or changes of common stock as a result of which the shares would be converted into or exchanged for, stock, other securities, or other assets or property, (iii) Cardtronics plc engages in any share exchange, consolidation, or merger where the shares converted into cash, securities, or other property, (iv) the Company engages in certain sales, leases, or other transfers of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets, or (v) Cardtronics plc s shares are not listed for trading on any U.S. national securities exchange. 

Effective July 1, 2016, as a result of the share exchange effecting the Redomicile Transaction, the Company s Convertible Notes became convertible, at the option of the holders and in accordance with the terms of such notes. These notes remained convertible until the 35th trading day immediately following the consummation of the Redomicile Transaction, or August 22, 2016. None of the Convertible Notes were convertible as of September 30, 2016 and, therefore, remain classified in the Long-term debt line item on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016. In future financial reporting periods, the classification of the Convertible Notes may change depending on whether any of the above contingent criteria have been subsequently satisfied. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Upon conversion, holders of the Convertible Notes are entitled to receive cash, shares, or a combination of cash and shares, at the Company s election. In the event of a change in control, as defined in the indenture under which the Convertible Notes have been issued, holders can require Cardtronics Delaware to purchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes for 100% of the notes  par value plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 

Interest expense related to the Convertible Notes consisted of the following: 

The carrying value of the Convertible Notes consisted of the following: 

In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, Cardtronics Delaware entered into separate convertible note hedge and warrant transactions to reduce the potential dilutive impact upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes. The net effect of these transactions effectively raised the price at which dilution would occur from the $52.35 initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes to $73.29. Pursuant to the convertible note hedge, Cardtronics Delaware purchased call options granting Cardtronics Delaware the right to acquire up to approximately 5.5 million shares of its common stock with an initial strike price of $52.35. The call options automatically become exercisable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, and will terminate on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding December 1, 2020. Cardtronics Delaware also sold to the initial purchasers warrants to acquire up to approximately 5.5 million shares of its common stock with a strike price of $73.29. The warrants will expire incrementally on a series of expiration dates subsequent to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes through August 30, 2021. If the conversion price of the Convertible Notes remains between the strike prices of the call options and warrants, Cardtronics plc s shareholders will not experience any dilution in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes; however, to the extent that the price of the shares exceeds the strike price of the warrants on any or all of the series of related expiration dates of the warrants, Cardtronics plc would be required to issue additional shares to the warrant holders. The amounts allocated to both the note hedge and warrants were recorded in the Stockholders  equity section in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

After completion of the Redomicile Transaction, the Company commenced discussions with the counterparties under such call options and warrants to amend certain provisions thereunder to clarify certain terms (including that shares of Cardtronics plc are now the underlying security instead of Cardtronics Delaware common stock), ensure compliance with applicable law requirements, and otherwise preserve the rights and obligations of the parties. These amendments were completed in October 2016, with no material impact to the Company s rights and obligations.  

(9) Asset Retirement Obligations    

Asset retirement obligations consist primarily of costs to deinstall the Company s ATMs and restore the ATM sites to their original condition, which are estimated based on current market rates. In most cases, the Company is contractually required to perform this deinstallation and in some cases, site restoration work. For each group of similar ATM type, the Company has recognized the estimated fair value of the asset retirement obligation as a liability on its balance sheet and   

22 

Table of Contents  

capitalized that cost as part of the cost basis of the related asset. The related assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over five years, which is the estimated average time period that an ATM is installed in a location before being deinstalled, and the related liabilities are accreted to their full value over the same period of time.  

The following table presents the changes in the Company s asset retirement obligation liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

See   Note 12. Fair Value Measurements   for additional disclosures on the Company s asset retirement obligations with respect to its fair value measurements. 

(10) Other Liabilities    

The Company s other liabilities consisted of the following: 

(11) Derivative Financial Instruments    

Cash Flow Hedging Strategy    

The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including interest rate risk associated with its vault cash rental obligations and, to a lesser extent, borrowings under its revolving credit facility. The Company is also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its investments in its foreign subsidiaries. While the Company does not currently utilize derivative instruments to hedge its foreign currency exchange rate risk or to manage the interest rate risk associated with its borrowings, the Company does utilize interest rate swap contracts to manage the interest rate risk associated with its vault cash rental obligations in the U.S. and the U.K.  

The interest rate swap contracts entered into with respect to the Company s vault cash rental obligations serve to mitigate the Company s exposure to interest rate risk by converting a portion of the Company s monthly floating rate vault   

23 

Table of Contents  

cash rental obligations to a fixed-rate. The Company has contracts in varying notional amounts through December 31, 2020 for the Company s U.S. and U.K. vault cash rental obligations. By converting such amounts to a fixed rate, the impact of future interest rate changes (both favorable and unfavorable) on the Company s monthly vault cash rental expense amounts has been reduced. The interest rate swap contracts typically involve the receipt of floating rate amounts from the Company s counterparties that match, in all material respects, the floating rate amounts required to be paid by the Company to its vault cash providers for the portions of the Company s outstanding vault cash obligations that have been hedged. In return, the Company typically pays the interest rate swap counterparties a fixed-rate amount per month based on the same notional amounts outstanding. At no point is there an exchange of the underlying principal or notional amounts associated with the interest rate swaps. Additionally, none of the Company s existing interest rate swap contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features.    

For each derivative instrument that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge (i.e., hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows attributable to a particular risk), the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified into earnings in the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period or periods during which the hedged item affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative instrument representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components that are excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in earnings. However, because the Company generally utilizes fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps in which the underlying pricing terms agree, in all material respects, with the pricing terms of the Company s vault cash rental obligations, the amount of ineffectiveness associated with such interest rate swap contracts has historically been immaterial. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the current period. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company entered into new forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of  550.0 million. These swap agreements begin on January 1, 2017, with  250.0 million terminating December 31, 2019 and  300.0 million terminating December 31, 2020. 

Effective June 29, 2016, one of the Company s interest rate swap counterparties exercised its right to terminate a $200.0 million notional amount, 2.40% fixed-rate, contract that was previously designated as a cash flow hedge of the Company s 2019 and 2020 vault cash rental payments. The designated vault cash rental payments remain probable; therefore, upon termination and as of that date, the Company recognized an unrealized loss of $4.9 million in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company will amortize this unrealized loss into Vault cash rental expense, a component of the Cost of ATM operating revenues line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, over the 2019 and 2020 periods. The terminated contract was effectively novated by the previous counterparty and the Company entered into a similar $200.0 million notional amount, 2.52% fixed-rate interest rate swap with a new counterparty, which the Company designated as a cash flow hedge of its 2019 and 2020 vault cash rental payments. The modified terms resulted in ineffectiveness of $0.4 million recognized in the Other expense line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three months ended June 30, 2016. The ineffectiveness recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was immaterial.  

The notional amounts, weighted average fixed rates, and terms associated with the Company s interest rate swap contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges that are currently in place (as of the date of the issuance of these financial statements) are as follows:  

24 

Table of Contents  

Accounting Policy    

The Company recognizes all of its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of those derivative instruments depends on: (i) whether these instruments have been designated (and qualify) as part of a hedging relationship and (ii) the type of hedging relationship actually designated. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the Company designates the hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a cash flow hedge, a fair value hedge, or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.    

The Company has designated all of its interest rate swap contracts as cash flow hedges of the Company s forecasted vault cash rental obligations. Accordingly, changes in the fair values of the related interest rate swap contracts have been reported in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

The Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will be able to realize the benefits associated with its net deferred tax asset positions in the future. Therefore, the Company records the unrealized gains and losses related to its interest rate swaps net of estimated taxes in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.    

Tabular Disclosures    

The following tables depict the effects of the use of the Company s derivative contracts in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

Balance Sheet Data 

25 

Table of Contents  

Statements of Operations Data 

Three Months Ended September 30,  

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship  

Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative Instruments (Effective Portion)  

Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion)   

Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion)   

2016  

2015  

2016  

2015  

(In thousands)   

(In thousands)   

Interest rate swap contracts   

$  

1,171

$  

(15,762)

Cost of ATM operating revenues   

$  

(7,281)

$  

(8,645)

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship  

Amount of Loss Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative Instruments (Effective Portion)  

Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion)   

Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion)   

2016  

2015  

2016  

2015  

(In thousands)   

(In thousands)   

Interest rate swap contracts   

$  

(33,460)

$  

(30,107)

Cost of ATM operating revenues   

$  

(21,889)

$  

(25,834)

The Company does not currently have any derivative instruments that have been designated as fair value or net investment hedges. The Company does not currently anticipate terminating its existing derivative instruments prior to their expiration dates. If the Company concludes that it is no longer probable that the anticipated future vault cash rental obligations that have been hedged will occur, or if changes are made to the underlying terms and conditions of the Company s vault cash rental agreements, thus creating some amount of ineffectiveness associated with the Company s current interest rate swap contracts, any resulting gains or losses will be recognized in the Other expense line item of the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company expects to reclassify $21.2 million of net derivative-related losses contained within Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item into earnings during the next twelve months concurrent with the recording of the related vault cash rental expense amounts.  

See   Note 12. Fair Value Measurements   for additional disclosures on the Company s interest rate swap contracts in respect to its fair value measurements. 

26 

Table of Contents  

(12) Fair Value Measurements    

The following table provides the financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy prescribed by U.S. GAAP. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant non-observable inputs. An asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

Interest rate swaps.   The fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps liability was $60.6 million as of September 30, 2016. These financial instruments are carried at fair value, calculated as the present value of amounts estimated to be received or paid to a marketplace participant in a selling transaction. These derivatives are valued using pricing models based on significant other observable inputs (Level 2 inputs), while taking into account the creditworthiness of the party that is in the liability position with respect to each trade. See   Note 11. Derivative Financial Instruments   for additional disclosures on the valuation process of this liability. 

Below are descriptions of the Company s valuation methodologies for assets and liabilities measured at fair value. The methods described below may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.  

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, prepaid expenses, deferred costs, and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities.   These financial instruments are not carried at fair value, but are carried at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk.  

Acquisition-related intangible assets.   The estimated fair values of acquisition-related intangible assets are valued based on a discounted cash flows analysis using significant non-observable inputs (Level 3 inputs). Intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. An assessment of non-amortized intangible assets is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently based on the occurrence of events that might indicate a potential impairment. 

Long-term debt  . The carrying amount of the long-term debt balance related to borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility approximates fair value due to the fact that any borrowings are subject to short-term floating interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the 2022 Notes and the Convertible Notes (see   Note 8. Long-Term Debt  ) totaled $256.4 million and $304.9 million, respectively, based on the quoted prices in markets that are not active (Level 2 input) for these notes as of that date.  

Additions to asset retirement obligation liability.   The Company estimates the fair value of additions to its asset retirement obligation liability using expected future cash outflows discounted at the Company s credit-adjusted risk-free   

27 

Table of Contents  

interest rate. Liabilities added to the Asset retirement obligations line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured at fair value at the time of the asset installations using Level 3 inputs, and are only reevaluated periodically based on estimated current fair value. Amounts added to the asset retirement obligation liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $6.0 million and $5.7 million, respectively.  

(13) Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal Matters    

The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company has provided reserves where necessary for all claims and the Company s management does not expect the outcome in any legal proceedings, individually or collectively, to have a material adverse financial or operational impact on the Company. Additionally, the Company currently expenses all legal costs as they are incurred. 

Other Commitments    

Asset retirement obligations.   The Company s asset retirement obligations consist primarily of deinstallation costs of the Company s ATMs and costs to restore the ATM sites to their original condition. In most cases, the Company is legally required to perform this deinstallation, and in some cases, the site restoration work. The Company had $56.2 million accrued for these liabilities as of September 30, 2016. For additional information, see   Note 9. Asset Retirement Obligations  . 

(14) Income Taxes    

Income tax expense based on the Company s income before income taxes was as follows: 

The Company s income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $8.4 million, or an effective tax rate of 23.4%, compared to the income tax expense of $12.6 million or an effective tax rate of 36.8%, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company s income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $26.2 million, or 29.4%, compared to income tax expense of $29.8 million, or 36.8%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, when compared to the same periods in 2015, is attributable to the Redomicile Transaction and the post-redomicile structuring, completed on July 1, 2016, and the mix of earnings across jurisdictions. See   Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (a) General   for a further discussion of the Redomicile Transaction. 

The Company assesses the need for any deferred tax asset valuation allowances at the end of each reporting period. The determination of whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is needed is subject to considerable judgment and requires an evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence. Based on the assessment at September 30, 2016, and the weight of all available evidence, the Company concluded that maintaining the deferred tax asset valuation allowance for certain entities was appropriate, as the Company currently believes that it is more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

The deferred tax expenses and benefits associated with the Company s net unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments and foreign currency translation adjustments have been reflected within the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

28 

Table of Contents  

As indicated in   Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (b) Basis of Presentation  , the Company adopted the new accounting guidance applicable to the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, eliminating the requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet.  

(15) Segment Information 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s operations consisted of its North America, Europe, and Corporate   Other segments. The Company s ATM operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico are included in its North America segment. The Company s ATM operations in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, and its ATM advertising business (i- design group plc ( i-design )) are included in its Europe segment. The Company s transaction processing operations, which service its North American and European operations along with external customers, and the Company s corporate general and administrative functions comprise the Corporate   Other segment. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company reorganized and created the Corporate   Other segment to separately present transaction processing operations from its primary ATM operations and present the corporate general and administrative functions separate from the North America segment.   Additionally, i-design was previously included within the North America segment and due to organizational changes, is now a part of the Europe segment.   While both regional reporting segments provide similar kiosk-based and/or ATM-related services, each of the regional segments is managed separately and requires different marketing and business strategies. Similarly, the transaction processing and corporate general and administrative functions are also managed separately. Segment information presented for prior periods has been revised to reflect this change in segments. 

Management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA, along with U.S. GAAP measures, to manage and measure the performance of its segments. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA are useful measures because they allow management to more effectively evaluate the performance of the business and compare its results of operations from period to period without regard to financing methods or capital structure.   Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA excludes amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and divestiture-related expenses, certain non-operating expenses, certain costs not anticipated to occur in future periods (if applicable in a particular period), gains or losses on disposal of assets, the Company s obligations for the payment of income taxes, interest expense, and other obligations such as capital expenditures, and includes an adjustment for noncontrolling interests. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and accretion expense. Depreciation and accretion expense and amortization of intangible assets are excluded as these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within the Company s industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures, and the methods by which the assets were acquired. 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA, as defined by the Company, are non-GAAP financial measures provided as a complement to results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. In evaluating the Company s performance as measured by Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA, management recognizes and considers the limitations of these measurements. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA are only two of the measurements that management utilizes. Therefore, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income, cash flows from operating, investing, or financing activities, or other income or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

29 

Table of Contents  

Below is a reconciliation of Net income attributable to controlling interests and available to common stockholders to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA: 

(1) 

Includes foreign currency translation gains or losses and other non-operating costs.     

(2) 

Noncontrolling interest adjustment made such that Adjusted EBITDA includes only the Company s ownership interest in the Adjusted EBITDA of its Mexico subsidiary. In December 2015, the Company increased its ownership interest in its Mexico subsidiary from 51.0% to 95.7%.     

(3) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, amounts exclude a portion of the expenses incurred by the Company s Mexico subsidiary to account for the amounts allocable to the noncontrolling interest stockholders. The Company s Mexico subsidiary recognized no stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.     

(4) 

Acquisition and divestiture-related expenses include costs incurred for professional and legal fees and certain other transition and integration-related costs.     

(5) 

Expenses associated with the Company s redomicile of its parent company to the U.K., which was completed on July 1, 2016.     

(6) 

Amounts exclude a portion of the expenses incurred by the Company s Mexico subsidiary to account for the amounts allocable to the noncontrolling interest stockholders. In December 2015, the Company increased its ownership interest in its Mexico subsidiary.     

30 

Table of Contents  

The following tables reflect certain financial information for each of the Company s reporting segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:  

31 

Table of Contents  

(1) 

Capital expenditure amounts include payments made for exclusive license agreements, site acquisition costs, and other intangible assets. Additionally, capital expenditure amounts for Mexico (included in the North America segment) are reflected gross of any noncontrolling interest amounts.     

Identifiable Assets 

32 

Table of Contents  

(16) Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 

Prior to the Redomicile Transaction, the 2022 Notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed, subject to certain customary release provisions, on a joint and several basis by certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cardtronics Delaware. On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc and certain of its subsidiaries became Guarantors of the 2022 Notes pursuant to the Senior Notes Supplemental Indenture entered into in conjunction with the Redomicile Transaction. As of September 30, 2016, the 2022 Notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed, subject to certain customary release provisions, on a joint and several basis by Cardtronics plc and these subsidiaries (including the original Cardtronics Delaware subsidiary Guarantors). Cardtronics Delaware, the subsidiary issuer of the 2022 Notes is 100% owned by Cardtronics plc, the parent Guarantor. 

The guarantees of the 2022 Notes by any Guarantor (other than Cardtronics plc) are subject to automatic and customary releases upon: (i) the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Guarantor, (ii) the disposition of sufficient capital stock of the Guarantor so that it no longer qualifies under the Indenture as a restricted subsidiary of Cardtronics plc, (iii) the designation of the Guarantor as unrestricted in accordance with the Indenture, (iv) the legal or covenant defeasance of the notes or the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, (v) the liquidation or dissolution of the Guarantor, or (vi) provided the Guarantor is not wholly-owned by Cardtronics plc, its ceasing to guarantee other indebtedness the Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, or another Guarantor. A Guarantor (other than Cardtronics plc) may not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into, another company (other than Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, or another Guarantor), unless no default under the Indenture exists and either the successor to the Guarantor assumes its guarantee of the 2022 Notes or the disposition, consolidation, or merger complies with the  Asset Sales  covenant in the Indenture. In addition, Cardtronics plc may not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into, another company (other than Cardtronics Delaware or another Guarantor), unless, among other things, no default under the Indenture exists, the successor to Cardtronics plc is a domestic entity and assumes Cardtronics plc s guarantee of the 2022 Notes and transaction (on a pro forma basis) satisfies certain criteria related to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Indenture). 

The following information sets forth the Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, and the Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of: (i) Cardtronics plc, the parent Guarantor ( Parent ), as of September 30, 2016, (ii) Cardtronics Delaware ( Issuer ), (iii) the Guarantors, and (iv) the Non-Guarantors: 

33 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income 

34 

Table of Contents  

35 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

36 

Table of Contents  

37 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 

38 

Table of Contents  

(17) Concentration Risk 

Significant Customers.   7-Eleven, Inc. ( 7-Eleven ) in the U.S. represents the largest merchant customer in the Company s portfolio, and comprised approximately 18% and 17.5% of the Company s pro forma total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In July 2015, the Company received notification from 7-Eleven that they do not intend on renewing the ATM placement agreement with the Company upon expiration. The existing agreement between the Company and 7-Eleven remains in effect until July 2017, and calls for a transition period that, at 7-Eleven s request, could extend the Company s contract in part for up to six months. 

(18) New Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605, Revenue Recognition. ASU 2014-09 was later amended by ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)   ( ASU 2016-08 ), ASU No. 2016-10   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   ( ASU 2016-10 ), and ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients   ( ASU 2016-12 ). ASU 2014-09, as amended, supersedes most industry specific guidance and intends to enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities and industries by providing a principle-based, comprehensive framework for addressing revenue recognition issues. ASU 2014-09, as amended, is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of the new revenue recognition guidance described above and is assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s financial statements and disclosures. 

39 

Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ). ASU 2015-11 applies to inventory that is measured using either the first-in, first-out, or average cost methods and requires entities to measure their inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. The Company does not expect ASU 2015-11 to have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ) in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP. ASU 2016-02 requires that a lessee should recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those periods using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contracts Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships   ( ASU 2016-05 ), which updates ASC   Topic 815, Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   The amendments in ASU 2016-05 clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815, does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. ASU 2016-05 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016. The Company plans to adopt this guidance after its effective date and does not anticipate a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Also in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ), which amends ASC   Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation  . ASU 2016-09 is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 updates the following specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon or insignificant rate debt instruments; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on its consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

See   Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (b) Basis of Presentation   for a discussion of the ASUs adopted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

40 

Table of Contents  

(19) Subsequent Event 

On October 3, 2016, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire DirectCash Payments Inc.  ( DCPayments ) for approximately CAD$605 million (approximately $460 million), including the amounts needed to repay the estimated outstanding indebtedness of DCPayments, excluding any associated transaction-related costs. DCPayments is a leading global ATM services provider with approximately 25,000 ATMs located in Australia, Canada, the U.K., Mexico, and New Zealand. Subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including the approval of the DCPayments shareholders, and court approval, as required by applicable law, the transaction is expected to close early in the first quarter of 2017. The Company is currently assessing options for financing the acquisition and has secured commitments from financial institutions in its existing revolving credit facility to provide the borrowing capacity needed to complete the acquisition. 

41 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain statements and information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.   Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as  project,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   future,   anticipate,   intend,   contemplate,   foresee,   would,   could,   plan,  and similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that are anticipated. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our estimates for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include: 

our financial outlook and the financial outlook of the ATM industry and the continued usage of cash by consumers at rates near historical patterns;     

our ability to respond to recent and future network and regulatory changes, including requirements surrounding Europay, MasterCard, and Visa ( EMV ) security standards;     

our ability to renew our existing customer relationships on comparable economic terms and add new customers;     

our ability to pursue, complete, and successfully integrate acquisitions, including the acquisition of DirectCash Payments Inc.;     

changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates;      

our ability to successfully manage our existing international operations and to continue to expand internationally;      

our ability to manage concentration risks with key customers, vendors, and service providers;     

our ability to prevent thefts of cash;      

our ability to manage cybersecurity risks and prevent data breaches;     

our ability to respond to potential reductions in the amount of net interchange fees that we receive from global and regional debit networks for transactions conducted on our ATMs due to pricing changes implemented by those networks as well as changes in how issuers route their ATM transactions over those networks;     

our ability to provide new ATM solutions to retailers and financial institutions including placing additional banks  brands on ATMs currently deployed;     

our ATM vault cash rental needs, including potential liquidity issues with our vault cash providers and our ability to continue to secure vault cash rental agreements in the future;     

our ability to manage the risks associated with our third-party service providers failing to perform their contractual obligations;     

our ability to successfully implement and evolve our corporate strategy;     

our ability to compete successfully with new and existing competitors;     

our ability to meet the service levels required by our service level agreements with our customers;      

the additional risks we are exposed to in our U.K. armored transport business;      

the impact of changes in U.S. or non-U.S. laws, including tax laws, that could reduce or eliminate the benefits expected to be achieved from our recent change of our parent company from the U.S. to the U.K.;      

the impact of, or uncertainty related to, the U.K. s planned exit from the European Union, including any material adverse effect on the tax, tax treaty, currency, operational, legal, and regulatory regime and macro-economic environment to which we will be subject to as a U.K. company; and     

our ability to retain our key employees and maintain good relations with our employees.     

For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, see: (i)   Part II. Other Information, Item 1A. Risk Factors   in this Form 10-Q, (ii)   Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (as amended, the  2015 Form 10 K ), and (iii) the information set forth under   Risk Factors   in our Proxy Statement, dated May 19, 2016.     Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this document, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

42 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results     of Operations   

Overview 

Cardtronics plc provides convenient automated consumer financial services through its network of automated teller machines ( ATMs ) and multi-function financial services kiosks. As of September 30, 2016, we were the world s largest ATM owner/operator, providing services to over 200,000 ATMs throughout the United States (the  U.S. ) (including the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico), the United Kingdom (the  U.K. ), Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, Canada, and Mexico. In the U.S., certain of our ATMs are multi-function financial services kiosks that, in addition to traditional ATM functions such as cash dispensing and bank account balance inquiries, perform other consumer financial services including bill payments, check cashing, remote deposit capture (which is deposit-taking at ATMs using electronic imaging), and money transfers. Included in the number of ATMs in our network as of September 30, 2016 there are approximately 124,000 ATMs to which we provided processing only services or various forms of managed services solutions. Under a managed services arrangement, retailers, financial institutions, and ATM distributors rely on us to handle some or all of the operational aspects associated with operating and maintaining ATMs, typically in exchange for a monthly service fee, fee per transaction, or fee per service provided.  

Through our network, we provide ATM management and equipment-related services (typically under multi-year contracts) to large retail merchants of varying sizes, as well as smaller retailers and operators of facilities such as shopping malls, airports, and train stations. In doing so, we provide our retail partners with a compelling automated financial services solution that helps attract and retain customers, and in turn, increases the likelihood that our ATMs will be utilized. We also own and operate an electronic funds transfer ( EFT ) transaction processing platform that provides transaction processing services to our network of ATMs and financial services kiosks, as well as other ATMs under managed services arrangements. 

We also own and operate the Allpoint network ( Allpoint ), the largest surcharge-free ATM network (based on the number of participating ATMs). Allpoint, with approximately 55,000 participating ATMs, provides surcharge-free ATM access to over 1,300 participating   banks, credit unions, and prepaid card providers. For participants, Allpoint provides scale and density of free ATMs. In exchange, Allpoint earns either a fixed monthly fee per cardholder or a set fee per transaction that is paid by participants. The Allpoint network includes a majority of our ATMs in the U.S. and a portion of our ATMs in the U.K., Canada, Puerto Rico, and Mexico.   Allpoint also works with financial institutions that manage stored-value debit card programs on behalf of corporate entities and governmental agencies, including general purpose, payroll and electronic benefits transfer cards. Under these programs, the issuing financial institutions pay Allpoint a fee per issued stored-value card or per transaction in return for allowing the users of those cards surcharge-free access to Allpoint s participating ATM network. 

On July 1, 2016, the location of incorporation of the parent company of the Cardtronics group of companies was changed from Delaware to the U.K. See the   Recent Events and Trends   Redomicile to the U.K   section below. 

For additional discussion of our operations and the manner in which we derive revenues, refer to our 2015 Form 10-K.  

Strategic Outlook 

Over the past several years, we have expanded our operations both domestically and internationally through acquisitions, continued to deploy ATMs in high-traffic locations under contracts with well-known retailers, expanded our relationships with leading financial institutions through growth of the Allpoint surcharge-free ATM network and bank-branding programs, and made strategic acquisitions and investments to expand new product offerings and capabilities of our ATMs.  

We have completed several acquisitions in the last five years, including, but not limited to: (i) eight domestic ATM operators, expanding our fleet in both multi-unit regional retail chains and individual merchant ATM locations in the U.S., (ii) two Canadian ATM operators which allowed us to enter into and expand our international presence in Canada, (iii) Cardpoint Limited in August 2013, which further expanded our U.K. ATM operations and allowed us to enter into the German market, (iv) Sunwin Services Group ( Sunwin ) in November of 2014, which further expanded our cash-in-transit   

43 

Table of Contents  

and maintenance servicing capabilities in the U.K. and allowed us to acquire and operate ATMs located at the Co-operative Food stores, and (v) other less significant ATM asset and contract acquisitions. In addition to these ATM acquisitions, we have also made strategic acquisitions including: (i) LocatorSearch in August 2011, a domestic leading provider of location search technology deployed by financial institutions to help customers and members find the nearest, most appropriate, and convenient ATM location based on the service they seek, (ii) i-design group plc in March 2013, a Scotland-based provider and developer of marketing and advertising software and services for ATM operators, and (iii) Columbus Data Services, L.L.C. ( CDS ) in July 2015, a leading independent transaction processor for ATM deployers and payment card issuers, providing solutions to ATM sales and service organizations and financial institutions.  

While we will continue to explore potential acquisition opportunities in the future as a way to grow our business, we also expect to continue expanding our ATM footprint organically, and launch new products and services that will allow us to further leverage our existing ATM and financial services kiosk network. We see opportunities to expand our operations through the following efforts: 

increasing the number of deployed ATMs with existing and new merchant relationships;     

expanding our relationships with leading financial institutions;     

working with financial institutions and card issuers to further leverage our extensive ATM and financial services kiosk network;     

increasing transaction volume at our existing locations;     

developing and providing additional services at our existing ATMs;     

pursuing additional managed services opportunities; and     

pursuing international growth opportunities.     

For additional discussion of each of the strategic points above, see   Part I. Item1. Business - Our Strategy   in our 2015 Form 10-K.   

Recent Events and Trends 

Over the last several years, we have grown our business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. During the first nine months of 2016, total revenues, on a constant-currency basis, grew by 9.8% over the prior year, comprised of 6.5% organic or internal growth and 3.3% growth from acquisitions.  

Withdrawal Transaction and Revenue Trends - U.S.   Many banks are reducing the number of branches they operate to reduce their operating costs, giving rise to a need for automated banking solutions, such as ATMs. Bank-branding of our ATMs and participation in our surcharge-free network allow financial institutions to rapidly increase and maintain surcharge-free ATM access for their customers at a substantially lower cost than building and maintaining their own ATM network. We believe there is an opportunity for a large non-bank ATM and financial services kiosk operator such as ourselves, with lower costs and an established operating history, to contract with financial institutions and retailers to manage their ATM networks. Such an outsourcing arrangement could reduce a financial institution s operating costs while extending its customer service. Furthermore, we believe there are opportunities to provide selected services on an outsourced basis, such as transaction processing services, to other independent owners and operators of ATMs and financial services kiosks. These factors have led to an increase in bank-branding, participation in surcharge-free networks, and managed services arrangements, and we believe that there will be continued growth in such arrangements. 

In 2014, we received notice from one of our largest bank-branding partners, JPMorgan Chase   Co ( Chase ), of their intention not to renew or extend a number of ATM branding contracts with us. While this action had a moderately negative impact on 2015 results, we do not believe that it will have a long-term adverse impact on our financial results or our ability to continue offering bank-branding solutions to financial institutions. We have reached agreements with several financial institutions and are in advanced discussions with multiple other financial institutions to replace the branding on a significant number of the ATMs previously branded by Chase.  

Total same-store cash withdrawal transactions conducted on our U.S. ATMs, inclusive of the locations previously branded by Chase, decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 by approximately 1% compared to the same period in the prior year. The decline was due to a number of our ATMs having the Chase brand removed during 2015 and   

44 

Table of Contents  

2016. This debranding activity caused a shift in consumer behavior at some of our ATMs, as ATMs that were previously free-to-use to Chase cardholders, now charge convenience fees to those cardholders. Chase may also charge its customers an out of network fee, making the ATM less attractive for Chase cardholders to use them. As we are able to partially offset the lost branding revenues from Chase with surcharge fees to their customers, our U.S. same-store revenues were up approximately 2% during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Excluding locations that were impacted by the Chase debranding activity, the remainder of our U.S. ATM fleet produced same-store withdrawals that were up approximately 1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our comparable same-store revenues for our U.S. ATMs were up approximately 3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, driven by new branding of certain locations, incremental Allpoint related revenues, and surcharge rate increases at certain locations. Excluding ATM locations that have been recently debranded, we expect an approximately flat withdrawal transaction growth rate on a same-store basis on our domestic ATMs in the near-term. 

In July 2015, we received notification from 7-Eleven Inc. ( 7-Eleven ) that they do not intend on renewing their ATM placement agreement in the U.S. with us upon expiration of the agreement in July 2017. 7-Eleven announced that it has selected a related entity of 7-Eleven s parent company as its next ATM provider. 7-Eleven in the U.S. represents the single largest merchant customer in our portfolio, and comprised approximately 18% of our pro forma total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our existing agreement with 7-Eleven remains in effect until July 2017. At this time, we do not expect a significant change in our revenues and earnings associated with this contract through July 2017 as a result of this notification; however, we do expect that our revenue and earnings growth will be lower during the latter part of 2017 as we remove our ATMs from 7-Eleven stores in the U.S. We are currently in discussions with 7-Eleven to manage the transition.  

Withdrawal Transaction and Revenue Trends - U.K.     In recent periods, we have installed more free-to-use ATMs as compared to surcharging pay-to-use ATMs in the U.K., which is our largest operation in Europe. This is due in part to adding major corporate customers who tend to operate primarily in high traffic locations where free-to-use ATMs are more prevalent. Although we earn less revenue per cash withdrawal transaction on a free-to-use machine, the significantly higher volume of transactions conducted on free-to-use machines have generally translated into higher overall revenues. Our same-store withdrawal transactions were up approximately 3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The most recent quarter was above our recent experience rate of flat to down 2% and was positively impacted by a higher uptime compared to the year ago period in which we were transitioning service on a large number of our ATMs. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, our organic revenue growth rate in the U.K. was over 10% on a constant-currency basis, as we benefited from the same-store transaction growth rate and have been able to secure several ATM placement agreements with new and existing relationships. We also benefited from a higher interchange rate compared to 2015. Additionally, through our significant operating scale in this market, we have been able to grow our profit margins with the additional revenues from the expanded ATM estate. 

Europay, MasterCard, Visa ( EMV ) Standard in the U.S.   The EMV standard provides for the security and processing of information contained on microchips embedded in certain debit and credit cards, known as  chip cards.  MasterCard Inc. ( MasterCard ) announced plans for a liability shift from the issuers of these cards to the party that has not made the investment in EMV equipment (acquirer) on various dates. Similarly, Visa Inc. s ( Visa ) liability shift will occur in October 2017 for all transaction types in the U.S. relative to U.S. or international EMV-issued cards. Under these liability shifts, transactions may still occur on a non-EMV-compliant ATM, but the operator of that ATM would be liable for any fraudulent transactions. MasterCard s liability shift on International Maestro ( Maestro ) transactions occurred in April 2013, and as a result of this liability shift we have not experienced a significant financial or operational impact on our business or results. Maestro transactions currently comprise less than 1% of our U.S. transaction volume. However, as of the Maestro liability shift date of April 2013, we implemented additional fraud monitoring methods to minimize fraud losses and have seen minimal fraud losses from Maestro transactions in the U.S. MasterCard s liability shift for U.S. ATM transactions on EMV-issued cards occurred on October 21, 2016. At this time, neither MasterCard nor Visa are requiring mandatory upgrades to ATM equipment; however, all of our recent ATM deployments have been ATMs that are EMV-ready. Presently, we are in the process of upgrading our U.S. ATM fleet to be EMV-compliant and our current plan will result in the majority of our Company-owned ATMs becoming EMV-compliant in early 2017. Due to the significant operational challenges of enabling EMV and hardware and software enhancements across our remaining non-EMV compliant U.S. ATM fleet, which comprises many types and models of ATMs, along with potential compatibility issues   

45 

Table of Contents  

with various software and processing platforms, we could experience increased downtime in our U.S. ATM fleet through early 2017. As a result of this potential downtime, we could suffer lost revenues or incur penalties with certain of our contracts. Additionally, we may incur increased charges from networks associated with actual or potentially fraudulent transactions and/or incur additional administrative overhead costs to support the handling of an increased volume of disputed transactions. We may also experience a higher rate of unit count or transaction attrition for our merchant-owned ATMs and ATMs for which we process transactions, as we may elect to disable certain ATMs or certain transaction types for merchant-owned ATMs that are not EMV-enabled in the future. We are currently offering programs to make EMV upgrades attractive to merchants that own their ATMs. We continue to invest in technology and processes to prevent and detect fraudulent transactions across our network. However, no system or process can eliminate the risk of fraud and still maintain transaction volumes comparable to recent levels.  

Capital Investments.   We anticipate an elevated level of capital investment through early 2017 to support the EMV requirements discussed above and other factors discussed in greater detail below. The higher levels of capital spending in 2016 are being driven by the EMV requirements, coupled with other factors including: (i) our strategic initiatives to enhance the consumer experience at our ATMs and drive transaction growth, (ii) increased demand from merchants and financial institutions for multi-function ATMs, (iii) competition for new merchant and customer contracts, (iv) a significant number of long-term renewals of existing merchant contracts, (v) certain software and hardware enhancements required to facilitate our strategic initiatives, enhance security, and to continue running supported versions, and (vi) other compliance related matters. As a result of the increased capital investments being planned, we are working to optimize our existing assets, but it is possible that as a result of this activity, we could incur some asset write-offs or impairments and increased depreciation expense. 

Financial Regulatory Reform in the U.K. and the European Union.   In March 2013, the U.K. Treasury department issued a formal recommendation to further regulate the U.K. payments industry, including LINK, the nation s formal ATM scheme. In October 2013, the U.K. government responded by establishing the new Payment Systems Regulator ( PSR ) to oversee payment systems operating in the U.K. and its participants. The PSR went live in April 2015, and to date, there has been no significant immediate financial or operational impact. 

U.K. Planned Exit from the European Union ( Brexit ).   On June 23, 2016, the U.K. voted to leave the European Union. The U.K. Government has since made public its intention to commence formal exit proceedings by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union no later than March 21, 2017. Prior to the referendum, we   considered how both potential outcomes of the Brexit vote might impact our decision to redomicile to the U.K. and determined that, regardless of the Brexit result, the decision would be in the best interests of our shareholders. One impact, however, of the Brexit vote has been a substantial devaluation of the British pound relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, our reported financial results have been adversely impacted during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. We expect this devaluation to remain and impact us at least through to the end of 2016. 

Redomicile to the U.K.     On July 1, 2016, the location of incorporation of the parent company of the Cardtronics group of companies was changed from Delaware to the U.K., whereby Cardtronics plc, a public limited company organized under English law ( Cardtronics plc ), became the new publicly traded corporate parent of the Cardtronics group of companies following the completion of the merger between Cardtronics, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Cardtronics Delaware ), and one of its subsidiaries (the  Merger ). The Merger was completed pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 27, 2016, the adoption of which was approved by Cardtronics Delaware s stockholders on June 28, 2016 (collectively, the  Redomicile Transaction ).  

Pursuant to the Redomicile Transaction,   each issued and outstanding share of Cardtronics Delaware common stock held immediately prior to the Merger was effectively converted into one Class A Ordinary Share, nominal value $0.01 per share, of Cardtronics plc (collectively,  Ordinary Shares ). Upon completion, the Ordinary Shares were listed and began trading on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol  CATM,  the same symbol under which shares of Cardtronics Delaware common stock were formerly listed and traded.   Likewise, equity plans and/or awards granted thereunder were assumed by Cardtronics plc and amended to provide that those plans and/or awards will now provide for the award and issuance of Ordinary Shares. Furthermore, all shares of Cardtronics Delaware treasury stock were cancelled in the Redomicile Transaction. 

46 

Table of Contents  

Any references to  the Company,   us,  or  we,  or any similar references relating to periods before the Redomicile Transaction shall be construed as references to Cardtronics Delaware being the previous parent company of the Cardtronics group of companies. The Redomicile Transaction was accounted for as an internal reorganization of entities under common control, and therefore, Cardtronics Delaware s assets and liabilities have been accounted for at their historical cost basis and not revalued in the transaction.   The Redomicile Transaction is discussed in more detail in   Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 3. Stock-Based Compensation, Note 5. Stockholders  Equity, Note 8. Long-Term Debt,   and   Note 16. Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information  . 

In conjunction with the redomicile to the U.K., we realized a lower tax rate in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and expect a lower overall effective tax rate for the remaining months of 2016 compared to the prior year. Due to a number of factors including the mix of earnings across jurisdictions, post-redomicile structuring, regulations recently finalized by the U.S. Treasury, and other factors, we expect some volatility in the effective tax rate in the next few periods.  

New Currency Designs in the U.K.   Polymer notes were introduced by the Bank of England in 2016 and will be further circulated through 2020. The introduction of these new currency designs have required upgrades to software and physical device components on our ATMs in the U.K. Upgrades will continue into 2017 and may result in some limited downtime for the ATMs requiring upgrades. However, at this time, we have not experienced and do not anticipate any material adverse financial or operational impact as a result of the new requirements to handle these new notes.  

Acquisitions.     On July 1, 2015, we completed the acquisition of CDS for a total purchase price of $80.6 million. CDS is a leading independent transaction processor for ATM deployers and payment card issuers, providing solutions to ATM sales and service organizations and financial institutions.  

On April 13, 2016, we completed the acquisition of a 2,600 location ATM portfolio in the U.S. whereby we acquired ATMs and operating contracts with merchants at various retail locations. This acquisition was affected through multiple closings taking place primarily in April of 2016. The total cash purchase price of approximately $13.8 million was paid in installments corresponding to each close.  

On October 3, 2016, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire DirectCash Payments Inc. ( DCPayments ) for approximately CAD$605 million (approximately $460 million), including the amounts needed to repay the estimated outstanding indebtedness of DCPayments, excluding any associated transaction-related costs. DCPayments is a leading global ATM services provider with approximately 25,000 ATMs located in Australia, Canada, the U.K., Mexico, and New Zealand. Subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including the approval of the DCPayments shareholders, and court approval, as required by applicable law, the transaction is expected to close early in the first quarter of 2017. We are currently assessing options for financing the acquisition and have secured commitments from financial institutions in our existing revolving credit facility to provide the borrowing capacity needed to complete the acquisition. 

Divestitures.     On July 1, 2015, we completed the divestiture of our retail cash-in-transit operation in the U.K. This business was primarily engaged in the collection of cash from retail locations and was originally acquired through the Sunwin acquisition completed in November 2014. We recognized divestiture proceeds of approximately $39 million in 2015. Approximately $31 million was collected during the year ended December 31, 2015, and the remainder was collected during the six months ended June 30, 2016. The net pre-tax gain recognized on this transaction in 2015 was $16.6 million. During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we reached resolution of certain contingent terms in the agreement and recorded an additional pre-tax gain of approximately $1.8 million.  

For additional discussion related to the acquisition and divestiture discussions above, see   Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 2. Acquisitions and Divestitures  . 

Factors Impacting Comparability Between Periods 

Foreign currency exchange rates  . Our reported financial results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We estimate that the year-over-year strengthening in the U.S. dollar relative to the currencies      

47 

Table of Contents  

in the foreign markets in which we operate caused our reported revenues to be lower by approximately $29.1 million, or 3.3%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As the U.S. dollar has continued to generally gain strength relative to the foreign currencies where we operate our international businesses, and in particular against the British pound after the vote for the U.K. to leave the European Union, we expect that the remainder of our 2016 financial results will also be adversely impacted.     

Acquisitions and divestitures  . The results of operations for any acquired entities during a particular year have been included in our consolidated results for that year since the respective dates of acquisition. Similarly, the results of operations for any divested operations have been excluded from our consolidated results since the dates of divestiture. We do not believe these effects are material in the periods presented.     

48 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth line items from our Consolidated Statements of Operations as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated. Percentages may not add due to rounding. 

(1) 

Excludes effects of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets of $27.1 million and $27.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $82.4 million and $77.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See   Item 1. Financial Statements,     Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation   (e) Cost of ATM Operating Revenues and Gross Profit Presentation  . The inclusion of this depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets in Cost of ATM operating revenues would have increased our Cost of ATM operating revenues as a percentage of total revenues by 8.3% and 8.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 8.6% and 8.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     

(3) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $1.0 million and $12.2 million, respectively, in expenses associated with the Redomicile Transaction.     

49 

Table of Contents  

Key Operating Metrics  

We rely on certain key measures to gauge our operating performance, including total transactions, total cash withdrawal transactions, ATM operating revenues per ATM per month, and ATM operating gross profit margin. The following table sets forth information regarding certain of these key measures for the periods indicated, including the effect of the acquisitions. 

(1) 

Certain ATMs previously reported in this category are now included in the United States: Managed services - Processing Plus and Processing operations and United States: Company-owned categories.     

(2) 

Amounts presented exclude the effect of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets, which is presented separately in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. See   Item 1. Financial Statements,     Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (e) Cost of ATM Operating Revenues and Gross Profit Presentation  .       

(3) 

Revenues and expenses relating to managed services, processing, ATM equipment sales, and other ATM-related services are not included in this calculation.       

50 

Table of Contents  

Revenues 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

ATM operating revenues.   ATM operating revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $18.0 million, or 6.0%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The following table details, by segment, the changes in the various components of ATM operating revenues: 

51 

Table of Contents  

North America  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our North American operations, which include our operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico, increased $17.2 million, or 8.7%, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by the U.S. and   (i) increased surcharge and interchange revenues primarily as a result of the recently completed acquisition, see the   Recent Events and Trends - Acquisitions   section above, (ii) an increase in bank-branding and surcharge-free network revenues resulting primarily from the continued growth of participating banks and other financial institutions in our Allpoint network, and (iii) slightly higher per transaction surcharge rates.   Our Canada and Mexico operations did not contribute appreciably to our revenue growth in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Europe  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our European operations, which include our operations in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, and our ATM advertising business, decreased $0.1 million, or 0.1%, compared to the same period in 2015. The ATM operating revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $94.2 million would have been higher by $15.6 million, or an additional 16.6%, absent foreign currency exchange rate movements from the prior year. The increase (excluding effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes) is attributable to organic ATM operating revenue growth, driven by an increase in the number of transacting ATMs related to recent ATM placement agreements with new merchants, a higher same-store transaction rate, and higher interchange rates in the U.K. For additional information relating to our constant-currency calculations, see the   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section that follows.  

Corporate   Other.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our Corporate   Other segment, which include our transaction processing businesses and corporate functions, increased 7.3%. The increase was driven by an increase in the number of ATMs for which we provide transaction processing and the resulting processing volume. 

ATM product sales and other revenues.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, ATM product sales and other revenues decreased $1.0 million compared to the same period in 2015. T  his decrease was primarily attributable to our July 1, 2015 divestiture of the retail cash-in-transit component of the previously acquired Sunwin business in the U.K., which contributed to our 2015 results while the business was being transferred. 

52 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

ATM operating revenues.   ATM operating revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $75.9 million, or 9.0%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The following table details, by segment, the changes in the various components of ATM operating revenues: 

North America  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our North American operations increased $45.1 million, or 7.8%, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by the U.S. and   (i) increased surcharge and interchange revenues primarily as a result of the recently completed acquisition, see the   Recent Events and Trends - Acquisitions   section above, (ii) an increase in bank-branding and surcharge-free network revenues resulting primarily from continued growth of participating banks and other financial institutions in our Allpoint network, and (iii) slightly higher per transaction surcharge rates.   Our Canada and Mexico operations did not contribute appreciably to our revenue growth during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Europe  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our European operations increased $18.9 million, or 7.3%, compared to the same period in 2015. The ATM operating revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $276.5 million would have been higher by $26.2 million, or an additional 10.2%, absent foreign currency exchange rate movements from the prior year. The increase (excluding effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes) is attributable to organic ATM operating revenue growth, driven by an increase in the number of transacting ATMs related to recent ATM placement agreements with new merchants, and higher interchange rates in the U.K. For additional information relating to our constant-currency calculations, see the   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section that follows.  

Corporate   Other.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, ATM operating revenues in our Corporate   Other segment increased $13.2 million compared to the same period in 2015. The CDS acquisition completed during the third quarter of 2015 accounted for the majority of the increase. 

ATM product sales and other revenues.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, ATM product sales and other revenues decreased $17.4 million compared to the same period in 2015. T  his decrease was primarily attributable to our 2015 divestiture of the retail cash-in-transit component of the previously acquired Sunwin business in the U.K., which was included in our 2015 results. 

53 

Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues 

(1) 

Exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets.     

54 

Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets).   Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $10.6 million, or 5.7%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The following table details, by segment, the changes in the various components of Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets): 

North America  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets) increased $12.0 million, or 9.8%, compared to the same period in 2015.    The increase was primarily driven by revenue growth, including the recently completed acquisition and maintenance costs, which are higher primarily due to recent software upgrades at a number of our Company-owned locations.  

Europe  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) decreased $2.5 million, or 4.1%, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was largely due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Adjusted for changes in foreign currency exchange rates, cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets) were up $7.4 million, or 12.0%, which was lower than our constant-currency revenue growth rate as we also realized cost savings through rationalization of our servicing operations, including the number of cash replenishment depots we operate to service our ATMs.  

55 

Table of Contents  

Corporate   Other.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) increased $1.1 million compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was driven by the corresponding revenue growth. 

Cost of ATM product sales and other revenues.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM product sales and other revenues decreased $1.4 million compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease is consistent with the decrease in related revenues as discussed above. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets).   Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $43.3 million, or 8.1%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The following table details, by segment, the changes in the various components of Cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets): 

North America  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets) increased $34.5 million, or 9.5%, compared to the same period in 2015.   The increase was driven by revenue growth, including the recently completed acquisition, higher merchant   

56 

Table of Contents  

commissions expense associated with recent contract renewals, and higher maintenance costs. The higher maintenance costs related primarily to recent software upgrades at a number of our Company-owned locations.  

Europe  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) increased $2.2 million, or 1.3%, compared to the same period in 2015. Adjusting for changes in foreign currency exchange rates, cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets) were up $19.1 million, or 10.9%. Excluding the foreign currency exchange rate movements, the increase is fairly consistent with the increase in revenues during the period. Additionally, we continued to realize operational efficiencies across our maintenance and cash replenishment functions. 

Corporate   Other.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM operating revenues (exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangibles assets) increased $7.9 million compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was driven by the CDS acquisition, which was completed on July 1, 2015. 

Cost of ATM product sales and other revenues.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of ATM product sales and other revenues decreased $16.3 million compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease is consistent with the decrease in related revenues as discussed above. 

Gross Profit Margin 

ATM operating gross profit margin  . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our ATM operating gross profit margin exclusive of depreciation, accretion, and amortization of intangible assets slightly increased. 

ATM product sales and other revenues gross profit margin.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our gross profit margin on ATM product sales and other revenues increased by 380 and 110 basis points, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increases are primarily the result of the mix of products and services sold compared to prior year. 

57 

Table of Contents  

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses ( SG A expenses ), excluding     stock-based compensation.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, SG A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, increased $2.9 million, or 9.4%, and $13.0 million, or 14.9%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases were due to the following: (i) higher payroll-related costs compared to the same period in 2015 due to increased headcount, (ii) higher professional expenses mostly related to our business growth initiatives, and (iii) increased costs related to strengthening our information technology and product development organizations. 

Stock-based compensation.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, stock-based compensation increased $1.5 million, or 31.1%, and $1.7 million, or 12.3%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases were attributable to the timing and amount of grants made during the applicable periods and higher anticipated company performance relative to targets for performance-based awards in 2016. For additional details on equity awards, see   Item 1. Financial Statements,     Note 3. Stock-Based Compensation  .   

Selling, General, and Administrative - Redomicile-related Expenses 

Redomicile-related expenses.     These costs consist of professional services associated with the Redomicile Transaction described in   Item 1. Financial Statements,     Note 1. General and Basis of Presentation - (a) General  .   

58 

Table of Contents  

Selling, General, and Administrative - Acquisition and Divestiture-related Expenses 

Acquisition and divestiture-related expenses.     Acquisition and divestiture-related expenses consist of professional and legal costs incurred to complete acquisitions and certain other transition and integration-related costs.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,     acquisition and divestiture-related expenses decreased $10.6 million, or 79.8%, and $16.3 million, or 76.7%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. These decreases were driven by the 2015 transactions, including the retail cash-in-transit divestiture and the CDS acquisition. Specifically, the transaction, integration, transition, and severance costs associated with these transactions occurred mostly during 2015. The current year amounts relate to professional fees associated with our recently completed and announced acquisitions and employee severance costs associated with our divestiture discussed above. 

Depreciation and Accretion Expense 

Depreciation expense.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation expense increased $1.4 million, or 6.5%, and $5.3 million, or 8.5%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases were   primarily   driven by increased depreciation expense associated with the deployment of new and replacement Company-owned ATMs and acquisitions in recent periods. 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Amortization of intangible assets.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, amortization of intangible assets decreased by $0.9 million, compared to the same periods in 2015. The slight decrease is attributable to certain assets becoming fully amortized during 2015. 

59 

Table of Contents  

Interest Expense, Net 

Interest expense, net.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense, net, decreased $0.8 million, or 15.2%, and $1.3 million, or 8.8%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. These decreases were primarily   attributable to a decrease in the average outstanding balance under our revolving credit facility  . For additional details, see   Item 1. Financial Statements,     Note 8. Long-Term Debt. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and note discount.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, amortization of deferred financing costs and note discount were generally consistent with the same periods in 2015. 

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense  . The decrease in the effective tax rate during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015 is attributable to the Redomicile Transaction and the post-redomicile structuring, completed on July 1, 2016, and the mix of earnings across jurisdictions. See the   Recent Events and Trends - Redomicile to the U.K  . section above for additional details related to the expected tax impact as a result of our redomicile to the U.K. 

60 

Table of Contents  

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITA, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Net Income per diluted share, Free Cash Flow, and certain results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( U.S. GAAP ), as well as non-GAAP measures on a constant-currency basis represent non-GAAP financial measures provided as a complement to results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. We use these non-GAAP financial measures in managing and measuring the performance of our business, including setting and measuring incentive based compensation for management. We believe that the presentation of these measures and the identification of notable, non-cash, and/or (if applicable in a particular period) certain costs not anticipated to occur in future periods enhance an investor s understanding of the underlying trends in our business and provide for better comparability between periods in different years.   Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITA excludes amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition and divestiture-related expenses, certain non-operating expenses, certain costs not anticipated to occur in future periods (if applicable in a particular period), gains or losses on disposal of assets, our obligation for the payment of income taxes, interest expense, and other obligations such as capital expenditures, and includes an adjustment for noncontrolling interests. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and accretion expense. Depreciation and accretion expense and amortization of intangible assets are excluded as these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures, and the methods by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted Net Income represents net income computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, before amortization of intangible assets, gains or losses on disposal of assets, stock-based compensation expense, certain other expense amounts, acquisition and divestiture-related expenses, certain non-operating expenses, and (if applicable in a particular period) certain costs not anticipated to occur in future periods (together, the  Adjustments ). Prior to June 30, 2016, Adjusted Net Income was calculated using an estimated long-term cross-jurisdictional effective cash tax rate of 32.0%. Subsequent to the redomicile of our parent company to the U.K., we have revised the process for determining our non-GAAP tax rate and now utilizes a non-GAAP tax rate derived from the U.S. GAAP tax rate adjusted for the net tax effects of the identified Adjustments, based on the nature and geography of the Adjustments. For the three month period ended September 30, 2016, the non-GAAP tax rate used to calculate Adjusted Net Income was approximately 24.2%. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used 24.2% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and for the six months ended June 30, 2016, our previous estimated long-term cross-jurisdictional tax rate of 32.0%. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used our previous estimated long-term cross-jurisdictional tax rate of 32.0%. Adjusted Net Income per diluted share is calculated by dividing Adjusted Net Income by weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Free Cash Flow is defined as cash provided by operating activities less payments for capital expenditures, including those financed through direct debt, but excluding acquisitions. The Free Cash Flow measure does not take into consideration certain other non-discretionary cash requirements such as mandatory principal payments on portions of our long-term debt. Management calculates certain U.S. GAAP as well as non-GAAP measures on a constant-currency basis using the average foreign currency exchange rates applicable in the corresponding period of the previous year and applying these rates to the measures. Management uses U.S. GAAP as well as non-GAAP measures on a constant-currency basis to assess performance and eliminate the effect foreign currency exchange rates have on comparability between periods.  

The non-GAAP financial measures presented herein should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income, cash flows from operating, investing, or financing activities, or other income or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP  . Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures used herein to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures are presented as follows: 

61 

Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Controlling Interests and Available to Common Stockholders to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITA, and Adjusted Net Income (in thousands, excluding share and per share amounts) 

(1) 

Includes foreign currency translation gains or losses and other non-operating costs.     

(2) 

Noncontrolling interest adjustment made such that Adjusted EBITDA includes only our ownership interest in the Adjusted EBITDA of our Mexico subsidiary. In December 2015, we increased our ownership interest in our Mexico subsidiary from 51.0% to 95.7%.     

(3) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, amounts exclude a portion of the expenses incurred by our Mexico subsidiary to account for the amounts allocable to the noncontrolling interest stockholders. Our Mexico subsidiary recognized no stock-based compensation expense or interest expense, net in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.     

(4) 

Acquisition and divestiture-related expenses include costs incurred for professional and legal fees and certain other transition and integration-related costs.     

(5) 

Expenses associated with the redomicile of our parent company to the U.K., which was completed on July 1, 2016.     

(6) 

Amounts exclude a portion of the expenses incurred by our Mexico subsidiary to account for the amounts allocable to the noncontrolling interest stockholders. In December 2015, we increased our ownership interest in our Mexico subsidiary.     

(7) 

Calculated using an effective tax rate of approximately 24.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which represents our U.S. GAAP tax rate as adjusted for the tax effects related to the items excluded from Adjusted Net Income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used 24.2% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and for the six months ended June 30, 2016, our previous estimated long-term cross-jurisdictional tax rate of 32.0%.     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used our previous estimated long-term cross-jurisdictional tax rate of 32.0%. See the   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section above for further discussion.     

62 

Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP Revenue to Constant-Currency Revenue 

63 

Table of Contents  

Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Net Income per diluted share on a Non-GAAP basis to Constant-Currency  

(1) 

As reported on the   Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Controlling Interests and Available to Common Stockholders to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITA, and Adjusted Net Income   above for further discussion.     

(1) 

As reported on the   Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Controlling Interests and Available to Common Stockholders to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITA, and Adjusted Net Income   above for further discussion.     

Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow 

64 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As of September 30, 2016, we had $59.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and $485.6 million in outstanding long-term debt. 

We have historically funded our operations primarily through cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, and the issuance of debt and equity securities. We have historically used a portion of our cash flows to invest in additional ATMs, either through the acquisition of ATM networks or through organic growth. We have also used cash to pay interest and principal amounts outstanding under our borrowings. Because we collect a sizable portion of our cash from sales on a daily basis but generally pay our vendors on 30-day terms and are not required to pay certain of our merchants until 20 days after the end of each calendar month, we are able to utilize the excess available cash flow to reduce borrowings made under our revolving credit facility and to fund capital expenditures. Accordingly, it is not uncommon for us to reflect a working capital deficit position on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

We believe that our cash on hand and our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and contractual commitments for the next 12 months. We expect to fund our working capital needs from cash flows from our operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, to the extent needed. See additional discussion under the   Investing Activities   Acquisitions   and   Financing Facilities   section below. 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $213.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $147.1 million during the same period in 2015. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to our profitable operations before non-cash expenses and changes in working capital. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities totaled $86.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $171.1 million during the same period in 2015. The change in net cash used in investing activities is primarily related to a lower level of capital expenditures and acquisitions compared to the same period in 2015.  

Anticipated future capital expenditures.   We currently anticipate that the majority of our capital expenditures for the foreseeable future will be driven by organic growth projects, including the purchase of ATMs for existing as well as new ATM management agreements and various compliance requirements as discussed in the   Recent Events and Trends - Capital Investments   section above  .    We expect that our capital expenditures for 2016 will total   approximately $120 million to $130 million, the   majority of which   is expected to be utilized to support new business growth, along with technology and compliance upgrades to enhance our existing ATM equipment with additional functionalities. We expect such expenditures to be funded primarily through cash from our operations and should be able to fund all capital expenditures internally.  

Acquisitions  . We continually evaluate acquisition opportunities that complement our existing business. We believe that expansion opportunities exist in all of our current markets, as well as in other international markets, and we will continue to pursue those opportunities as they arise. Such acquisition opportunities, individually or in the aggregate, could be material and may be funded by additional borrowing under our revolving credit facility or other financial sources that may be available to us. 

As discussed in the   Recent Events and Trends - Acquisitions   section above, on October 3, 2016, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire   DCPayments   for approximately CAD$605 million (approximately $460 million). The acquisition is expected to close early in the first quarter of 2017.   We are currently assessing options for financing the acquisition and have secured commitments from financial institutions in our existing revolving credit facility to provide the borrowing capacity needed to complete the acquisition.    

65 

Table of Contents  

Financing Activities 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities totaled $(93.1) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $13.3 million for the same period in 2015. The cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to repayments of borrowings on our revolving credit facility.  

Financing Facilities 

As of September 30, 2016, we had $485.6 million in outstanding long-term debt, which was comprised of: (i) $287.5 million of the 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (the  Convertible Notes ) of Cardtronics Delaware, of which $238.4 million was recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of the unamortized discount and capitalized debt issuance costs and (ii) $250.0 million of the 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022 (the  2022 Notes   ) of Cardtronics Delaware,   of which $247.2 million was recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of capitalized debt issuance costs. 

Revolving Credit Facility.   As of September 30, 2016, we had a $375.0 million revolving credit facility that was led by a syndicate of banks including JPMorgan Chase, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. This revolving credit facility provides us with $375.0 million in available borrowings and letters of credit (subject to the covenants contained within the Credit Agreement governing the revolving credit facility) and can be increased up to $500.0 million under certain conditions and subject to additional commitments from the lender group. On July 1, 2016, we entered into a Third Amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to our amended and restated credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ). Under the Third Amendment, (i) Cardtronics plc and certain of its subsidiaries were added as borrowers and guarantors, (ii) Cardtronics Delaware was removed as a borrower, but remained a guarantor, (iii) the maturity date of the Credit Agreement was extended to July 1, 2021, (iv) Cardtronics Europe Limited continued as a borrower and a guarantor, and (v) the total commitment under the Credit Agreement of $375.0 million (the  Commitment ) did not change, but can now be borrowed in U.S. dollars, alternative currencies, or a combination thereof. The Third Amendment provides for sub-limits under the Commitment of $50.0 million for swingline loans and $30.0 million for letters of credit. 

Borrowings (not including swingline loans and alternative currency loans) accrue interest at our option at either the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin depending on the our most recent Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The margin for Alternative Base Rate loans varies between 0% and 1.25% and the margin for Adjusted LIBO Rate loans varies between 1.00% and 2.25%. Swingline loans denominated in U.S. dollars bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus a margin as described above and swingline loans denominated in alternative currencies bear interest at the Overnight LIBO Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus the applicable margin for the Adjusted LIBO Rate. Substantially all of our U.S. assets, including the stock of our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries and 66.0% of the stock of the first-tier non-U.S. subsidiaries of Cardtronics Delaware, are pledged as collateral to secure borrowings made under the revolving credit facility. Furthermore, each of our material wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries has guaranteed the full and punctual payment of the obligations under the revolving credit facility. The obligations of the CFC Borrowers (as defined in the Credit Agreement) are secured by the assets of the CFC Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which do not guarantee the obligations of our U.S. subsidiaries. There are currently no restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends to us.  

The Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for similar credit arrangements, including, among other things, covenants relating to: (i) financial reporting and notification, (ii) payment of obligations, (iii) compliance with applicable laws, and (iv) notification of certain events. Financial covenants in the Credit Agreement require us to maintain: (i) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no more than 2.25 to 1.00, (ii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Total Net Leverage Ratio of no more than 4.00 to 1.00, and (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no less than 1.50 to 1.0. Additionally, we are limited on the amount of restricted payments, including dividends, which we can make pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement; however, we   

66 

Table of Contents  

may generally make restricted payments so long as no event of default exists at the time of such payment and our Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 3.0 to 1.0 at the time such restricted payment is made. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under our $375.0 million revolving credit facility and were in compliance with all applicable covenants and ratios under the revolving credit facility.  

$250.0 Million 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022.   On July 28, 2014, Cardtronics Delaware issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an indenture dated July 28, 2014 (the  Indenture ) among Cardtronics Delaware, certain subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. Interest on the 2022 Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 1st and August 1st of each year.  

On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, certain subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into a supplemental indenture (the  Senior Notes Supplemental Indenture ) with respect to the 2022 Notes. The Senior Notes Supplemental Indenture provides for the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by Cardtronics plc of the prompt payment, when due, of any amount owed to the holders of the 2022 Notes. Furthermore, certain additional subsidiary guarantors were also added as guarantors to the 2022 Notes. 

As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants required under the 2022 Notes. 

$287.5 Million 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020.   In November 2013, Cardtronics Delaware completed a private placement of the Convertible Notes that pay interest semi-annually at a rate of 1.00% per annum and mature on December 1, 2020. There are no restrictive covenants associated with these Convertible Notes. Cardtronics Delaware is required to pay interest semi-annually on June 1st and December 1st of each year.  

On July 1, 2016, Cardtronics plc, Cardtronics Delaware, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, entered into a supplemental indenture (the  Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture ) with respect to the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture provides for the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by Cardtronics plc of the prompt payment, when due, of any amount owed to the holders of the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes Supplemental Indenture also provides that, from and after the effective date of the Redomicile Transaction, the Convertible Notes will be convertible into shares of Cardtronics plc in lieu of common stock of Cardtronics Delaware. 

Cardtronics Delaware is permitted to settle any conversion obligation under the Convertible Notes, in excess of the principal balance, in cash, shares, or a combination of cash and shares, at its election. We intend to satisfy any conversion premium by issuing shares. For additional details, see   Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 8. Long-Term Debt  . 

New Accounting Standards 

See   Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 18. New Accounting Pronouncements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

The following market risk disclosures should be read in conjunction with the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk contained in our 2015 Form 10-K.  

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. The following quantitative and qualitative information is provided about financial instruments to which we were a party at September 30, 2016, and from which we may incur future gains or losses from changes in market interest rates or foreign currency exchange prices. We do not enter into derivative or other financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 

Hypothetical changes in interest rates and foreign currencies chosen for the following estimated sensitivity analysis are considered to be reasonably possible near-term changes generally based on consideration of past fluctuations for each risk category. However, since it is not possible to accurately predict future changes in interest rates and foreign currencies, these hypothetical changes may not necessarily be an indicator of probable future fluctuations. 

67 

Table of Contents  

Interest Rate Risk 

Vault cash rental expense.   Because our ATM vault cash rental expense is based on market rates of interest, it is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates in the respective countries in which we operate. In the U.S., the U.K., Ireland, and Germany we pay a monthly fee to our vault cash providers on the average amount of vault cash outstanding under a formula based on the respective market s London Interbank Offered Rates. In Mexico we pay a monthly fee to our vault cash provider under a formula based on the Interbank Equilibrium Interest Rate (commonly referred to as the  TIIE ). In Canada we pay interest to our vault cash providers based on the average amount of vault cash outstanding under a formula based on the Bank of Canada s bankers  acceptance rate. 

As a result of the significant sensitivity surrounding our vault cash rental expense, we have entered into a number of interest rate swaps to effectively fix the rate we pay on the amounts of our current and anticipated outstanding vault cash balances.   During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we entered into new forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of  550.0 million. These swap agreements begin on January 1, 2017, with  250.0 million terminating December 31, 2019 and  300.0 million terminating December 31, 2020.  

Effective June 29, 2016, one of our interest rate swap counterparties exercised its right to terminate a $200.0 million notional amount, 2.40% fixed-rate, contract that was previously designated as a cash flow hedge of our 2019 and 2020 vault cash rental payments. The designated vault cash rental payments remain probable; therefore, upon termination and as of that date, we recognized an unrealized loss of $4.9 million in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The terminated contract was effectively novated by the previous counterparty and we entered into a similar $200.0 million notional amount, 2.52% fixed-rate interest rate swap, with a new counterparty, which we designated as a cash flow hedge of our 2019 and 2020 vault cash rental payments. The modified terms resulted in ineffectiveness of $0.4 million recognized in the Other expense line item in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three months ended June 30, 2016. The ineffectiveness recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was immaterial. 

The notional amounts, weighted average fixed rates, and terms associated with our interest rate swap contracts that are currently in place (as of the date of the issuance of these financial statements) are as follows: 

Summary of Interest Rate Exposure on Average Vault Cash Outstanding 

The following table presents a hypothetical sensitivity analysis of our annual vault cash rental expense in North America based on our average outstanding vault cash balances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and assuming a 100 basis point increase in interest rates (in millions): 

68 

Table of Contents  

We also have terms in certain of our North America contracts with merchants and financial institution partners where we can decrease fees paid to merchants or effectively increase the fees paid to us by financial institutions if vault cash rental costs increase. Such protection will serve to reduce but not eliminate the exposure calculated above. Furthermore, we have the ability in North America to partially mitigate our interest rate exposure through our operations. We believe we can reduce the average outstanding vault cash balance as interest rates rise by visiting ATMs more frequently with lower cash amounts. This ability to reduce outstanding vault cash balances is partially constrained by the incremental cost of more frequent ATM visits. Our contractual protections with merchants and financial institution partners and our ability to reduce outstanding cash balances will serve to reduce but not eliminate interest rate exposure. 

Our sensitivity to changes in interest rates in Europe is partially   mitigated by the interchange rate setting methodology that impacts our U.K. interchange revenue. Under this methodology, expected interest rate costs are utilized to determine the interchange rate that is set on an annual basis.   As a result of this structure, should interest rates rise in the U.K., causing our operating expenses to rise, we would expect to see a rise in interchange rates (and our revenues), albeit with some time lag.   As discussed above, to further mitigate our risk, we entered into new forward-starting interest rate swaps that commence on January 1, 2017. As a result, our exposure to floating interest payments in Europe has been fixed to the extent of the  550.0 million notional amount. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had a total liability of $60.6 million recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets related to our interest rate swaps, which represented the fair value liability of the agreements, as derivative instruments are required to be carried at fair value. The fair value estimate was calculated as the present value of amounts estimated to be received or paid to a marketplace participant in a selling transaction. These swaps are valued using pricing models based on significant other observable inputs (Level 2 inputs under the fair value hierarchy prescribed by U.S. GAAP), the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified into earnings in the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period or periods during which the hedged item affects earnings.  

Interest expense.   Our interest expense is also sensitive to changes in interest rates as borrowings under our revolving credit facility accrue interest at floating rates. We have had relatively low amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility in recent periods, and as a result, our recent exposure to floating interest rates has been low on our outstanding indebtedness. We may, however,   borrow additional amounts under our revolving credit facility in the future, and, in the event we borrow amounts and interest rates significantly increase, the interest that we would be required to pay would be more significant.   We have not entered into interest rate hedging arrangements in the past to hedge our interest rate risk for our borrowings, and have no plans to do so. Due to fluctuating balances in the amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility, we do not believe such arrangements to be cost effective. 

Outlook.   If we continue to experience low short-term interest rates in the countries in which we operate, it will be beneficial to the amount of interest expense we incur under our revolving credit facility and our vault cash rental expense. Although we currently hedge a substantial portion of our vault cash interest rate risk in the U.S. and future vault cash interest rate risk in the U.K., we may not be able to enter into similar arrangements for similar amounts in the future, and any significant increase in interest rates in the future could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations by increasing our operating costs and expenses. However, we expect that the impact on our financial statements from a significant increase in interest rates would be partially mitigated by the interest rate swaps that we currently have in place associated with our vault cash balances in the U.S. and the U.K. and other protective measures we have put in place.  

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

As a result of our operations in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Spain, Mexico, and Canada, we are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, specifically with respect to changes in the U.S. dollar relative to the British pound, Euro, Polish zloty, Mexican peso, and the Canadian dollar. All of our international subsidiaries are consolidated into our financial results and are subject to risks typical of international businesses including, but not limited to, differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing and changing tax regimes, other regulations and restrictions, and foreign currency exchange rate volatility. Furthermore, we are required to translate our foreign functional balance sheets and results of our international operations into U.S. dollars, with any corresponding translation gains or   

69 

Table of Contents  

losses being recorded in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net line item in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2016, this accumulated translation loss totaled $72.6 million compared to $45.9 million as of December 31, 2015. 

Our consolidated financial results were significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015. Our total revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 would have been higher by approximately $16.1 million and $29.1 million, respectively, had the foreign currency exchange rates from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, remained unchanged. A sensitivity analysis indicates that, if the U.S. dollar uniformly strengthened or weakened 10.0% against the British pound, Euro, Polish zloty, Mexican peso, or Canadian dollar the effect upon our consolidated operating income would have been approximately $2 million and $4 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Certain intercompany balances are designated as short-term in nature. The changes in these balances related to foreign currency exchange rates have been recorded in our   Consolidated Statements of Operations and we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as it relates to these intercompany balances. 

We do not hold derivative commodity instruments, and all of our cash and cash equivalents are held in money market and checking funds. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Management s Quarterly Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

70 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

For a description of our material pending legal and regulatory proceedings and settlements, see   Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

You should carefully consider the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (as amended, the  2015 Form 10-K ) under   Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors  , in our Proxy Statement, dated May 19, 2016 (the  Proxy Statement ), under   Risk Factors,   in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 (the  Q2 2016 Form 10-Q ) under   Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors  , the risk factors described below and other information included and incorporated by reference in this report. The risk factors set forth in the Proxy Statement and the Q2 2016 Form 10-Q update certain of the risk factors affecting our business since those presented in our 2015 Form 10-K and provide additional risk factors related to the Redomicile Transaction. Except as noted below, there have been no material changes in our assessment of our risk factors from those set forth in our 2015 Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement, and the Q2 2016 Form 10-Q. These risks could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results.  

Completion of the acquisition of DirectCash Payments Inc. ( DCPayments ) is subject to a number of conditions, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived (if permissible under applicable law), the acquisition will not be completed. 

Consummation of our acquisition of DCPayments pursuant to a plan of arrangement is subject to certain closing conditions provided in the arrangement agreement, including, among others, (i) the approval and adoption of the plan of arrangement by (A) not less than 66  % of the votes cast by DCPayments  shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the shareholders meeting; and (B) not less than a majority of the votes cast by DCPayments  shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the shareholders meeting (after excluding the votes cast by persons whose votes may not be included in determining minority approval pursuant to Canadian Multilateral Instrument 61-101     Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions  ); (ii) obtaining a final order from the Court of Queen s Bench of Alberta approving the plan of arrangement; (iii) issuance of a Certificate of Arrangement by the Alberta Registrar of Corporations; and (iv) dissent rights for more than 5% of DCPayments  issued and outstanding common shares cannot have been exercised (and not withdrawn). There can be no assurance that the conditions to the completion of the acquisition will be satisfied or waived (if permissible under applicable law) or that the acquisition will be completed.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

Not applicable. 

71 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

The exhibits required to be filed or furnished pursuant to the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth in the Index to Exhibits accompanying this Form 10-Q, and such Index to Exhibits is incorporated herein by reference.  

72 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CARDTRONICS PLC  

October 27, 2016  

/s/ Edward H. West  

Edward H. West  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and  

Principal Financial Officer)  

October 27, 2016  

/s/ E. Brad Conrad  

E. Brad Conrad  

Chief Accounting Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and  

Principal Accounting Officer)  

73 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Each exhibit identified below is part of this Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit Number  

Description  

2.1  

Arrangement Agreement, dated October 3, 2016, by and between Cardtronics Holdings Limited and DirectCash Payments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on October 7, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

3.1  

Articles of Association of Cardtronics plc   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

4.1  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among Cardtronics, Inc., Cardtronics plc, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, related to Cardtronics, Inc. s 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

4.2  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among Cardtronics, Inc., Cardtronics plc, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  , related to Cardtronics, Inc. s 5.125% Senior Notes due 2022     (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

4.3  

Form of Class A ordinary share certificate for Cardtronics plc   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

10.1  

Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2016, by and between Cardtronics, Inc., Cardtronics plc, the other Borrowers, and Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

10.2   

Deed of Assumption, dated July 1, 2016, executed by Cardtronics plc   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

10.3   

Third Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (as assumed and adopted by Cardtronics plc, effective July 1, 2016)   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cardtronics plc on July 1, 2016, File No. 001-37820).  

10.4  *     

First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Cardtronics USA Inc. and David Dove, dated effective as of August 22, 2016.  

31.1*  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Cardtronics plc pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2*  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of Cardtronics plc pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1**  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of Cardtronics plc pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS*  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

* Filed   herewith.    

** Furnished   herewith.    

Management   contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

74 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 catm-20160930ex104d94cd2.htm
 EX-10.4

catm_Ex10_4

Exhibit 10.4 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT   (   Amendment   ) is entered into by and between Cardtronics USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and David Dove (the    Executive   ) effective as of August 22, 2016. 

WHEREAS  , the Company and the Executive have heretofore entered into that certain Employment Agreement effective September 1, 2013 (the    Employment Agreement   ); and 

WHEREAS  , the Company and the Executive desire to amend the Employment Agreement in certain respects; 

NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises set forth above and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the Company and the Executive hereby agree, effective as of the date first set forth above, that the Employment Agreement shall be and is hereby amended as hereafter provided: 

1.         The Parties acknowledge and mutually agree that, absent an earlier termination for Cause, Executive s employment and the Employment Agreement shall terminate at the end of the Term, on February 28, 2017, which shall also serve as the Date of Termination.  The Parties acknowledge and agree that no further Notice of Termination by either Party shall be required. 

2.         Section 2.2 of the Employment Agreement shall be modified with the addition of following language:  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, from the date of this agreement through February 28, 2017 (the    Transition Period   ), Executive shall not report to work on a daily basis, although Executive shall remain available by telephone and, upon reasonable notice, for individual in-person meetings.  During the Transition Period, Executive shall only represent or perform services for the Company as expressly requested by the Chief Executive Officer of the Parent Company. Executive also acknowledges and agrees that any changes to Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities by reason of or during the Transition Period shall not constitute a Good Reason under the Employment Agreement.  

3.         Section 2.6 of the Employment Agreement shall be modified with the addition of following language: 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Transition Period, Executive shall be permitted to pursue other business activities, including consulting engagements, provided that such are disclosed in advance to the Company and do not otherwise violate any other terms of the Employment Agreement, including but not limited to your obligations under Articles V and VIII.  

4.         Section 7.1(a) of the Employment Agreement shall be modified with the addition of the following language at the end of that subsection: 

1 

In addition to the compensation and benefits set forth above, as a retention and transition incentive, upon the termination of Executive s employment and this Employment Agreement at the expiration of the Term, subject to Executive s continued compliance with the restricted covenants in in Articles V, VI and VII, and Executive s delivery, within 50 days after the date of Executive s termination of employment, of the Release, Executive shall also be entitled to the following:  (i) payment of a one-time bonus of $200,000, payable within 60 days after the date of Executive s termination of employment; and (ii) during the portion, if any, of the 12 month period following the Date of Termination that Executive elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s group health plans under the COBRA, the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage.   

5.         This Amendment (a) shall supersede any prior agreement between the Company and the Executive relating to the subject matter of this Amendment and (b) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and any successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under the Executive. 

6.         Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the terms of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, including but not limited to Articles V through VII, and are hereby confirmed and ratified. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment on this the 22  th   day of August 2016. 

EMPLOYEE   

COMPANY   

CARDTRONICS USA, INC.    

DAVID DOVE  

/s/ David Dove  

By:   

/s/ Debra Bronder  

Name:  

Debra Bronder  

Title:  

Executive Vice President   Human Resources  

2 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 catm-20160930ex3110fdd90.htm
 EX-31.1

catm_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CARDTRONICS PLC 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Steven A. Rathgaber, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  report ) of Cardtronics plc; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ Steven A. Rathgaber  

Steven A. Rathgaber  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 catm-20160930ex312dcf485.htm
 EX-31.2

catm_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND CHIEF OPERATIONS OFFICER OF CARDTRONICS PLC 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Edward H. West, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  report ) of Cardtronics plc; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ Edward H. West  

Edward H. West  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 catm-20160930ex3211cfa58.htm
 EX-32.1

catm_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND CHIEF OPERATIONS OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cardtronics plc ( Cardtronics ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   the undersigned   each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 

(1) 
			 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and     

(2) 
			 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Cardtronics.     

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ Steven A. Rathgaber  

Steven A. Rathgaber  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ Edward H. West  

Edward H. West  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 catm-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 catm-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 catm-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 catm-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 catm-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 catm-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

