<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-K_edgar_data_1048268_0001193125-16-789187_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10057874</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>388186</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1361623</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2398758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4021921</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1551838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-789187.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209083621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-789187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IES Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001048268
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL WORK [1731]
		IRS NUMBER:				760542208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13783
		FILM NUMBER:		162042845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5433 WESTHEIMER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7138601500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5433 WESTHEIMER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Integrated Electrical Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-789187.txt : 20161209

10-K
 1
 d310826d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-K
            
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission File Number 1-13783        

IES Holdings, Inc.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware  
   
  76-0542208   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    5433 Westheimer Road, Suite 500, Houston, Texas, 77056   
  (Address of principal executive offices and ZIP code)   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (713) 860-1500   
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:       

Title of each class   
    
    Name of each exchange on which
registered    

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share  
  Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock   
    
    NASDAQ Global Market  
  NASDAQ Global Market    
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   
         
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the
Registrant on March 31, 2016 held by non-affiliates was approximately $113.5 million. On December 7, 2016, there were 21,456,523 shares of common stock outstanding.  
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     Certain
information contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Registrant to be held on February 7, 2017 is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.  

Table of Contents  

     FORM 10-K   
  IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Table of Contents       

Page  

PART I    

DEFINITIONS    

3 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

3 

Item 1  
    
  BUSINESS  

5 

Item 1A  
    
  RISK FACTORS  

16 

Item 1B  
    
  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

25 

Item 2  
    
  PROPERTIES  

25 

Item 3  
    
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

25 

Item 4  
    
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

25 

PART II    

Item 5  
    
  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY; RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

26 

Item 6  
    
  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

28 

Item 7 
    
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

29 

Item 7A  
    
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

46 

Item 8  
    
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

47 

Item 9 
    
  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

88 

Item 9A  
    
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

88 

Item 9B  
    
  OTHER INFORMATION  

88 

PART III    

Item 10  
    
  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

89 

Item 11  
    
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

89 

Item 12 
    
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

89 

Item 13 
    
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

90 

Item 14  
    
  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

90 

PART IV    

Item 15  
    
  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

91 

SIGNATURES    

96 

EX-21.1   

EX-23.1   

EX-31.1   

EX-31.2   

EX-32.1   

EX-32.2   

Table of Contents  

     PART I   
    DEFINITIONS     In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words  IES , the  Company , the  Registrant ,  we ,  our ,  ours  and  us  refer to IES Holdings, Inc. and, except as otherwise specified
herein, to our subsidiaries.       DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that may be deemed  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, all of which are based upon various estimates and assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable as of the date hereof. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   could,   should,   expect,   plan,   project,   intend,   anticipate,   believe, 
 seek,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   pursue,   target,   continue,  the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These statements involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause the Company s actual future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  

the ability of our controlling shareholder to take action not aligned with other shareholders;        

the sale or disposition of the shares of our common stock held by our controlling shareholder, which, under certain circumstances, would trigger change of control provisions in our severance plan or financing and surety
arrangements; or any other substantial sale of our common stock, which could depress our stock price;        

relatively low trading volume of our common stock, which could depress our stock price;        

the possibility that we issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities that will dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing stockholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common
stock;        

the possibility that certain tax benefits of our net operating losses may be restricted or reduced in a change in ownership;        

the potential recognition of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets;        

the inability to carry out plans and strategies as expected, including our inability to identify and complete acquisitions that meet our investment criteria in furtherance of our corporate strategy;    

limitations on the availability of sufficient credit or cash flow to fund our working capital needs and capital expenditures and debt service;    

difficulty in fulfilling the covenant terms of our credit facilities;        

competition in the industries in which we operate, both from third parties and former employees, which could result in the loss of one or more customers or lead to lower margins on new projects;    

challenges integrating new businesses into the Company or new types of work, products or processes into our segments;        

fluctuations in operating activity due to downturns in levels of construction, seasonality and differing regional economic conditions;    

a general reduction in the demand for our services;        

a change in the mix of our customers, contracts or business;        

our ability to enter into, and the terms of, future contracts;    
      3  

Table of Contents  

our ability to successfully manage projects;        

the possibility of errors when estimating revenue and progress to date on percentage-of-completion contracts;        

interruptions to our information systems and cyber security or data breaches;        

closures or sales of facilities resulting in significant future charges, including potential warranty losses or other unexpected liabilities, or a significant disruption of our operations;    

inaccurate estimates used when entering into fixed-priced contracts;        

the cost and availability of qualified labor and the ability to maintain positive labor relations;        

an increased cost of surety bonds affecting margins on work and the potential for our surety providers to refuse bonding or require additional collateral at their discretion;    

increases in bad debt expense and days sales outstanding due to liquidity problems faced by our customers;        

the recognition of potential goodwill, long-lived assets and other investment impairments;        

credit and capital market conditions, including changes in interest rates that affect the cost of construction financing and mortgages, and the inability for some of our customers to retain sufficient financing which
could lead to project delays or cancellations;        

accidents resulting from the physical hazards associated with our work and the potential for accidents;        

our ability to pass along increases in the cost of commodities used in our business, in particular, copper, aluminum, steel, fuel and certain plastics;    

potential supply chain disruptions due to credit or liquidity problems faced by our suppliers;        

loss of key personnel and effective transition of new management;        

success in transferring, renewing and obtaining electrical and other licenses;        

backlog that may not be realized or may not result in profits;        

uncertainties inherent in estimating future operating results, including revenues, operating income or cash flow;        

disagreements with taxing authorities with regard to tax positions we have adopted;        

the recognition of tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions;        

complications associated with the incorporation of new accounting, control and operating procedures;        

the possibility that our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent all possible errors that could occur;    

the effect of litigation, claims and contingencies, including warranty losses, damages or other latent defect claims in excess of our existing reserves and accruals;    

growth in latent defect litigation in states where we provide residential electrical work for home builders not otherwise covered by insurance;    

the possibility that our current insurance coverage may not be adequate or that we may not be able to obtain a policy at acceptable rates;    

future capital expenditures and refurbishment, repair and upgrade costs; and delays in and costs of refurbishment, repair and upgrade projects; and    

liabilities under laws and regulations protecting the environment.    
      4  

Table of Contents  

  You should understand that the foregoing, as well as other risk factors discussed in this document, including
those listed in Part I, Item 1A of this report under the heading   Risk Factors,   could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those experienced previously or those expressed in such forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any information, including information concerning our controlling shareholder, net operating losses, borrowing availability or cash position, or any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances that may arise after the date of this report. Forward-looking statements are provided in this Form 10-K pursuant to the safe harbor established under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be evaluated in the
context of the estimates, assumptions, uncertainties and risks described herein.      

Item 1.  
     Business            OVERVIEW OF OUR SERVICES   
 IES Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that owns and manages diverse operating subsidiaries across a variety of infrastructure-related end markets. Our
operations are currently organized into four principal business segments, based upon the nature of our current services:      

Communications    Nationwide provider of technology infrastructure services to large corporations and independent businesses.    

Residential    Regional provider of electrical installation services for single-family housing and multi-family apartment complexes.    

Commercial   Industrial    Provider of electrical and mechanical design, construction, and maintenance services to the commercial and industrial markets in various regional markets and
nationwide in certain areas of expertise, such as the power infrastructure market.        

Infrastructure Solutions    Provider of electro-mechanical solutions for industrial operations.    
 Our businesses are managed in a decentralized manner. While sharing common goals and values, each of the Company s segments manages its own day-to-day
operations. Our corporate office is focused on significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and selection of segment leadership, as well as strategic and operational improvement initiatives and the establishment and monitoring of
risk management practices within our segments.    IES Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation established in 1997 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, with
an executive office in Greenwich, Connecticut. In May 2016, we amended our charter to change our name from Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. to IES Holdings, Inc. to better reflect our holding company strategy.  
  CORPORATE STRATEGY     We seek to create
shareholder value through improving operating margins and generating free cash flow by investing in our existing businesses and completing acquisitions. We seek to acquire or invest in stand-alone platform companies based in North America or acquire
businesses that strategically complement our existing business segments. In evaluating potential acquisition candidates, we seek to invest in businesses with, among other characteristics:  

Proven management with a willingness to continue post-acquisition;        

Low technological and/or product obsolescence risk;        

Established market position and sustainable competitive advantages; and        

Strong cash flow characteristics.    
      5  

Table of Contents  

  We believe that acquisitions provide an opportunity to expand into new end markets and diversify our revenue and
profit streams, which we expect will allow us to maximize the value of our significant net operating loss tax carry forwards ( NOLs ). While we may use acquisitions to build our presence in the industries we serve, we will also
consider potential acquisitions in other industries, which could result in changes in our operations from those historically conducted by us.    Recent
Transactions     In fiscal 2016, we acquired four businesses for aggregate consideration of $59.5 million and disposed of one non-core operation, as
described below:    Acquisitions:      

Calumet Armature   Electric, LLC ( Calumet ), an Illinois-based provider of design, manufacturing, assembly, and repair services of electric motors for the industrial and mass transit markets, was acquired
in October 2015 in our Infrastructure Solutions segment.        

Shanahan Mechanical and Electrical, Inc. ( Shanahan ), a Nebraska-based provider of mechanical and electrical contracting services, was acquired in November 2015 in our Commercial   Industrial segment.

An 80% interest in STR Mechanical, LLC ( STR ), a Charlotte, North Carolina-based provider of commercial and industrial mechanical services, including maintenance, repair, and replacement services, and
temperature control system installations, was acquired in April 2016 in our Commercial   Industrial segment.        

Technibus Inc. ( Technibus ), a Canton, Ohio based provider of custom-engineered, metal-enclosed bus duct solutions for use in power distribution was acquired in June 2016 in our Infrastructure Solutions
segment.      Dispositions:      

In April 2016, we sold substantially all of the operating assets of HK Engine Components, LLC ( HKEC ), a non-core operation of our Infrastructure Solutions business that was based in Hagerstown, Maryland and
manufactured and remanufactured EMD-style power assemblies for various engine types used in the railroad and marine markets.      We completed
one acquisition in fiscal 2015:      

Southern Industrial Sales and Services, Inc. ( Southern Rewinding ), a Columbus, Georgia-based motor repair and related field services company was acquired in May 2015 in our Infrastructure Solutions segment.
     For more information on these transactions, please see Note 18,  Business Combinations and Divestitures  in the notes to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.     Controlling Shareholder   
 A majority of our outstanding common stock is owned by Tontine Associates, L.L.C. and its affiliates (collectively,  Tontine ). On October 5, 2016,
Tontine filed an amended Schedule 13D indicating its ownership level of approximately 58%. As a result, Tontine can control most of our affairs, including most actions requiring the approval of shareholders, such as the approval of any potential
merger or sale of all or substantially all assets, segments, or the Company itself. Most of Tontine s shares are registered on a shelf registration statement (the  Shelf Registration Statement ) filed by the Company and declared
effective in 2013 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Tontine s sale of all or any portion of its shares could result in a change of  
      6  

Table of Contents  

control, which would trigger the change of control provisions in a number of our material agreements, including our credit facility, bonding agreements with our sureties and our executive
severance plan. For more information see Note 3,  Controlling Shareholder  in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.     Net
Operating Loss Tax Carry Forward     The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have an estimated federal NOL of approximately $404.0 million at
September 30, 2016, including approximately $142.0 million resulting from the additional amortization of personal goodwill.   In past periods, we had
recorded a significant valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In order for the Company to release this valuation allowance, a substantial amount of positive evidence regarding current and future earnings is required to outweigh the
significant negative evidence associated with historical losses. We have reassessed the need for a valuation allowance at year end fiscal 2016, and due to our significant increase in 2016 earnings over prior years, and four acquisitions completed in
fiscal 2016, combined with the previous closure of underperforming branches which generated significant historical losses, we concluded, based on information currently available, that the more recent positive evidence now outweighs the historical
negative evidence regarding current and future earnings. Therefore, we believe it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize $93.5 of deferred tax assets, including $0.5 million of which were not reserved with
a valuation allowance at the beginning of the year. As a result of this conclusion, we recognized an income tax benefit of $109.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2016. This benefit includes $16.0 million related to the release of a
portion of the valuation allowance in connection with current year earnings and 2016 purchase accounting transactions, as well as $93.0 million for the release of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets expected to be utilized in future years.
However, this valuation allowance release has no impact on the amount of cash paid for income taxes. An inability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to realize our deferred tax assets may lead to recording of additional
valuation allowances in future periods and a reduction in GAAP net income. Further, any future reduction in the federal statutory tax rate could also cause a reduction in the economic benefit of the NOL available to us, and a corresponding charge to
reduce the book value of the deferred tax asset recorded on our balance sheet.    A change in ownership, as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382,
could reduce the availability of NOLs for federal and state income tax purposes. Should Tontine sell or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of its position in IES, a change in ownership could occur. In addition, a change in ownership could result
from the purchase of common stock by an existing or a new 5% shareholder as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Should a change in ownership occur, all net operating losses incurred prior to the change in ownership would be subject to
limitation imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382, which would substantially reduce the amount of NOL currently available to offset taxable income. For more information see Note 3,   Controlling Shareholder   in the notes
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.    On November 8, 2016, the Company implemented a new tax benefit protection plan (the  NOL Rights
Plan ), following the expiration of the Company s prior tax benefit protection plan, which was implemented in January 2013. Like the prior plan, the NOL Rights Plan was designed to deter an acquisition of the Company s stock in
excess of a threshold amount that could trigger a change of control within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 382. For more information see Note 20,   Subsequent Events   in the notes to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   OPERATING SEGMENTS   
 The Company s reportable segments consist of the consolidated business segments identified above, which offer different services and are managed
separately. The table below describes the percentage of our total revenues attributable to each of our four segments over each of the last three years:      
   For additional financial information by segment, see Note 10,  Operating Segments  in the notes to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.    Communications      Business
Description     Originally established in 1984, our Communications segment is a leading provider of network infrastructure services for data centers and
other mission critical environments. Services offered include the design, installation and maintenance of network infrastructure for the financial, medical, hospitality, government, high-tech manufacturing, educational and information technology
industries including for Fortune 500 corporations. We also provide the design and installation of audio/visual, telephone, fire, wireless access and intrusion alarm systems as well as design/build, service and maintenance of data network
systems. We perform services across the United States from our 13 offices, including our Communications headquarters located in Tempe, Arizona, allowing dedicated onsite maintenance teams at our customers  sites.  
  Industry Overview     Our Communications segment is driven
by demand increases for computing and storage resources as a result of technology advancements and obsolescence and changes in data consumption patterns. The data center market remains strong, and we are continuing to expand our offerings in this
market to broaden our customer base. Additionally, demand has been growing for our audio-visual and other building technology offerings. Nevertheless, due to economic, technological and other factors, there can be no assurance that demand will
continue to increase.     Sales and Marketing     Our sales
strategy relies on a concentrated business development effort, with centralized marketing programs and direct end-customer communications and relationships. Due to the mission critical nature of the facilities we service, our end-customers
significantly rely upon our past performance record, technical expertise and specialized knowledge. A significant portion of our Communications business volume is generated from long-term, repeat customers, some of whom use IES as a preferred
provider for major projects.    Our long-term strategy is to improve our position as a preferred mission critical solutions and services provider to large
national corporations and strategic local companies. Key elements of our long-term strategy include continued investment in our employees  technical expertise and expansion of our onsite maintenance and recurring revenue model as well as
opportunistic acquisitions of businesses that serve our markets, consistent with our stated corporate strategy.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

   Competition   
 Our competition consists of both large public companies and small, privately owned contractors who have limited access to capital. We compete on quality of
service and/or price and seek to emphasize our long history of delivering high quality solutions to our customers.    Seasonality and Quarterly
Fluctuations     The effects of seasonality on our Communications business are insignificant, as work generally is performed inside structures protected
from the weather. Our service and maintenance business is also generally not affected by seasonality. However, communications infrastructure spending has historically been highly cyclical. Our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines
in projects resulting from adverse regional or national economic conditions. Quarterly results may also be materially affected by the timing of new construction projects. Accordingly, operating results for any fiscal period are not necessarily
indicative of results that may be achieved for any subsequent fiscal period.     Residential   
  Business Description     Originally established in 1973, our
Residential segment is a leading provider of electrical installation services for single-family housing and multi-family apartment complexes and cable television installations for residential and light commercial applications. In addition to our
core electrical construction work, the Residential segment also provides services for the installation of residential solar power, both for new construction and existing residences. The Residential segment is made up of 32 total locations, which
include the segment headquarters in Houston, Texas. These locations geographically cover the Sun-Belt, Western and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. 
  Industry Overview     Our Residential business is closely
correlated to the single and multi-family housing market. Demand for both single-family and multi-family housing has increased in recent years. Nevertheless, due to economic, technological or other factors there can be no assurance that construction
and demand will continue to increase in the future.     Sales and Marketing   
 Demand for our Residential services is highly dependent on the number of single-family and multi-family home starts in the markets we serve. Although we
operate in multiple states throughout the Sun-Belt, Mid-Atlantic and Western regions of the United States, the majority of our segment revenues are derived from services provided in the state of Texas. Our sales efforts include a variety of
strategies, including a concentrated focus on national homebuilders and multi-family developers and a local sales strategy for single and multi-family housing projects. Our cable and solar revenues are typically generated through third parties
specializing in these industries who select us as a preferred provider of installation services. A significant portion of our Residential business volume is generated from long-term, repeat customers, some of whom use IES as a preferred provider for
major projects.    Our long-term strategy is to continue to be a leading provider of electrical services to the residential market. The key elements of our
long-term strategy include a continued focus on maintaining a low and variable cost structure and cash generation which has allowed us to effectively scale according to the housing cycle. During the housing downturn, we modified our strategy by
expanding into markets less exposed to national building cycles, such as solar panel and cable installation services.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

   Competition   
 Our competition primarily consists of small, privately owned contractors who have limited access to capital. We believe that we have a competitive advantage
over these smaller competitors due to our key employees  long-standing customer relationships, our financial capabilities, and our local market knowledge and competitive pricing. There are few barriers to entry for electrical contracting
services in the residential markets.    Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations   
 Results of operations from our Residential segment can be seasonal, depending on weather trends, with typically higher revenues generated during spring and
summer and lower revenues during fall and winter. Our service and maintenance business is generally not affected by seasonality. In addition, the construction industry has historically been highly cyclical. Our volume of business may be adversely
affected by declines in construction projects resulting from adverse regional or national economic conditions. Quarterly results may also be materially affected by the timing of new construction projects. Accordingly, operating results for any
fiscal period are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved for any subsequent fiscal period.     Commercial   Industrial   
  Business Description     Our Commercial   Industrial
segment offers a broad range of expertise that enables us to provide a wide array of quality services related to electrical and mechanical design, construction, and maintenance to the commercial and industrial markets. The offerings under our
electrical design services platform range from budget assistance to providing design build and LEED (Leadership in Energy   Environmental Design) solutions to our end customers. Our electrical and mechanical construction services range from the
initial planning and procurement to installation and start-up and are offered to a variety of new and remodel construction projects, ranging from the construction of office buildings and industrial facilities to transmission and distribution
projects. The electrical and mechanical maintenance services offered include critical plant shutdown, troubleshooting, emergency testing, preventative maintenance, and constant presence. 
 During fiscal 2016, we expanded our geographic and service offerings with the November 2015 acquisition of Shanahan and added mechanical service offerings
with the April 2016 acquisition of STR.    This segment provides services for a variety of project types, including: office buildings, manufacturing
facilities, data centers, chemical plants, refineries, wind farms, solar facilities and municipal infrastructure and health care facilities. The Commercial   Industrial segment consists of 20 locations, which include the segment
headquarters in Houston, Texas. These locations geographically cover Texas, Nebraska, Colorado, Oregon, and the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.  
  Industry Overview     Given the diverse end markets of our
Commercial   Industrial customers, which include both commercial buildings, such as offices, healthcare facilities and schools, and industrial projects, such as power, chemical, refinery and heavy manufacturing facilities, we are subject to many
trends within the construction industry. In general, demand for our Commercial   Industrial services is driven by construction and renovation activity levels, economic growth, and availability of bank lending. Due to economic, technological or
other factors, there can be no assurance that construction and demand will increase.    Sales and Marketing   
 Our sales focus varies by location, but is primarily based upon regional and local relationships and a demonstrated expertise in certain industries, such as
transmission and distribution. Our maintenance and certain  
      10  

Table of Contents  

renovation and upgrade work tend to be either recurring or experience lower sensitivity to economic cycles, or both. A significant portion of our larger projects are awarded from long-term,
repeat customers. From time to time, we are contracted on projects with completion times extending beyond one year or over several years, which are generally more complex and difficult to estimate.  
 With a focus on quality service offerings, our long-term strategy is to continue to be one of the preferred providers of electrical and mechanical services in
the markets where we have demonstrated expertise and/or are a local market leader. Key elements of our long-term strategy include leveraging our expertise in certain niche markets, expanding our service and maintenance business and maintaining our
focus on returns on risk adjusted capital.     Competition   
 The electrical and mechanical contracting services industry is generally highly competitive and includes a number of regional or small privately-held local
firms. There are few barriers to entry for our electrical and mechanical contracting services in the commercial and industrial markets, which limits our advantages when competing for projects. Industry expertise, project size, location and past
performance will determine our bidding strategy, the level of involvement from competitors and our level of success in winning awards. Our primary advantages vary by location and market, but mostly are based upon local individual relationships with
key customers or a demonstrated industry expertise. Additionally, due to the size of many of our projects, our financial resources help us compete effectively against local competitors.  
  Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations     The effects of
seasonality on our Commercial   Industrial business are insignificant, as work generally is performed inside structures protected from the weather. Most of our service and maintenance business is also generally not affected by seasonality.
However, the construction industry has historically been highly cyclical. Our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines in construction projects resulting from adverse regional or national economic conditions. Quarterly results may
also be materially affected by the timing of new construction projects. Accordingly, operating results for any fiscal period are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved for any subsequent fiscal period.  
  Infrastructure Solutions      Business Description
    Our Infrastructure Solutions segment provides electro-mechanical solutions for industrial operations to domestic and international customers. In
particular, our electro-mechanical services include the maintenance and repair of alternating current (AC) and direct current (DC) electric motors and generators, as well as power generating and distribution equipment; the manufacture,
remanufacture, and repair of industrial lifting magnets; maintenance and repair of railroad main and auxiliary generators, main alternators, and traction motors; and the manufacture of electro mechanical components used in power distribution.  
 This segment serves the steel, railroad, marine, petrochemical, pulp and paper, wind energy, mining, automotive, power generation, scrap yards, and utility
industries. Our Infrastructure Solutions segment is comprised of 10 locations and is headquartered in Ohio. These segment locations geographically cover Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, West Virginia, and California.  
 We further enhanced our geographic and service offering through the October 2015 acquisition of Calumet, an Illinois-based provider of design, manufacturing,
assembly, and repair services of electric motors for the industrial and mass transit markets, which operates as a subsidiary in this segment. Additionally, through the acquisition of Technibus in June 2016, we expanded our solutions capabilities to
include custom-engineered,  
      11  

Table of Contents  

metal enclosed bus duct solutions, which are highly engineered electrical components that conduct electricity between medium-voltage generators, breakers, transformers, and switchgear, primarily
utilized at power generation plants and large electricity-consuming facilities.     Industry Overview   
 Given the diverse end-markets of Infrastructure Solutions  customers, we are subject to many economic trends. In general, demand for our services has
been driven by in-house maintenance departments continuing to outsource maintenance and repair work, output levels and equipment utilization at heavy industrial facilities, railroad companies  and mass transit authorities  capital
investments and repair needs, investment in the United States  aging energy and industrial infrastructure, and the overall health of the economy.  
  Sales and Marketing     Demand for Infrastructure
Solutions  services is largely driven by the degree to which industrial and mechanical services are outsourced by our customers, production rates at steel mills, investments in power generation and other heavy industrial facilities, and the
need for electrical infrastructure improvements. Our sales efforts are primarily driven by personnel based at our 10 locations and independent sales representatives. Given that the majority of our apparatus repair customers are located within a
200-mile radius of our facilities, we believe that this structure allows us to rapidly address and respond to the needs of our customers. Our custom-engineered bus system products and services are principally sold in partnership with an
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) or to an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) firm on behalf of the end-user. Our long term strategy is to be the preferred solutions provider of outsourced electro-mechanical services, repairs, and
manufacturing to our select markets and a leader in custom-engineered metal enclosed bus systems.     Competition   
 Our competition is comprised mainly of small, specialized manufacturing and repair shops, a limited number of other multi-location providers of electric motor
repair, engineering and maintenance services, and various OEMs. Participants in this industry compete primarily on the basis of capabilities, service, quality, timeliness and price. We believe that we have a competitive advantage due to our
breadth of capabilities, focus on quality, technical support and customer service.    Seasonality and Quarterly Fluctuations   
 Infrastructure Solutions  revenues from industrial services may be affected by the timing of scheduled outages at its industrial customers 
facilities and by weather conditions with respect to projects conducted outdoors, but the effects of seasonality on revenues in its industrial services business are insignificant. Infrastructure Solutions  quarterly results may fluctuate, and
the results of one fiscal quarter may not be representative of the results of any other quarter or of the full fiscal year.     SOURCES OF
SUPPLY     The raw materials and components we use within our segments include, but are not limited to, electrical fixtures and system components,
copper, aluminum, and raw steel. These raw materials and components are generally available from a variety of domestic suppliers at competitive prices. Delivery times are typically short for most raw materials and standard components, but during
periods of peak demand, may extend to one month or more. Our strategy to reduce commodity cost exposure includes early buying of commodities for particular projects, or for general inventory, as well as including escalation and escape provisions in
project bids, quotes and contracts wherever possible.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   RISK MANAGEMENT   
 The primary risks in our existing operations include project bidding and management, bodily injury, property and environmental damage, and construction
defects. We monitor project bidding and management practices at various levels within the Company. We maintain automobile, general liability and construction defect insurance for third party health, bodily injury and property damage, as well as
pollution coverage and workers  compensation coverage, which we consider appropriate to insure against these risks. Our third-party insurance is subject to deductibles for which we establish reserves. In light of these risks, we are also
committed to a strong safety and environmental compliance culture. We employ full-time and part-time regional safety managers, under the supervision of our full-time Vice President of Safety, and seek to maintain standardized safety and
environmental policies, programs, procedures and personal protection equipment relative to each segment, including programs to train new employees, which apply to employees new to the industry and those new to the Company. 
 In the electrical contracting industry, our ability to post surety bonds provides us with an advantage over competitors that are smaller or have fewer
financial resources. We believe that the strength of our balance sheet, as well as a good relationship with our bonding providers, enhances our ability to obtain adequate financing and surety bonds, although there can be no assurance that surety
bonding coverage will be available when we need it. For a further discussion of our risks, please refer to Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of this Form 10-K.  
  CUSTOMERS     We have a diverse customer
base. During the twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. We emphasize developing and maintaining relationships with our customers by providing
superior, high-quality service. Management at each of our segments is responsible for determining sales strategies and sales activities.  
  BACKLOG     Backlog is a measure of revenue
that we expect to recognize from work that has yet to be performed on uncompleted contracts, and from work that has been contracted but has not started, exclusive of short-term projects. The increase in our Infrastructure Solutions segment s
backlog as of September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to the acquisition of Technibus. Not all of our work is performed under contracts included in backlog; for example, most of the apparatus repair work that is completed by our Infrastructure
Solutions segment is performed under master service agreements on an as-needed basis. Additionally, electrical installation services for single-family housing in our Residential segment is completed on a short-term basis and is therefore excluded
from backlog. The table below summarizes our backlog by segment:      
   While all of our backlog is supported by documentation from customers authorizing the performance of future work, backlog is
not a guarantee of future revenues, as contractual commitments may change. We expect that  
      13  

Table of Contents  

$305 million of our September 30, 2016 backlog will result in revenue during fiscal 2017, with the remaining $36 million expected to be realized in fiscal 2018; however there can be no assurance
that this backlog will be completed within expected time frames or at all.     REGULATIONS   
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including:  

licensing requirements applicable to electricians and service technicians;        

building and electrical codes;        

regulations relating to worker safety, labor relations and protection of the environment;        

regulations relating to consumer protection, including those governing residential service agreements; and        

qualifications of our business legal structure in the jurisdictions where we do business.      Many state and
local regulations governing electricians require permits and licenses to be held by individuals. In some cases, a required permit or license held by a single individual may be sufficient to authorize specified activities for all our electricians who
work in the state or county that issued the permit or license. It is our policy to ensure that, where possible, any permits or licenses that may be material to our operations in a particular geographic area are held by multiple employees within that
area.    We believe we have all licenses required to conduct our operations and are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Failure to comply
with applicable regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating licenses or an inability to perform government work.  
  CAPITAL FACILITIES     During fiscal year
2016, the Company maintained a revolving credit facility, as described in Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations           The Revolving
Credit Facility   of this Form 10-K. For a discussion of the Company s capital resources, see Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations           Liquidity and Capital Resources   of this Form 10-K.     FINANCIAL
INFORMATION     For information on the Company s financial information by segment, see  Note 10,  Operating Segments   in the notes
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.     EMPLOYEES   
 At September 30, 2016, we had 4,063 employees. We are party to three collective bargaining agreements within our Infrastructure Solutions segment. We have not
experienced, and do not expect, any work stoppage, and we believe that our relationship with our employees is strong.     LOCATIONS
    As of September 30, 2016 we have 77 domestic locations serving the United States. In addition to our executive and corporate offices, as of September
30, 2016, we have 13 locations within our Communications business, 32  
      14  

Table of Contents  

locations within our Residential business, 20 locations within our Commercial   Industrial business and 10 locations within our Infrastructure Solutions business. This diversity helps to
reduce our exposure to unfavorable economic developments in any given region.     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT   
 Certain information with respect to each executive officer is as follows:  
  Robert W. Lewey , 54, has served as a Director of the Company since April 2016 and as President of the Company since May 2015. He previously served as
Interim Chief Operating Officer of the Company from January 2015 to May 2015 while continuing to serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, a role he had held from January 2012 to May 2015. From 2001 to
2006 and from 2007 to January 2012, Mr. Lewey served as Director of Tax, Vice President, Tax and Treasurer for IES. From 2006 to 2007, he served as Vice President, Tax for Sulzer US Holdings, Inc. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Lewey served as Vice
President, Tax for Metamor Worldwide, Inc., a leading provider of information technology solutions. Mr. Lewey began his career with Deloitte LLP .   
  Tracy A. McLauchlin , 46, has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company since May 2015. She previously
served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since February 2014. Prior to joining IES, Ms. McLauchlin served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Rockwater Energy Solutions, Inc. from June 2011 to November
2013. From June 2004 to June 2011, Ms. McLauchlin was with Dynegy Inc., where she served as Senior Vice President and Controller from March 2009 to June 2011, and from June 2004 to March 2009 served in various other capacities in finance and
accounting.    Gail D. Makode , 41, has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since October 2012. Ms. Makode
previously served in various legal positions at MBIA Inc. and its subsidiaries from 2006 to 2012, including as General Counsel and a member of the Board at MBIA Insurance Corporation and Chief Compliance Officer of MBIA Inc. Prior to MBIA, Ms.
Makode served as Vice President and Counsel for Deutsche Bank AG from 2003 to 2006, and before that, was an Associate at Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen   Hamilton, where she specialized in public and private securities offerings and mergers and
acquisitions.     Thomas E. Santoni , 54, has served as Senior Vice President, Operations of the Company since June 2016. Mr. Santoni previously
served as President of IES Commercial   Industrial since June 2011 and, prior to that, held various leadership positions at the Company since joining in 1995, including business unit President, Regional General Manager, Vice President of
Sales and Central Division Vice President. Prior to joining IES, Mr. Santoni managed electrical contracting operations at other operations in San Diego, California and Chicago, Illinois. He began his career in the electrical contracting
industry approximately 30 years ago as a journeyman electrician.    We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives that applies to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics may be found on our website at www.ies-co.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any
implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. Paper
copies of these documents are also available free of charge upon written request to us.     AVAILABLE INFORMATION   
 General information about us can be found on our website at  www.ies-co.com  under  Investor Relations.  We file our interim and annual
financial reports, as well as other reports required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, as
well as any amendments and exhibits to those reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as it is reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. You may also contact our Investor Relations
department and they will provide you with a copy of these reports. The materials that we file with the SEC are also available free of charge through the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov . You may also read and copy these materials at the
SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 1 800 SEC 0330.  
 In addition to the Code of Ethics for Financial Executives, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees (the
Legal Compliance and Corporate Policy Manual), and established Corporate Governance Guidelines and adopted charters outlining the duties of our Audit, Human Resources and Compensation and Nominating/Governance Committees, copies of which may be
found on our website. Paper copies of these documents are also available free of charge upon written request to us. We have designated an  audit committee financial expert  as that term is defined by the SEC. Further information about this
designee may be found in the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company.      

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors           You should consider carefully the risks described below, as well
as the other information included in this document before making an investment decision. Our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, and the value of your investment
may decrease due to any of these risks.      Existence of a controlling shareholder.   
 A majority of our outstanding common stock is owned by Tontine. On October 5, 2016, Tontine filed an amended Schedule 13D indicating its ownership level
of approximately 58%. As a result, Tontine can control most of our affairs, including the election of our directors, who in turn appoint executive management, and can control most actions requiring the approval of shareholders, including the
adoption of amendments to our corporate charter and approval of any potential merger or sale of all or substantially all assets, segments, or the Company itself. This control also gives Tontine the ability to bring matters to a shareholder vote that
may not be in the best interest of our other shareholders or stakeholders. Additionally, Tontine is in the business of investing in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly
with us or act as suppliers or customers of the Company. Pursuant to a shelf registration statement that was declared effective by the SEC in 2013, Tontine has the ability to resell any or all of its registered shares from time to time in one or
more offerings as long as the registration statement remains effective, as described further in the registration statement and in any prospectus supplement filed in connection with an offering pursuant to the shelf registration statement.
Tontine s sale of all or any portion of its shares could result in a change of control of the Company, which would trigger the change of control provisions in a number of our material agreements, including our credit facility, bonding
agreements with our sureties and our executive severance plan.     We may issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities that will
dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing stockholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock.     Our authorized capital
includes 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016, we had 21,456,539 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. We have reserved for issuance 79,500
shares of common stock underlying options that are exercisable at a weighted average price of $6.43 per share. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had the ability to issue 1,056,574 shares of common stock pursuant to awards that may be granted
in the future under our existing equity compensation plans.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  Although we currently do not have any intention of issuing additional common stock (other than pursuant to our
equity compensation plans), we may do so in the future in order to meet our capital needs. Subject to applicable NASDAQ Listing Rules, our Board of Directors generally has the authority, without action by or vote of the stockholders, to issue all or
part of any authorized but unissued shares of common stock for any corporate purpose. We may seek additional equity capital in the future as we develop our business and expand our operations. Any issuance of additional shares of common stock or
convertible securities will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our stockholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock.  
  Substantial sales of our common stock could adversely affect our stock price.   
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by holders of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock by introducing a large number of shares into the market. Such sales, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We cannot predict whether
future sales of our common stock, or the availability of our common stock for sale, will adversely affect the market price for our common stock or our ability to raise capital by offering equity securities.  
  Our common stock has less liquidity than many other stocks listed on the NASDAQ Global Market.   
 Historically, the trading volume of our common stock has been relatively low when compared to larger companies listed on the NASDAQ Global Market or other
stock exchanges. While we have experienced increased liquidity in our stock during the year ended September 30, 2016, we cannot say with certainty that a more active and liquid trading market for our common stock will continue to develop. Because of
this, it may be more difficult for shareholders to sell a substantial number of shares for the same price at which shareholders could sell a smaller number of shares.  
  Availability of net operating losses may be reduced by a change in ownership.   
 A change in ownership, as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382, could reduce the availability of NOLs, for federal and state income tax
purposes. Should Tontine sell or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of its position in IES, a change in ownership could occur. A change in ownership could also result from the purchase of common stock by an existing or a new 5% shareholder as
defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 382. As of September 30, 2016, we have approximately $262.0 million of federal NOLs that are available to use to offset taxable income, exclusive of NOLs from the amortization of additional tax
goodwill. Should a change in ownership occur, all NOLs incurred prior to the change in ownership would be subject to limitation imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382, which would substantially reduce the amount of NOL currently available
to offset taxable income.    On November 8, 2016, we implemented the new NOL Rights Plan, following the expiration of a similar plan implemented in January
2013. Like the Company s prior tax benefit protection plan, the new NOL Rights Plan was designed to deter an acquisition of the Company s stock in excess of a threshold amount that could trigger a change of control within the meaning
of Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The NOL Rights Plan is designed to dilute the ownership of such an acquirer through the offering of rights to the Company s other stockholders that will become exercisable upon the acquirer s
purchase of the Company s stock in excess of the threshold amount. We can make no assurances the NOL Rights Plan will be effective in deterring a change in control or protecting or realizing NOLs.  
 Any decrease in the federal statutory tax rate, or other changes in federal tax statutes, could also cause a reduction in the economic benefit of the NOL
currently available to us.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   We have recognized deferred tax assets based upon our estimates of future taxable income, and we may recognize
losses if future taxable income is lower than our estimates.     As of September 30, 2016, we have a net deferred tax asset of $93.5 million on our
consolidated balance sheet, of which $86.3 million is attributable to NOLs. To realize the full benefit of this deferred tax asset attributable to NOLs, we must generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable carry forward period
to offset against NOLs. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), we are required to assess whether we believe the benefit of the deferred tax asset is more likely than not to be realized
based on our expectation of generating sufficient future taxable income, and we are required to record a valuation allowance, or offset, against our deferred tax asset based on the portion of the deferred tax asset that we believe is not more likely
than not to be realized.    As of September 30, 2016, we concluded it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income within the
applicable NOL carry-forward periods to realize a significant portion of our deferred tax assets. Therefore, we recorded a reversal of our previously assessed valuation allowance in the amount of $109.0 million including amounts related to
current year earnings and certain purchase accounting transactions, in 2016. If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record valuation allowances, resulting in an increase in
income tax expense and reduction of our consolidated net income. Failure to generate sufficient taxable income in the future could also result in the expiration of certain NOLs.  
  Our inability to carry out plans and strategies as expected, including our inability to identify and complete acquisitions that meet our investment
criteria in furtherance of our corporate strategy, may adversely impact our future growth.     Our corporate strategy involves creating shareholder value
through acquiring or investing in stand-alone platform companies based in North America or acquiring businesses that we believe will strategically complement our existing business segments. While we believe that acquisitions will provide an
opportunity to expand into new end markets and diversify our revenue and profit streams, potential acquisitions in new industries could result in changes in our operations from those historically conducted by us and introduce the requirement
for new controls. Alternatively our failure to diversify from existing markets may limit our future growth.     To service our indebtedness and to fund
working capital, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors that are beyond our control.     Our
ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund working capital requirements will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to our operational performance, as well as general economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.    We cannot provide assurance that our business will generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or asset sales or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to
refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, on or before maturity. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our inability to refinance our debt on
commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business.     We have restrictions and covenants under our credit facility.
    We may not be able to remain in compliance with the covenants in our credit facility. A failure to fulfill the terms and requirements of our credit
facility may result in a default under one or more of our material agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   The highly competitive nature of our industries could affect our profitability by reducing our profit margins.
    With respect to electrical contracting services, the industries in which we compete are highly fragmented and are served by many small, owner-operated
private companies. There are also several large private regional companies and a small number of large public companies from which we face competition in these industries. In the future, we could also face competition from new competitors entering
these markets because certain segments, such as our electrical contracting services, have a relatively low barrier for entry while other segments, such as our services for mission critical infrastructure, have attractive dynamics. Some of our
competitors offer a greater range of services, including mechanical construction, facilities management, plumbing and heating, ventilation and air conditioning services. Competition in our markets depends on a number of factors, including price.
Some of our competitors may have lower overhead cost structures and may, therefore, be able to provide services comparable to ours at lower rates than we do. If we are unable to offer our services at competitive prices or if we have to reduce our
prices to remain competitive, our profitability would be impaired.    The markets in which Infrastructure Solutions does business are highly competitive,
and we do not expect the level of competition that we face to decrease in the future. An increase in competitive pressures in these markets or our failure to compete effectively (including efficiently managing future capital expenditures and
refurbishment, repair and upgrade costs) may result in pricing reductions, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, more customers, and significantly greater
financial, marketing, technical, and other competitive resources than we have. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customer needs or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale
of their services. While we believe Infrastructure Solutions  overall product and service offerings distinguish it from its competitors, these competitors could develop new products or services that could directly compete with Infrastructure
Solutions  services.     A failure to secure new contracts may adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.   
 Much of our revenue is derived from projects that are awarded through a competitive bid process. Contract bidding and negotiations are affected by a number of
factors, including our own cost structure and bidding policies. In addition, our ability to secure new contracts depends on our ability to maintain all required electrical, construction and business licenses. If we fail to successfully transfer,
renew or obtain such licenses where applicable, we may be unable to compete for new business.    The failure to bid and be awarded projects, cancellations
of projects or delays in project start dates could affect our ability to deploy our assets profitably. Further, when we are awarded contracts, we face additional risks that could affect whether, or when, work will begin. We could experience a
decrease in profitability if we are unable to replace canceled, completed or expired contracts with new work.     We may be unsuccessful at integrating
other companies that we may acquire, or new types of work, products or processes into our segments.     We are actively seeking to engage in acquisitions
of operations, assets and investments, or to develop new types of work or processes, and we may seek to engage in dispositions of certain operations, assets or investments from time to time. If we are unable to successfully integrate newly acquired
assets or operations or if we make untimely or unfavorable investments or dispositions, it could negatively impact the market value of our common stock. Additionally, any future acquisition, investment or disposition may result in significant
changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities, and as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and the market value of our common stock following any such acquisition, investment or disposition may be affected by factors
different from those currently affecting our financial condition, results of operations and market value of our common stock. 
      19  

Table of Contents  

  The difficulties of integrating a business, assets or operations potentially will include, among other things:

geographically separated organizations and possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies;        

significant demands on management resources, which may distract management s attention from day-to-day business;        

differences in the disclosure systems, compliance requirements, accounting systems, and accounting controls and procedures of the two companies, which may interfere with our ability to make timely and accurate public
disclosure; and        

the demands of managing new locations, new personnel and new lines of business acquired.       Demand for our
services is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns affecting the industries we serve.     Demand for our services has been, and will likely
continue to be, cyclical in nature and vulnerable to downturns in the general economy and in the construction industry. Many of our customers depend on the availability of credit to purchase our services or electrical and mechanical products.
Prolonged uncertainties or the return of constrained credit market conditions could have adverse effects on our customers, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
  Backlog may not be realized or may not result in profits.   
 Customers often have no obligation under our contracts to assign or release work to us, and many contracts may be terminated on short notice. Reductions in
backlog due to cancellation of one or more contracts by a customer or for other reasons could significantly reduce the revenue and profit we actually receive from contracts included in backlog. In the event of a project cancellation, we may be
reimbursed for certain costs, but typically have no contractual right to the total revenues reflected in our backlog.     Our use of
percentage-of-completion accounting could result in a reduction or elimination of previously reported profits; we may be adversely impacted by new accounting, control and operating procedures.   
 A significant portion of our revenues are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, utilizing the cost-to-cost method, which results
in our recognizing contract revenues and earnings ratably over the contract term in proportion to our incurrence of contract costs. The earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates of contract revenues, costs and
profitability. We review our estimates of contract revenue, costs and profitability on an ongoing basis. Prior to contract completion, we may adjust our estimates on one or more occasions as a result of change orders to the original contract,
collection disputes with the customer on amounts invoiced or claims against the customer for increased costs incurred by us due to customer-induced delays and other factors. Contract losses are recognized in full when determined to be probable and
reasonably estimable. Although we have historically made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion of our construction contracts, the uncertainties inherent in the estimating process make it possible for actual costs to vary
materially from estimates, including reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenues and profits. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by new accounting pronouncements which change our revenue recognition or other accounting practices
or otherwise alter how we report our financial results, or which require that we change our control and operating procedures, which we may be unable to do in a timely manner.  
  We may incur significant charges or be adversely impacted by the closure or sale of facilities or assets.   
 In the past, we incurred significant costs associated with the closure or disposition of facilities, and we expect from time to time to evaluate the need for
future facility closures or dispositions of assets. If we were to elect to dispose of a substantial portion of any of our segments, facilities, or assets, the realized values of such assets  
      20  

Table of Contents  

could be substantially less than current book values, which would likely result in a material adverse impact on our financial results. In addition, we may have warranty claims or other unexpected
liabilities from closed facilities beyond the closing date, which could adversely impact our financial returns.     The availability and cost of surety
bonds affect our ability to enter into new contracts and our margins on those engagements.     Many of our customers require us to post performance and
payment bonds issued by a surety. Those bonds guarantee the customer that we will perform under the terms of a contract and that we will pay subcontractors and vendors. We obtain surety bonds from two primary surety providers; however, there is no
commitment from these providers to guarantee our ability to issue bonds for projects as they are required. Our ability to access this bonding capacity is at the sole discretion of our surety providers. Accordingly, if we were to experience an
interruption or reduction in our availability of bonding capacity, we may be unable to compete for, or work on, certain projects.     Due to seasonality
and differing regional economic conditions, our results may fluctuate from period to period.     Our business is subject to seasonal variations in
operations and demand that affect the construction business, particularly in the Residential and Commercial   Industrial segments, as well as seasonal variations in the industrial and rail industries in which Infrastructure Solutions
participates. Untimely weather delay from rain, heat, ice, cold or snow can not only delay our work but can negatively impact our schedules and profitability by delaying the work of other trades on a construction site. Our quarterly results may also
be affected by regional economic conditions that affect the construction market. In particular, a prolonged period of weak demand in the oil and gas industry could dampen the housing market in certain regions, resulting in reduced demand for the
services provided by our Residential segment. Infrastructure Solutions  revenues from industrial services may be affected by the timing of scheduled outages at its industrial customers  facilities and by weather conditions with respect to
projects conducted outdoors. Industrial and rail customers may also be affected by continuing low oil prices. Accordingly, our performance in any particular quarter may not be indicative of the results that can be expected for any other quarter or
for the entire year.     The estimates we use in placing bids could be materially incorrect. The use of incorrect estimates could result in reduced
profits or in some cases losses on fixed price contracts.     We currently generate, and expect to continue to generate, a significant portion of our
revenues under fixed price contracts. The cost of fuel, labor and materials, including copper wire or other commodities, may vary significantly from the costs we originally estimate. Variations from estimated contract costs along with other risks
inherent in performing fixed price contracts, including our ability to successfully manage projects, may result in actual revenue and gross profits for a project differing from those we originally estimated, and could result in losses on projects.
Depending upon the size of a particular project, variations from estimated contract costs can have a significant impact on our operating results.  
  Commodity and labor costs may fluctuate materially, and we may not be able to pass on all cost increases during the term of a contract, which could have an
adverse effect on our ability to maintain our profitability.     We enter into many contracts at fixed prices, and if the costs associated with labor, and
commodities such as copper, aluminum, steel, fuel and certain plastics increase due to low supply or other forces, losses may be incurred. Some of our materials have been and may continue to be subject to sudden and significant price increases.
Depending on competitive pressures and customer resistance, we may not be able to pass on these cost increases to our customers, which would reduce our gross profit margins and, in turn, make it more difficult for us to maintain our profitability.
We have a work force of over 4,000 employees, and our labor costs may  
      21  

Table of Contents  

fluctuate based on supply as well as other labor related risks, including risks related to collective bargaining agreements, benefits arrangements, wage and hour claims and other compensation
arrangements.     Changes in operating factors that are beyond our control could hurt our operating results.   
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond management s control. These
factors include the costs of new technology; the relative speed and success with which Infrastructure Solutions can acquire customers for its products and services; capital expenditures for equipment; sales, marketing, and promotional activities
expenses; changes in its pricing policies, suppliers, and competitors; changes in operating expenses; increased competition in the markets we serve; changes in regulations; and other general economic and seasonal factors. Adverse changes in one or
more of these factors could hurt our operating results.     We may experience difficulties in managing our billings and collections.   
 Our billings under fixed price contracts in our electrical contracting business are generally based upon achieving certain milestones and will be accepted by
the customer once we demonstrate those milestones have been met. If we are unable to demonstrate compliance with billing requests, or if we fail to issue a project billing, our likelihood of collection could be delayed or impaired, which, if
experienced across several large projects, could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, some of our customers may be highly leveraged, or may be subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, which may also
limit their ability to pay.     Our reported operating results could be adversely affected as a result of goodwill impairment charges.   
 GAAP accounting requires that goodwill attributable to each of our reporting units be tested at least annually, or when changes in circumstance indicate the
carrying value of our reporting units may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill include significant adverse changes in the business climate, declines in the financial condition of our business, and actual or projected
operating results affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular reporting unit. On an ongoing basis, we expect to perform impairment tests at least annually as of September 30. Impairment adjustments, if any, are required to be
recognized as operating expenses. We cannot assure that we will not have future impairment adjustments to our recorded goodwill.     The vendors who make
up our supply chain may be adversely affected by a deteriorating operating environment and credit market conditions.     We are dependent upon the vendors
within our supply chain to maintain a steady supply of inventory, parts and materials. Many of our segments are dependent upon a limited number of suppliers, and significant supply disruptions could adversely affect our operations. If market
conditions deteriorate, resulting in a slowdown in construction activity or a tightening of the credit market, for example it is possible that one or more of our suppliers will be unable to meet the terms of our operating agreements due to financial
hardships, liquidity issues or other reasons related to market conditions.     Our operations are subject to numerous physical hazards. If an accident
occurs, it could result in an adverse effect on our business.     Hazards related to our industry include, but are not limited to, electrocutions, fires,
machinery-caused injuries, mechanical failures and transportation accidents. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, and may result in suspension of operations. Our
insurance does not cover all types or amounts of liabilities. In addition, if our safety record were to substantially deteriorate over time, our customers could cancel our contracts or not award us future business.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may not be able to obtain insurance at acceptable
rates, or at all.     Our third-party insurance is subject to deductibles for which we establish reserves. No assurance can be given that our insurance or
our provisions for incurred claims and incurred but not reported claims will be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities we may incur in our operations; nor can we provide assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at
reasonable rates.     Our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent all possible errors that
could occur. Internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objective will be met.
    On a quarterly basis we evaluate our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures, which include a review of
the objectives, design, implementation and effectiveness of the controls and the information generated for use in our periodic reports. In the course of our controls evaluation, we sought (and seek) to identify data errors, control problems and to
confirm that appropriate corrective actions, including process improvements, are being undertaken. This type of evaluation is conducted on a quarterly basis so that the conclusions concerning the effectiveness of our controls can be reported in our
periodic reports.    A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be satisfied. Internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to give reasonable assurance that they are effective and achieve their objectives. We cannot provide absolute
assurance that all possible future control issues have been detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that our judgments can be faulty, and that isolated breakdowns can occur because of human error or mistake. The design of our
system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed absolutely in achieving our stated goals under all potential future or unforeseeable
conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error could occur without being detected.     We
have adopted tax positions that a taxing authority may view differently. If a taxing authority differs with our tax positions, our results may be adversely affected.   
 Our effective tax rate and cash paid for taxes are impacted by the tax positions that we have adopted. Taxing authorities may not always agree with the
positions we have taken. We have established reserves for tax positions that we have determined to be less likely than not to be sustained by taxing authorities. However, there can be no assurance that our results of operations will not be adversely
affected in the event that disagreement over our tax positions does arise.     Litigation and claims can cause unexpected losses.   
 In the construction business there are frequently claims and litigation. There are also inherent claims and litigation risks associated with the number of
people that work on construction sites and the fleet of vehicles on the road every day. In all of our businesses, we are subject to potential claims and litigation. Claims are sometimes made and lawsuits filed for amounts in excess of their value or
in excess of the amounts for which they are eventually resolved. Claims and litigation normally follow a predictable course of time to resolution. However, there may be periods of time in which a disproportionate amount of our claims and litigation
are concluded in the same quarter or year. If multiple matters are resolved during a given period, then the cumulative effect of these matters may be higher than the ordinary level in any one reporting period.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Latent defect claims could expand.   
 Latent defect litigation is normal for residential home builders in some parts of the country; however, such litigation is increasing in certain states where
we perform work. Also, in recent years, latent defect litigation has expanded to aspects of the commercial market. Should we experience similar increases in our latent defect claims and litigation, additional pressure may be placed on the
profitability of the Residential and Commercial   Industrial segments of our business.     Interruptions in the proper functioning of our information
systems, or security breaches of our information systems or confidential data could disrupt operations and cause increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues.   
 As our Company continues to increase its dependence on information technology systems, networks, and infrastructure to conduct its day to day operations, the
proper functioning and security of our information technology environment is critical to the successful operation of our business. Although our information systems, networks and infrastructure are protected through physical and software safeguards,
our information technology environment is still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, cybersecurity risks, and other problems, which could cause a loss of data, release of personally identifiable information or
release of confidential customer information among other items. If critical information systems fail or are otherwise unavailable or confidential information is released, our business operations could be adversely affected.  
  We may be required to conduct environmental remediation activities, which could be expensive and inhibit the growth of our business and our ability to
maintain profitability, particularly in our Infrastructure Solutions business.     We are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations,
including those concerning the handling, treatment, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials. These laws predominantly affect our Infrastructure Solutions business but may impact our other businesses. These environmental laws generally impose
liability on present and former owners and operators, transporters and generators of hazardous materials for remediation of contaminated properties. We believe that our business is operating in compliance in all material respects with applicable
environmental laws, many of which provide for substantial penalties for violations. There can be no assurance that future changes in such laws, interpretations of existing regulations or the discovery of currently unknown problems or conditions will
not require substantial additional expenditures. In addition, if we do not comply with these laws and regulations, we could be subject to material administrative, civil or criminal penalties, or other liabilities. We may also be required to incur
substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental and safety laws and regulations. Any such additional expenditures or costs that we may incur could hurt our operating results.  
  The loss of a group or several key personnel, either at the corporate or operating level, could adversely affect our business.   
 The loss of key personnel or the inability to hire and retain qualified employees could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Our operations depend on the continued efforts of our executive officers, senior management and management personnel at our segments. We cannot guarantee that any member of management at the corporate or subsidiary level will continue
in their capacity for any particular period of time. We have a severance plan in place that covers certain of our senior leaders; however, this plan can neither guarantee that we will not lose key employees, nor prevent them from competing against
us, which is often dependent on state and local employment laws. If we lose a group of key personnel or even one key person at a segment, we may not be able to recruit suitable replacements at comparable salaries or at all, which could adversely
affect our operations. Additionally, we generally do not maintain key man life insurance for members of our management.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

Item 1B.  
     Unresolved Staff Comments          None.  

Item 2.  
     Properties           Facilities   
 At September 30, 2016, we maintained branch offices, warehouses, sales facilities and administrative offices at 77 locations. Substantially all of our
facilities are leased. We lease our executive office located in Greenwich, Connecticut and our corporate office located in Houston, Texas. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs, and that suitable additional or replacement
space will be available as required. For a breakdown of our offices by segment, see Item 1.  Business   Operating Segments  of this Form 10-K.      

Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings          For further information regarding legal proceedings, see
Note 17,   Commitments and Contingencies       Legal Matters   in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.      

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures          None.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   

Item 5.  
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity; Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market under the ticker symbol  IESC.  The following table sets forth the daily high and low close price
for our common stock as reported on NASDAQ for each of the four quarters of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   As of December 7, 2016, the closing market price of our common stock was $21.15 per share and there were approximately 370
holders of record.   We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We
expect that we will utilize all available earnings generated by our operations and borrowings under our credit facility for the development and operation of our business, to retire existing debt, to repurchase our common stock, or to acquire or
invest in other businesses. Any future determination as to the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, general business
conditions and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Our debt instruments restrict us from paying cash dividends and also place limitations on our ability to repurchase our common stock. See Item 7.
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations           Working Capital   and Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations           Liquidity and Capital Resources   of this    Form 10-K.  
  Stock Repurchase Program     Our Board of Directors has
authorized a stock repurchase program for the purchase from time to time of up to 1.5 million shares of the Company s common stock. Share purchases are made for cash in open market transactions at prevailing market prices or in privately
negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and amount of purchases under the program are determined based upon prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. All or part of the repurchases
may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which allows repurchases under pre-set terms at times when the Company might otherwise be prevented from purchasing under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed blackout periods. The
program does not require the Company to purchase any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended or reinstated at any time at the Company s discretion and without notice. The Company initiated the program in February 2015 and
during the year ended September 30, 2015, pursuant to the program, we repurchased 482,156 shares of common stock at an average price of $7.22 per share for a total aggregate purchase price of $3.5 million. During the year ended September 30, 2016,
we repurchased 46,929 shares of common stock at an average price of $11.07 per share for a total aggregate purchase price of $0.5 million.    The Company
did not repurchase any of its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Five-Year Stock Performance Graph   
 The graph below compares the cumulative 5 year total return provided shareholders on IES Holdings, Inc. s common stock relative to the cumulative total
returns of the Russell 2000 index and a customized peer group of five companies that includes: Black Box Corporation, Comfort Systems USA Inc., MYR Group Inc., Sterling Construction Company Inc. and Team Inc. An investment of $100 (with reinvestment
of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock, in each index, and in the peer group on September 30, 2011, and its relative performance is tracked through September 30, 2016.  
  COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*   
 Among IES Holdings, Inc., the Russell 2000 Index,  
 and a Peer Group      

*$100 invested on 9/30/11 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.  
 Fiscal year ending September 30.  
 Copyright  2016 Russell Investment Group. All rights reserved.  

27  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
     Selected Financial Data          The following selected consolidated historical financial
information for IES should be read in conjunction with the audited historical Consolidated Financial Statements of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries, and the notes thereto, set forth in Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data   of this Form 10-K.      
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

Item 7.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto, set forth in
 Item     8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   of this Form 10-K. For additional information, see   Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements   in Part I of this  Form 10-K.      OVERVIEW   
  Executive Overview     Please refer to  Item 1.
 Business   of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company s services and corporate strategy. IES Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a holding company that owns and manages diverse operating subsidiaries, comprised of
providers of industrial infrastructure services to a variety of end markets. Our operations are currently organized into four principal business segments: Communications, Residential, Commercial   Industrial, and Infrastructure Solutions. 
  Industry Trends     Our performance is affected by a number
of trends that drive the demand for our services. In particular, the markets in which we operate are exposed to many regional and national trends such as the demand for single and multi-family housing, the need for mission critical facilities as a
result of technology-driven advancements, the degree to which in-house maintenance departments outsource maintenance and repair work, output levels and equipment utilization at heavy industrial facilities, demand for our rail services, and changes
in commercial, institutional, public infrastructure and electric utility spending. Over the long term, we believe that there are numerous factors that could positively drive demand and affect growth within the industries in which we operate,
including (i) population growth, which will increase the need for commercial and residential facilities, (ii) aging public infrastructure, which must be replaced or repaired, (iii) increased emphasis on environmental and energy efficiency, which may
lead to both increased public and private spending, and (iv) the low price of natural gas which is expected to spur the construction of and modifications to heavy industrial facilities. However, there can be no assurance that we will not experience
a decrease in demand for our services due to economic, technological or other factors, including the continued weakness in the oil and gas sector, which may reduce the demand for housing in the Texas region, where our Residential division operates.
For a further discussion of the industries in which we operate, please see Item 1.   Business    Operating Segments  of this Form 10-K.  
  Business Outlook     While there are differences among the
Company s segments, on an overall basis, demand for the Company s services increased in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, resulting in aggregate year-over-year revenue growth. In addition, the Company s previous investment in
growth initiatives and other business-specific factors discussed below contributed to year-over-year revenue growth. Among our segments, year-over-year revenue growth rates during fiscal 2016 were led primarily by growth in our Communications
segment followed by our Commercial   Industrial segment. The combination of increasing revenue, effective project execution, and efficient scaling of operations as the economy improves has resulted in a year-over-year increase in profitability.
Provided that no significant deterioration in general economic conditions occurs, the Company expects total revenues from existing businesses to increase on a year-over-year basis during fiscal 2017 due to an increase in overall demand for the
services we provide and our efforts to increase our market share. Despite this expectation of growth within certain segments, we remain focused on controlled growth within certain markets which continue to experience highly competitive margins and
increasing costs.    To continue to grow our business, including through acquisitions, and to fund working capital, we may require a significant amount of
cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors that are beyond our control, including demand for our services, the availability of projects at margins acceptable to us, the ultimate  
      29  

Table of Contents  

collectability of our receivables, our ability to borrow on our credit facility, and our ability to raise funds in the capital markets, among many other factors. We anticipate that the
combination of cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available capacity under our credit facility will provide sufficient cash to enable us to meet our working capital needs, debt service requirements and capital expenditures for property and
equipment through the next twelve months. We expect that our fixed asset requirements will range from $4.0 to $5.0 million for the fiscal year ending on September 30, 2017, and we may acquire these assets either through capital expenditures or
through lease agreements.     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 We report our operating results across our four operating segments: Communications, Residential, Commercial   Industrial and Infrastructure Solutions. Our
consolidated financial results also reflect expenses associated with our corporate office. The following table presents selected historical results of operations of IES.     
   The increase in net income for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with the year ended September 30, 2015 is driven by
a $109.0 million tax benefit in connection with the release of a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. This release is the result of a recent improvement in earnings, the addition of four new businesses acquired during the year, and
consequently an improvement in our expectations about the generation of future taxable income to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards. See Note 9   Income Taxes in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
   Consolidated revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 were $122.1 million greater than for the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
21.3%. Revenues increased as the Communications, Commercial   Industrial, and Infrastructure Solutions segments each recognized double digit revenue growth driven by an increase in demand for their service offerings combined with continued
improvement of conditions in the markets in which they operate. Additionally, newly acquired businesses provided a combined $34.4 million of revenue in our Commercial   Industrial and Infrastructure Solutions segments for the year ended
September 30, 2016. The Residential segment also contributed to the overall year-over-year growth.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  Our overall gross profit percentage increased to 18.2% during the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
17.4% during the year ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased at our Residential and Infrastructure Solutions operating segments, but declined slightly at our Communications and Commercial   Industrial
segments, as discussed in further detail for each segment below.    Selling, general and administrative expenses include costs not directly associated with
performing work for our customers. These costs consist primarily of compensation and benefits related to corporate, segment and branch management (including incentive-based compensation), occupancy and utilities, training, professional services,
information technology costs, consulting fees, travel and certain types of depreciation and amortization. We allocate certain corporate selling, general and administrative costs across our segments as we believe this more accurately reflects the
costs associated with operating each segment.   During the year ended September 30, 2016, our selling, general and administrative expenses were $100.6
million, an increase of $19.1 million, or 23.5%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to higher personnel costs in connection with the growth and increased profitability at all of our segments.
Additionally, our newly acquired businesses incurred general and administrative expense of $4.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016. On a consolidated basis, our selling, general and administrative expense increased slightly as a
percentage of revenue from 14.2% for the year ended September 30, 2015 to 14.4% for the year ended September 30, 2016.     Communications   
  2016 Compared to 2015       
    Revenue.  Revenues increased by $47.8 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, a 33.7% increase compared to the
year ended September 30, 2015 .  The increase is the result of both the expansion of our customer base and additional work with existing customers. Revenues from data center work increased by $32.4 for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared
with the year ended September 30, 2015. The majority of the other service offerings such as audio-visual and security, cabling, and Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) work increased as we continue to add to our customer base, including entry
into new markets.     Gross Profit.  Gross profit during the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $6.7 million, or 25.9%, as compared to the year
ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily driven by the overall increase in revenues noted above. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased from 18.2% for the year ended September 30, 2015 to 17.2% for the year ended September
30, 2016. During 2016, we took on a larger number of projects where we were paid based on our cost incurred plus an agreed upon margin. This work is generally lower risk, and is typically performed at lower margins than the fixed price arrangements
which comprise the majority of the work we perform.     Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased $5.1 million, or 32.4%, during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015 as a result of higher personnel cost, including increased incentive compensation associated with higher profitability. Selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in the Communications segment decreased slightly to 11.0% of segment revenue during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015 as we benefited from
increased activity. 
      31  

Table of Contents  

   2015 Compared to 2014       
    Revenue.  Revenues increased by $25.8 million during the year ended September 30, 2015, a 22.2% increase compared to the
year ended September 30, 2014 .  The increase is the result of both the expansion of our customer base and additional work with existing customers. The expansion of our service offerings within areas such as VoIP resulted in $10.8 million of
incremental revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015. The majority of the other service offerings such as audio-visual and security, cabling, and data center work increased due to the overall volume of projects completed or in progress during
the current year. Increases in these areas more than offset a decrease in high-tech manufacturing revenue, which fell by $6.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. 
  Gross Profit.  Gross profit during the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $4.7 million, or 22.1%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014.
This increase was primarily driven by the overall increase in revenues noted above. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue remained unchanged from the prior year at 18.2% for the year ended September 30, 2015. During 2015, we had an increase in
wireless access and VoIP projects, which generated higher margins than our other service offerings during the year ended September 30, 2014. The gross margin increase related to the wireless access was largely offset by lower margins on certain
high-tech manufacturing projects, as the scopes of work contained a larger material component than labor component when compared to similar projects in progress during the year ended September 30, 2014.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2.3 million, or 16.7%, during the year ended
September 30, 2015 compared to the year ended September 30, 2014 as a result of higher personnel cost, including increased incentive compensation associated with higher profitability. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
revenues in the Communications segment decreased 0.5% to 11.1% of segment revenue during the year ended September 30, 2015 compared to the year ended September 30, 2014 as we benefited from increased activity. 
  Residential      2016 Compared to 2015   
   
    Revenue.  Revenues increased $19.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of 9.5% as compared to
the year ended September 30, 2015. Single-family construction revenues increased by $22.2 million, primarily from growth in North Carolina and Georgia, as well as Texas, where the economy has experienced continued growth and population
expansion. Cable and service activity, as well as revenue from solar installations, also increased year over year. These increases were partly offset by lower revenue for multi-family construction, which decreased by $8.6 million for the year ended
September 30, 2016 as compared with the same  
      32  

Table of Contents  

period in 2015, primarily as a result of delays caused by shortages of qualified labor in other trades. Additional demand for multi-family housing in the Houston market has declined as a result
of a slowdown in the oil and gas sector.    Gross Profit.  During the year ended September 30, 2016, our Residential segment experienced a $12.1
million, or 29.0%, increase in gross profit as compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit increased due to a higher volume of work across most service lines. Gross margin percentage increased within single-family, as demand for
single-family housing has increased combined with improved efficiency and favorable commodity prices. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue also increased in our multi-family division, as a result of more competitive pricing and favorable
commodity prices. We also recognized higher margins on service and cable work during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with the year ended September 30, 2015.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Our Residential segment experienced a $5.7 million, or 17.9%, increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in the Residential segment increased 1.1% to 16.6% of segment
revenue during the year ended September 30, 2016. The primary driver of the increase was the cost of incentive compensation for our operations managers, which is based on a profit-sharing model, combined with other bonus and commission expense
which increased in connection with increased levels of activity and higher profitability.     2015 Compared to 2014   
   
    Revenue.  Revenues increased $23.8 million during the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of 13.0% as compared to
the year ended September 30, 2014. Single-family construction revenues increased by $15.9 million, primarily from growth in Texas, where the economy has experienced continued growth and population expansion. Revenue for multi-family
construction increased by $3.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared with the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of increased demand, particularly on the East Coast and in Texas. Cable and service activity, as well as
revenue from solar installations, also increased year over year.     Gross Profit.  During the year ended September 30, 2015, our Residential segment
experienced an $8.0 million, or 23.8%, increase in gross profit as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit increased due to higher volume of work across all service lines. Gross margin percentage increased within
single-family, as demand for single-family housing has increased combined with improved efficiency and favorable commodity prices. However, the increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for our single-family business was partly offset by
lower margins recognized on service and cable work during the year ended September 30, 2015 due to expansion and training costs.    Selling, General and
Administrative Expenses.  Our Residential segment experienced a $3.9 million, or 14.1%, increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended September 30, 2015 compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues in the Residential segment increased 0.2% to 15.5% of segment revenue during the year ended September 30, 2015. The primary driver of the increase was the cost of incentive
compensation for our operations managers, which is based on a profit-sharing model, combined with higher bonus and commission expense in connection with increased levels of activity and higher profitability.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Commercial   Industrial   
  2016 Compared to 2015       
    Revenue.  Revenues increased $43.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of 24.4% compared to
the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue was driven largely by the Shanahan and STR acquisitions, which contributed $18.6 million of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016. The market for this segment s services remains
highly competitive and, as such, we continue to seek to maintain a disciplined bid strategy. However, a continued focus on our sales strategy combined with improved market conditions in certain regions where we operate led to the year-over-year
revenue increase.     Gross Profit . Gross profit during the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $3.2 million, or 15.1%, as compared to the year
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due primarily to $3.1 million of additional gross margin contributed by the Shanahan and STR acquisitions. The market remains competitive, and we expect continued pressure on our ability to increase project
bid margins in most of the markets we serve. Gross profit margins for the year ended September 30, 2016 were reduced compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of an increase in insurance costs.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2.1
million, or 14.2%, compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to $1.7 million of expense incurred at our newly acquired Shanahan and STR businesses. Selling, general and administrative expense as a
percentage of revenues in the Commercial   Industrial segment decreased by 0.7% during the year ended September 30, 2016, as we benefited from increased activity.  
  2015 Compared to 2014       
    Revenue.  Revenues increased $12.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of 7.6% compared to the
year ended September 30, 2014. The market for this segment s services remains highly competitive and, as such, we continue to maintain a disciplined bid strategy. However, a continued focus on our sales strategy combined with improved
market conditions in certain regions where we operate led to the year over year revenue increase.     Gross Profit . Gross profit during the year ended
September 30, 2015 increased by $3.4 million, or 18.6%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. The increase was due to an overall increase in the size of projects in progress, specific to the education, power distribution, and
industrial markets. Commercial   Industrial s gross margin percentage increased 1.1% to 12.0% during the year ended September 30, 2015. The  
      34  

Table of Contents  

improvement in margin percentage was primarily attributable to improved productivity, as well as a more selective bidding strategy which we believe reduced our exposure to riskier projects that
have historically resulted in reduced earnings.     Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses during
the year ended September 30, 2015 increased by $0.5 million, or 3.8%, compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in the Commercial   Industrial segment decreased by
0.3% during the year ended September 30, 2015, as we benefited from increased activity.     Infrastructure Solutions   
  2016 Compared to 2015       
    Revenue.  Revenues in our Infrastructure Solutions segment increased by $11.2 million during the year ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of 23.9% compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue was driven primarily by the Southern Rewinding, Calumet and Technibus acquisitions, which provided additional revenue of $20.6
million for the year ended September 30, 2016. This increase was partially offset by a $6.7 million decrease in revenues from our engine component business, for which we sold substantially all of the operating assets in April 2016. For
additional information see Note 18,  Business Combinations and Divestitures  in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.     Gross
Profit . Our Infrastructure Solutions segment s gross profit during the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $5.0 million, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was driven primarily by the
acquisitions of Southern Rewinding, Technibus and Calumet, which contributed $6.9 million of additional gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with the year ended September 30, 2015. This increase was partly offset by a $2.0
million reduction in gross profit from our engine component business, for which we sold substantially all of the operating assets in April 2016. Gross profit as a percent of revenue increased from 22.7% for the year ended September 30, 2015 to
27.0% for the year ended September 30, 2016, as a result of higher margins at Calumet and Technibus.    Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.
 Our Infrastructure Solutions segment s selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2.9 million compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative
expense as a percentage of revenue increased from 20.3% for the year ended September 30, 2015 to 21.4% for the year ended September 30, 2016. The increase was driven primarily by the acquisitions of Southern Rewinding, Technibus and Calumet, which
contributed $3.6 million of additional expense for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with the year ended September 30, 2015. This increase was partly offset by a $0.5 million reduction in selling, general and administrative expense at
our engine component business, for which we sold substantially all of the operating assets in April 2016.     Contingent Consideration.  Results of
operations from Calumet have outperformed forecast measures used in our original valuation of the contingent consideration agreement, which we calculated following the acquisition of Calumet. As we now expect to pay higher contingent consideration
because of increased profitability, we recorded additional contingent consideration expense of $0.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2016.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Loss on Sale of Asset . We recognized $0.8 million in conjunction with the write down to net realizable
value of certain assets related to our engine component business. The sale of these assets to a third party pursuant to an asset purchase agreement was finalized on April 15, 2016.  
  2015 Compared to 2014       
    Revenue.  Revenues in our Infrastructure Solutions segment decreased by $0.7 million during the year ended
September 30, 2015, a decrease of 1.5% compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. The decrease in revenue was driven primarily by a decrease in demand for power assemblies by certain of our large rail customers. This decrease was
partially offset by improved demand for electric motor repair services and the expansion of our customer base. Revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015 includes $2.9 million from Southern Rewinding, which we acquired in May 2015. 
  Gross Profit . Our Infrastructure Solutions segment s gross profit during the year ended September 30, 2015 increased by $0.7 million, or
6.8%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit increased due to higher volume of electric motor repair services combined with the addition of Southern Rewinding, which contributed $0.9 million of gross margin for the year
ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased from 20.9% for the year ended September 30, 2014 to 22.7% for the year ended September 30, 2015. Although revenues were down, we were able to improve our margins
through a focus on workflow and process improvement, as well as cost management. Further, the favorable service and project mix at Southern Rewinding contributed to the higher margin percentage year over year. Although margins have continued to
improve year over year, the markets in which we operate remain competitive due to the current economic conditions of some of the larger industries we serve, particularly the steel and rail industries.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.  Our Infrastructure Solutions segment s selling, general and administrative expenses during the year
ended September 30, 2015 increased by $0.2 million compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue increased from 19.7% for the year ended September 30, 2014 to
20.3% for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increases were a result of certain one-time legal expenses and costs associated with the acquisition of Southern Rewinding, combined with the addition of selling, general and administrative
expenses associated with Southern Rewinding s operations. These increases were partially offset by cost reductions made at our locations that service our large rail and steel industry customers, due to the decrease in demand for our services
during the year ended September 30, 2015.     Interest and Other Expense, net   

36  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Expense   
 During the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred interest expense of $1.3 million primarily comprised of interest expense from our term loan facility with
Wells Fargo, an average letter of credit balance of $6.9 million under our revolving credit facility and an average unused line of credit balance of $40.6 million. This compares to interest expense of $1.1 million for the year ended September
30, 2015, on a debt balance primarily comprised of our term loan facility with Wells Fargo, an average letter of credit balance of $6.9 million under our revolving credit facility and an average unused line of credit balance of $45.5 million.  
 For the year ended September 30, 2014, we incurred interest expense of $1.6 million on a debt balance primarily comprised of our term loan facility with
Wells Fargo, an average letter of credit balance of $6.8 million under our revolving credit facility, and an average unused line of credit balance of $23.8 million.  
  PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES     For the year
ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a benefit from income tax of $97.1 million. This benefit included $109.0 million attributable to the release of our valuation allowance on certain of our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax
assets during the year ended September 30, 2016. This benefit is the result of our assessment that it is now more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize these net operating loss carryforwards and other
deferred tax assets.    Our provision for income taxes was $0.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. Tax expense increased for the year
ended September 30, 2015 by $0.2 million related to the federal income tax provision, $0.5 million related to the state income tax provision, and $0.1 million related to uncertain tax benefits. However, these increases were offset by a $0.7 million
benefit from a reduction in our valuation allowance as a result of deferred tax liabilities added in connection with the acquisition of Southern Rewinding.  
  WORKING CAPITAL     During the year ended
September 30, 2016, working capital exclusive of cash increased by $12.1 million from September 30, 2015, reflecting a $37.1 million increase in current assets and an $25.0 million increase in current liabilities during the period.  
 During the year ended September 30, 2016, our current assets increased by $37.1 million, or 26.6%, to $176.8 million, as compared to $139.7 million as of
September 30, 2015. The increase in current assets is driven by current trade accounts receivables, net, which increased by $31.4 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to September 30, 2015. The increase in receivables was most notable in our
Communications segment, which reported significantly higher revenues year over year, as well as an increase in cost-plus type contractual arrangements, where receivables usually are not collected as quickly as our typical contractual arrangements.
At September 30, 2016 we had $13.0 million of accounts receivable of businesses acquired during the period. Days sales outstanding ( DSOs ) increased to 60 as of September 30, 2016 from 56 as of September 30, 2015. While the rate of
collections may vary, our secured position, resulting from our ability to secure liens against our customers  overdue receivables, reasonably assures that collection will occur eventually to the extent that our security retains value. Costs and
estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts increased by $3.2 million at September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of increased activity at our Communications segment, particularly as some
of this additional work has been on cost plus type jobs, where there is typically some delay between incurring the cost and billing it to the customer.  
 During the year ended September 30, 2016, our total current liabilities increased by $25.0 million to $133.1 million, compared to $108.1 million as of
September 30, 2015. The increase was driven primarily by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, which increased by $25.9 million at September 30, 2016 as compared with September 30, 2015. The increase is driven by $6.3
million of accounts payable of businesses acquired during the period, as well as increased activity in our Communications segment.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   Surety     Many
customers, particularly in connection with new construction, require us to post performance and payment bonds issued by a surety. These bonds provide a guarantee to the customer that we will perform under the terms of our contract and that we will
pay our subcontractors and vendors. If we fail to perform under the terms of our contract or to pay subcontractors and vendors, the customer may demand that the surety make payments or provide services under the bond. We must reimburse the sureties
for any expenses or outlays they incur on our behalf. To date, we have not been required to make any reimbursements to our sureties for bond-related costs.  
 As is common in the surety industry, sureties issue bonds on a project-by-project basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time. We believe that our
relationships with our sureties will allow us to provide surety bonds as they are required. However, current market conditions, as well as changes in our sureties  assessment of our operating and financial risk, could cause our sureties to
decline to issue bonds for our work. If our sureties decline to issue bonds for our work, our alternatives would include posting other forms of collateral for project performance, such as letters of credit or cash, seeking bonding capacity from
other sureties, or engaging in more projects that do not require surety bonds. In addition, if we are awarded a project for which a surety bond is required but we are unable to obtain a surety bond, the result could be a claim for damages by the
customer for the costs of replacing us with another contractor.    As of September 30, 2016, the estimated cost to complete our bonded projects was
approximately $54.3 million. We believe the bonding capacity currently provided by our sureties is adequate for our current operations and will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future.  
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES     As of
September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $33.0 million and $33.1 million of availability under our revolving credit facility. We anticipate that the combination of cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available capacity under
our revolving credit facility will provide sufficient cash to enable us to meet our working capital needs, debt service requirements and capital expenditures for property and equipment through the next twelve months. Our ability to generate cash
flow is dependent on many factors, including demand for our services, the availability of projects at margins acceptable to us, the ultimate collectability of our receivables, and our ability to borrow on our revolving credit facility or raise funds
in the capital markets, if needed.   We continue to monitor the financial markets and general national and global economic conditions. To date, we have
experienced no loss or lack of access to our invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted in the future by adverse conditions in the financial
markets.     The Revolving Credit Facility     We maintain
a revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the  Credit Facility ), which is evidenced by an Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ). During fiscal 2016, we
amended the maximum revolver amount under the Credit Facility from $60 million to $70 million and extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility by one year to August 9, 2019. In addition, as further described below, we amended the Credit
Facility to reduce the interest rate charged, modify the calculation of amounts available, resulting in an increase in available borrowing capacity, create new minimum thresholds for liquidity and Excess Availability (as defined in the Credit
Agreement), and modify the thresholds of Liquidity (which, as defined in the Credit Agreement, is the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand plus Excess Availability) and Excess Availability below which the Company must
maintain a specified Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement).  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The Credit Facility is guaranteed by our subsidiaries and secured by first priority liens on substantially all of
our subsidiaries  existing and future acquired assets, exclusive of collateral provided to our surety providers. The Credit Facility also restricts us from paying cash dividends and places limitations on our ability to repurchase our common
stock.      Terms of the Credit Facility      The
Credit Facility contains customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, which were adjusted in fiscal 2016 amendments. At September 30, 2016, we were subject to the financial covenant under the Credit Facility requiring, at any time that
our Liquidity is less than $14 million or our Excess Availability is less than $7 million, that we maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.0:1.0. Additionally, pursuant to the amendments, we are required to maintain minimum
Liquidity of $8.75 million and Excess Availability of $4.38 million at all times. At September 30, 2016, our Liquidity was $66.0 million and our Excess Availability was $33.1 million, and as such, we were not required to maintain a Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio of 1.0:1.0 as of such date. Nonetheless, at September 30, 2016, our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio was 17.6:1.0. Compliance with our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, while not required at September 30, 2016, provides us with the ability
to use cash on hand or to draw on our Credit Facility such that we can fall below the Excess Availability and Liquidity minimum thresholds described above without violating our financial covenant.  
 Our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is calculated as (i) our trailing twelve month EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), less non-financed capital
expenditures (other than capital expenditures financed by means of an advance under the Credit Facility) cash taxes and certain pass-through tax liabilities, divided by (ii) the sum of our cash interest and principal debt payments (other than
repayment of principal on advances under the Credit Facility) and all Restricted Junior Payments (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (other than pass-through tax liabilities) and other cash distributions. As defined in the Credit Agreement, EBITDA
is calculated as consolidated net income (or loss), less extraordinary gains, interest income, non-operating income and income tax benefits and decreases in any change in LIFO reserves, plus stock compensation expense, non-cash extraordinary losses,
interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and increases in any change in LIFO reserves.    If in the future our Liquidity or Excess
Availability fall below $14 million or $7 million, respectively, and at that time our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is less than 1.0:1.0, or if we otherwise fail to perform or otherwise comply with certain of our covenants or other agreements under
our Credit Facility, it would result in an event of default under our Credit Facility, which could result in some or all of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable.  
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility may not exceed a  borrowing base  that is determined monthly by our lenders based on available collateral,
primarily certain accounts receivables, inventories and personal property and equipment. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, amounts outstanding bear interest at a per annum rate equal to a Daily Three Month LIBOR (as defined in the Credit
Agreement), plus an interest rate margin, which is determined quarterly, based on the following thresholds, which were adjusted in the fiscal 2016 amendments:      

Level  
   
   Thresholds  
   
   Interest Rate Margin   

I 
   
 If Liquidity is less than $24.5 million at any time during the period 
   
 2.25 percentage points  

II 
   
 If Liquidity is greater than or equal to $24.5 million at all times during the period and less than $35.0 million at any time during the period 
   
 2.00 percentage points  

III 
   
 If Liquidity is greater than or equal to $35.0 million at all times during the period 
   
 1.75 percentage points  
   In addition, we are charged monthly in arrears for (1) an unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum, (2) a
collateral monitoring fee ranging from $1 thousand to $2 thousand, based on the then-applicable interest rate margin, (3) a letter of credit fee based on the then-applicable interest rate margin and (4) certain other fees and charges
as specified in the Credit Agreement.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, we had $6.9 million in outstanding letters of credit with Wells Fargo and outstanding
borrowings of $29.3 million.     Common Stock Rights Offering   
 On August 7, 2014, we completed a $20.0 million rights offering (the  Rights Offering ). In the Rights Offering, the Company distributed, at no
charge, to the holders of shares of its common stock on July 7, 2014, one non-transferable subscription right for each share of common stock owned. Each right entitled the holder thereof to purchase from the Company 0.214578135 shares of common
stock at a subscription price of $5.20 per share, which represented a discount to the market price of the common stock at the closing of the offering. In addition, holders who purchased all of the shares of common stock available to them were
entitled to subscribe, at the same subscription price of $5.20 per share, for a portion of any shares of common stock that other holders did not purchase, subject to certain limitations (the  Over-Subscription Privilege ). The Rights
Offering was fully subscribed, after giving effect to the exercise of Over-Subscription Privileges, and we received net proceeds of approximately $19.6 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses, for the issuance of 3,846,150 shares of
common stock.    Immediately after giving effect to the Rights Offering, we had 21,768,642 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Tontine
beneficially owned approximately 60% of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to launch of the Rights Offering, and immediately after giving effect to the Rights Offering, Tontine beneficially owned approximately 61% of the
Company s outstanding shares. Tontine currently owns approximately 58% of our outstanding shares based on its most recently filed amendment to its Schedule 13D.  
  Investments     From time to time, the Company may invest in
non-controlling positions in the debt or equity securities of other businesses. In October 2014, our Board of Directors approved an investment policy that permits the Company to invest our cash in liquid and marketable securities that include
equities and fixed income securities, subject to Board approval of any such investment over $0.5 million. Equity securities may include unrestricted, publicly traded stock that is listed on a major exchange or a national, over-the-counter market and
that is appropriate for our portfolio objectives, asset class, and/or investment style, and fixed income securities are required to have an investment grade credit quality at the time of purchase.  
  Operating Activities     Our cash flow from operations is
not only influenced by cyclicality, demand for our services, operating margins and the type of services we provide, but can also be influenced by working capital needs such as the timing of our receivable collections. Working capital needs are
generally lower during our fiscal first and second quarters due to the seasonality that we experience in many regions of the country.    Operating
activities provided net cash of $25.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $11.5 million of net cash provided in the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in operating cash flow is the result of increased net
income, slightly offset by an increase in working capital in connection with the increase in business activity.    Operating activities provided net cash of
$11.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to $12.6 million of net cash provided in the year ended September 30, 2014. Although we reported higher net income in the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the year
ended September 30, 2014, we ended fiscal 2015 with higher levels of working capital in connection with increased levels of activity, as well as working capital requirements at Southern Rewinding, where we used $1.1 million to pay down accounts
payable and accrued liabilities immediately upon closing the acquisition.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Investing Activities   
 In the year ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $60.7 million as compared to $5.9 million of net cash used by investing
activities in the year ended September 30, 2015. Investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 include $59.5 million for the acquisition of businesses, as well as $3.4 million of capital expenditures. These expenditures were slightly
offset by the receipt of $2.2 million from the sale of substantially all of the operating assets of our engine components business. For the year ended September 30, 2015, cash used in investing activities included $3.1 million used for the
acquisition of a business and $2.8 million of capital expenditures.    Investing activities of $2.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2014 relate to
capital expenditures.     Financing Activities   
 Financing activities provided net cash of $19.4 million in the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.6 million used in the year ended September 30,
2015. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we borrowed $20.3 million, which we used to partially fund our acquisition of Technibus. Additionally, we used $0.6 million for the repurchase of common stock under the Company s stock
repurchase program, and $0.3 million to collateralize letters of credit outstanding at Technibus. For the year ended September 30, 2015, we used $3.6 million for repurchases of the Company s common stock under the authorized stock repurchase
program. We repurchased an aggregate $3.5 million of common stock from an unrelated, third-party investor and in open market transactions, pursuant to the stock repurchase program, and we used an additional $0.1 million for the repurchase of common
stock to satisfy employee payroll tax withholding obligations. For the year ended September 30, 2014, we raised $19.6 million through our Rights Offering. This was partly offset by $3.5 million used for repayments on our Credit Facility and $0.2
million used for the repurchase of common stock to satisfy employee payroll tax withholding obligations.     CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
    On October 5, 2016, Tontine filed an amended Schedule 13D indicating its ownership level of approximately 58% of the Company s outstanding
common stock. As a result, Tontine can control most of our affairs, including most actions requiring the approval of shareholders, such as the approval of any potential merger or sale of all or substantially all assets, segments, or the Company
itself.    We are a party to a sublease agreement with Tontine Associates, L.L.C., an affiliate of our controlling shareholder, for corporate office space
in Greenwich, Connecticut. The sublease extends through April, 2019, with monthly payments due in the amount of approximately $8 thousand. The lease has terms at market rates, and payments by the Company are at a rate consistent with that paid by
Tontine Associates, L.L.C. to its landlord.    Jeffrey L. Gendell has served as a member of the Board of Directors and as non-executive Chairman of the
Board since November 2016. He is the managing member and founder of Tontine, the Company s controlling shareholder, and the brother of David B. Gendell, who has served as a member of the Board of Directors since February 2012 and as
non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board since November 2016, having previously served as the Company s non-executive Chairman of the Board from January 2015 to November 2016. David B. Gendell is also an employee of Tontine.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS   
 As is common in our industry, we have entered into certain off-balance sheet arrangements that expose us to increased risk. Our significant off-balance sheet
transactions include commitments associated with non-cancelable operating leases, letter of credit obligations, firm commitments for materials and surety guarantees.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  We enter into non-cancelable operating leases for many of our vehicle and equipment needs. These leases allow us
to retain our cash when we do not own the vehicles or equipment, and we pay a monthly lease rental fee. At the end of the lease, we have no further obligation to the lessor. We may cancel or terminate a lease before the end of its term. Typically,
we would be liable to the lessor for various lease cancellation or termination costs and the difference between the fair market value of the leased asset and the implied book value of the leased asset as calculated in accordance with the lease
agreement.    Some of our customers and vendors require us to post letters of credit as a means of guaranteeing performance under our contracts and ensuring
payment by us to subcontractors and vendors. If our customer has reasonable cause to effect payment under a letter of credit, we would be required to reimburse our creditor for the letter of credit. At September 30, 2016, $0.8 million of our
outstanding letters of credit were to collateralize our customers and vendors.    Some of the underwriters of our casualty insurance program require us to
post letters of credit as collateral, as is common in the insurance industry. To date, we have not had a situation where an underwriter has had reasonable cause to effect payment under a letter of credit. At September 30, 2016, $6.1 million of
our outstanding letters of credit were to collateralize our insurance programs.    From time to time, we may enter into firm purchase commitments for
materials such as copper wire and aluminum wire, among others, which we expect to use in the ordinary course of business. These commitments are typically for terms less than one year and require us to buy minimum quantities of materials at specified
intervals at a fixed price over the term. As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any open purchase commitments.    Many of our customers require us to
post performance and payment bonds issued by a surety. Those bonds guarantee the customer that we will perform under the terms of a contract and that we will pay subcontractors and vendors. In the event that we fail to perform under a contract or
pay subcontractors and vendors, the customer may demand the surety to pay or perform under our bond. Our relationship with our sureties is such that we will indemnify the sureties for any expenses they incur in connection with any of the bonds they
issue on our behalf. To date, we have not incurred any costs to indemnify our sureties for expenses they incurred on our behalf.    As of September 30,
2016, our future contractual obligations due by September 30 of each of the following fiscal years include (in thousands):      

(1) 
 The tabular amounts exclude the interest obligations that will be created if the debt obligations are outstanding for the periods presented.    
 Our other commitments expire by September 30 of each of the following fiscal years (in thousands):  

42  

Table of Contents  

   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to
exist as of the date the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses recognized during the periods presented. We review all significant estimates affecting our Consolidated Financial Statements on a recurring
basis and record the effect of any necessary adjustments prior to their publication. Judgments and estimates are based on our beliefs and assumptions derived from information available at the time such judgments and estimates are made. Uncertainties
with respect to such estimates and assumptions are inherent in the preparation of financial statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.  
 Accordingly, we have identified the accounting principles which we believe are most critical to our reported financial status by considering accounting
policies that involve the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments. We identified our most critical accounting policies to be those related to revenue recognition, accounting for business combinations, the assessment of goodwill and asset
impairment, our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, the recording of our insurance liabilities and estimation of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, and unrecognized tax benefits. These accounting policies, as well as others,
are described in Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, and at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis.  
  Revenue Recognition.  We enter into contracts principally on the basis of competitive bids. We frequently negotiate the final terms and prices of
those contracts with the customer. Although the terms of our contracts vary considerably, over approximately 90% of our revenues are based on either a fixed price or unit price basis in which we agree to do the work for a fixed amount for the entire
project (fixed price) or for units of work performed (unit price). Approximately 5% of our revenues are earned from contracts where we are paid on a time and materials basis, and from time to time, we may enter into contracts on a cost plus basis.
Our most significant cost drivers are the cost of labor, the cost of materials and the cost of casualty and health insurance. These costs may vary from the costs we originally estimated. Variations from estimated contract costs along with other
risks inherent in performing fixed price and unit price contracts may result in actual revenue and gross profits or interim projected revenue and gross profits for a project differing from those we originally estimated and could result in losses on
projects. Depending on the size of a particular project, variations from estimated project costs could have a significant impact on our operating results for any fiscal quarter or year.  
 We complete most of our projects within one year. We frequently provide service and maintenance work under open-ended, unit price master service agreements
which are renewable annually. We recognize revenue on service, time and material work when services are performed. Work performed under a construction contract generally provides that the customers accept completion of progress to date and
compensate us for services rendered, measured in terms of units installed, hours expended or some other measure of progress. Revenues from construction contracts are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method. Revenues recognized on a
percentage-of-completion basis, all of which are fixed price arrangements, comprised approximately 66.8% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016. The percentage-of-completion method for construction contracts is measured
principally by the percentage of costs incurred and accrued to date for each contract to the estimated total costs for each contract at completion. We generally consider contracts substantially complete upon departure from the work site and
acceptance by the customer. Contract costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. Changes in job performance, job
conditions, estimated contract costs, profitability and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income, and the effects of such revisions are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. Provisions for
total estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  The current asset  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings  represents revenues recognized
in excess of amounts billed that management believes will be billed and collected within the next twelve months. The current liability  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings  represents billings in excess of revenues
recognized. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings are amounts considered recoverable from customers based on different measures of performance, including achievement of specific milestones, completion of specified units or completion of
the contract. Also included in this asset, from time to time, are claims and unapproved change orders, which include amounts that we are in the process of collecting from our customers or agencies for changes in contract specifications or design,
contract change orders in dispute or unapproved as to scope and price, or other related causes of unanticipated additional contract costs. Claims and unapproved change orders are recorded at estimated realizable value when collection is probable and
can be reasonably estimated. We do not recognize profits on construction costs incurred in connection with claims. Claims made by us involve negotiation and, in certain cases, litigation. Such litigation costs are expensed as incurred.  
  Business Combinations . In accounting for business combinations, certain assumptions and estimates are employed in determining the fair value of assets
acquired, evaluating the fair value of liabilities assumed, as well as in determining the allocation of goodwill to the appropriate reporting unit. These estimates may be affected by factors such as changing market conditions affecting the
industries in which we operate. The most significant assumptions requiring judgment involve identifying and estimating the fair value of intangible assets and the associated useful lives for establishing amortization periods. To finalize purchase
accounting for significant acquisitions, we utilize the services of independent valuation specialists to assist in the determination of the fair value of acquired intangible assets.  
  Valuation of Intangibles and Long-Lived Assets.  We evaluate goodwill for potential impairment at least annually at year end, however, if
impairment indicators exist, we will evaluate as needed. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater
than its carrying value. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, then we perform an impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing
this calculated fair value with the carrying value of the reporting unit. We estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on the market approach and income approach. Included in this evaluation are certain assumptions and estimates to
determine the fair values of reporting units such as estimates of future cash flows and discount rates, as well as assumptions and estimates related to the valuation of other identified intangible assets. Changes in these assumptions and estimates
or significant changes to the market value of our common stock could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. We did not record goodwill impairment during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
 Each reporting period, we assess impairment indicators related to long-lived assets and intangible assets. If we determine impairment indicators exist, we
conduct an evaluation to determine whether any impairment has occurred. This evaluation includes certain assumptions and estimates to determine fair value of asset groups, including estimates about future cash flows and discount rates, among others.
Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial projections. No impairment charges were recorded in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
  Current and Non-Current Accounts Receivable and Provision for Doubtful Accounts.  We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for unknown
collection issues, in addition to reserves for specific accounts receivable where collection is considered doubtful. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates including, among others, our
customers  access to capital, our customers  willingness to pay, general economic conditions, and the ongoing relationships with our customers. In addition to these factors, the method of accounting for construction contracts requires the
review and analysis of not only the net receivables, but also the amount of billings in excess of costs and costs in excess of billings. The analysis management utilizes to assess collectability of our receivables includes detailed review of older
balances, analysis of days sales outstanding where we include in the calculation, in addition to accounts receivable  
      44  

Table of Contents  

balances net of any allowance for doubtful accounts, the level of costs in excess of billings netted against billings in excess of costs, and the ratio of accounts receivable, net of any
allowance for doubtful accounts plus the level of costs in excess of billings, to revenues. These analyses provide an indication of those amounts billed ahead of or behind the recognition of revenue on our construction contracts and are important to
consider in understanding the operational cash flows related to our revenue cycle.     Risk-Management.  We are insured for workers 
compensation, automobile liability, general liability, construction defects, pollution, employment practices and employee-related health care claims, subject to deductibles. Our general liability program provides coverage for bodily injury and
property damage. Losses up to the deductible amounts are accrued based upon our estimates of the liability for claims incurred and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. The accruals are derived from actuarial studies, known facts,
historical trends and industry averages utilizing the assistance of an actuary to determine the best estimate of the ultimate expected loss. We believe such accruals to be adequate; however, insurance liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate
due to unknown factors, including the severity of an injury, the determination of our liability in proportion to other parties, the number of incidents incurred but not reported and the effectiveness of our safety program. Therefore, if actual
experience differs from the assumptions used in the actuarial valuation, adjustments to the reserve may be required and would be recorded in the period that the experience becomes known.  
  Valuation Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets.  We regularly evaluate valuation allowances established for deferred tax assets for which future
realization is uncertain. We perform this evaluation quarterly. The estimation of required valuation allowances includes estimates of future taxable income. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets at September 30, 2016, we
concluded, based upon the assessment of positive and negative evidence, that it is more likely than not that the Company will generate sufficient table income within the applicable NOL carryforward periods to realize $93.5 million of its
deferred tax assets. We considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.  
 Over the ten-year period from 2004 through 2013, the Company reported net losses each year, finally returning to profitability in the year ended September 30,
2014. Because of this substantial history of losses, a substantial amount of positive evidence regarding current and future earnings is required to outweigh the significant negative evidence associated with our historical losses. For the year ended
September 30, 2016, we reported a 35% increase in pretax income compared with the prior year. As shown in our Selected Financial Data table in Item 6 of this form 10-K, our earnings have improved. In 2016, we completed four acquisitions. As of the
end of the fourth quarter 2016, all four 2016 acquisitions have been successfully integrated, and are contributing to the Company s profitability. The largest of these acquisitions, Technibus, was acquired near the end of the third quarter of
fiscal 2016, and we expect to benefit from a full year of Technibus operations in fiscal 2017. Improving results at the Company s existing operations, as well as the integration of newly acquired businesses, have led to an increase in both
current year actual and forecasted earnings. These 2016 developments, combined with the wind-down over the past few years of several underperforming branches closed in our 2011 restructuring, which generated significant historical losses, have led
us to conclude that the more recent positive evidence now outweighs the historical negative evidence, and it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize $93.5 million of deferred tax assets.  
 The release of the valuation allowance has been recorded as an income tax benefit in 2016, resulting in a benefit of $109.0 million, including $16.0 million
related to current year activity. This benefit has resulted in a negative effective tax rate for the year ended September 30, 2016. As such, we expect our effective tax rate to increase in subsequent periods. However, this valuation allowance
release has no impact on the amount of cash paid for income taxes. An inability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to realize our deferred tax assets may lead to a future need for a valuation allowance, and a corresponding
reduction in GAAP net income. Further, any future reduction in the federal statutory tax rate could also cause a reduction in the economic benefit of the NOL available to us, and a corresponding charge to reduce the book value of the deferred tax
asset recorded on our balance sheet.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   Income Taxes.  GAAP specifies the methodology by which a company must identify, recognize, measure and
disclose in its financial statements the effects of any uncertain tax return reporting positions that it has taken or expects to take. GAAP requires financial statement reporting of the expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax return
reporting positions on the presumption that all relevant tax authorities possess full knowledge of those tax reporting positions, as well as all of the pertinent facts and circumstances, but it prohibits discounting of any of the related tax effects
for the time value of money.    The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is the recognition process to determine if it is more
likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority, based on the technical merits of the position. The second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more likely
than not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit/expense to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit/expense that is more likely than not of being realized
upon ultimate settlement.    We are currently not under federal audit by the Internal Revenue Service. The tax years ended September 30, 2013 and
forward are subject to audit as are prior tax years, to the extent of unutilized net operating losses generated in those years.    We anticipate that
approximately $3.7 million in liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest, may be reversed in the next twelve months. This reversal is predominantly due to the expiration of the statutes of limitation for unrecognized tax
benefits.     New Accounting Pronouncements.  Recent accounting pronouncements are described in Note 2,  Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies    New Accounting Pronouncements   in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, and at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis.  

Item 7A.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       Management is actively involved in
monitoring exposure to market risk and continues to develop and utilize appropriate risk management techniques. Our exposure to significant market risks includes fluctuations in labor costs, and commodity prices for copper, aluminum, steel and fuel.
Commodity price risks may have an impact on our results of operations due to the fixed price nature of many of our contracts. We are also exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our outstanding debt obligations on the Credit Facility. For
additional information see   Risk Factors   in Item 1A of this Form 10-K.     Commodity Risk   
 Our exposure to significant market risks includes fluctuations in commodity prices for copper, aluminum, steel and fuel. Commodity price risks may have an
impact on our results of operations due to fixed nature of many of our contracts. Over the long-term, we expect to be able to pass along a portion of these costs to our customers, as market conditions in the construction industry will allow.  
  Interest Rate Risk     We are subject to interest rate risk
on our floating interest rate borrowings. Floating rate debt, where the interest rate fluctuates periodically, exposes us to short-term changes in market interest rates.  
 All of the long-term debt outstanding under our Credit Facility is structured on floating interest rate terms. A one percentage point increase in the interest
rates on our long-term debt outstanding under our Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016 would cause a $0.3 million pre-tax annual increase in interest expense.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

Item 8.   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data         INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS       

Page  

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

48 

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

50 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   

51 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   

52 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

53 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

54 

47  

Table of Contents  

     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of    IES Holdings, Inc.
and subsidiaries    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.    We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of IES
Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated December 9, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP      
 Houston, Texas    December 9, 2016  
      48  

Table of Contents  

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries:  
 We have audited IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on
criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.    As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s
assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting did not include the internal controls over Calumet Armature   Electric, LLC, Shanahan Mechanical and Electrical, Inc., STR Mechanical, LLC, and
Technibus, Inc. acquired during the year ended September 30, 2016, which are included in the 2016 consolidated financial statements of the Company. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets, these businesses constituted 7% of consolidated total
assets as of September 30, 2016 and 5% of consolidated revenues of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries also did not include
the evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of these businesses referred to above.    In our opinion, IES Holdings, Inc. and
subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016
and our report dated December 9, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP  
 Houston, Texas    December 9, 2016  
      49  

Table of Contents  

   IES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (In Thousands, Except Share Information)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

   IES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
  (In Thousands, Except Share Information)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

   IES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
  (In Thousands, Except Share Information)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

   IES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (In Thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

   IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)   
  1. BUSINESS      Description of the Business   
 IES Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that owns and manages operating subsidiaries in business activities across a variety of end markets. Our operations are
currently organized into four principal business segments based upon the nature of our current services:      

Communications    Nationwide provider of technology infrastructure products and services to large corporations and independent businesses.    

Residential    Regional provider of electrical installation services for single-family housing and multi-family apartment complexes.    

Commercial   Industrial    Provider of electrical and mechanical design, construction, and maintenance services to the commercial and industrial markets in various regional markets and
nationwide in certain areas of expertise, such as the power infrastructure market.        

Infrastructure Solutions    Provider of electro-mechanical solutions for industrial operations.    
 The words  IES , the  Company ,  we ,  our , and  us  refer to IES Holdings, Inc. and, except as otherwise
specified herein, to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.    Our Communications segment is a leading provider of network infrastructure services for data centers
and other mission critical environments. Services offered include the design, installation and maintenance of network infrastructure for the financial, medical, hospitality, government, high-tech manufacturing, educational and information technology
industries, including for Fortune 500 companies. We also provide the design and installation of audio/visual, telephone, fire, wireless access and intrusion alarm systems as well as design/build, service and maintenance of data network systems.
We perform services across the United States from our 13 offices, which include our Communications headquarters located in Tempe, Arizona, allowing for dedicated onsite maintenance teams at our customers  sites.  
 Our Residential segment provides electrical installation services for single-family housing and multi-family apartment complexes and cable television
installations for residential and light commercial applications. In addition to our core electrical construction work, the Residential segment also provides services for the installation of residential solar power, both for new construction and
existing residences. The Residential segment is made up of 32 locations, which include our Residential headquarters in Houston, Texas. These locations geographically cover the Sun-Belt, Western and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. 
 Our Commercial   Industrial segment offers a broad range of expertise that enables us to provide a wide array of electrical and mechanical design,
construction, and maintenance services to the commercial and industrial markets. The offerings under our design services platform range from budget assistance to providing design build and LEED solutions to our end customers. These services are
typically integrated with our construction services. Our construction services range from the initial planning and procurement to installation and start-up. The construction services are offered to a variety of new and remodel construction projects
including transmission and distribution projects. The maintenance services offered include constant presence, critical plant shutdown, troubleshooting, emergency testing, and preventative maintenance. We provide our services for a variety of project
types, including: office buildings, manufacturing facilities, data centers, chemical plants, refineries, wind farms, solar facilities and municipal infrastructure and health care facilities. The Commercial   Industrial segment consists of
20 locations, including the segment headquarters in Houston, Texas. These locations geographically cover Texas, Nebraska, Colorado, Oregon and the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Our Infrastructure Solutions segment provides electro-mechanical solutions for industrial operations to
domestic and international customers. In particular, our electro-mechanical services include the maintenance and repair of alternating current (AC) and direct current (DC) electric motors and generators, as well as power generating and distribution
equipment; the manufacture, remanufacture, and repair of industrial lifting magnets; maintenance and repair of railroad main and auxiliary generators, main alternators, and traction motors; and the manufacture of bus duct solutions used in power
distribution. In April 2016, Infrastructure Solutions sold substantially all of the assets of its engine components business, which manufactured and remanufactured EMD-style power assemblies for various engine types and offered premium replacement
parts for power assemblies. This segment serves the steel, railroad, marine, petrochemical, pulp and paper, wind energy, mining, automotive, power generation, scrap yards, and utility industries. Infrastructure Solutions is comprised of 10
locations, headquartered in Ohio. These locations geographically cover Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, West Virginia and California. 
  Controlling Shareholder     At September 30, 2016, Tontine
Associates, L.L.C. and its affiliates (collectively,  Tontine ), was the controlling shareholder of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, Tontine has the ability to exercise significant control over our affairs, including the
election of directors and most actions requiring the approval of shareholders, including the approval of any potential merger or sale of all or substantially all assets or segments of the Company, or the Company itself. For a more complete
discussion on our relationship with Tontine, please refer to Note 3,  Controlling Shareholder  in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Principles of Consolidation     The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of IES Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  Asset Impairment     During the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded no asset impairment charges.     Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires
the use of estimates and assumptions by management in determining the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are primarily used in our revenue recognition of construction in progress, fair value assumptions in accounting for business combinations and analyzing goodwill,
investments, intangible assets and long-lived asset impairments and adjustments, allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, stock-based compensation, reserves for legal matters, realizability of deferred tax assets, unrecognized tax benefits and
self-insured claims liabilities and related reserves.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   Inventories   
 Inventories generally consist of raw materials, work in process, finished goods, and parts and supplies held for use in the ordinary course of business.
Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market generally using the historical average cost or first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. When circumstances dictate, we write down inventory to its estimated realizable value based on assumptions about
future demand, market conditions, plans for disposal, and physical condition of the product. Where shipping and handling costs on inventory purchases are borne by us, these charges are included in inventory and charged to cost of services upon use
in our projects or the providing of services.     Securities and Equity Investments   
 Our investments in entities where we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for using the cost method of accounting. Each
period, we evaluate whether an event or change in circumstances has occurred that may indicate an investment has been impaired. If, upon further investigation of such events, we determine the investment has suffered a decline in value that is other
than temporary, we write down the investment to its estimated fair value.     Property and Equipment   
 Additions of property and equipment are recorded at cost, and depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the
related asset. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the lesser of the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset.  
 Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which extend the useful lives
of existing property and equipment, are capitalized and depreciated. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the capitalized cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is
recognized in the statements of comprehensive income in the caption (gain) loss on sale of assets.     Goodwill   
 Goodwill attributable to each reporting unit is tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. These
impairment tests are required to be performed at least annually. On an ongoing basis (absent any impairment indicators), we perform an impairment test annually using a measurement date of September 30. In evaluating goodwill for
impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the
carrying value of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, then we perform an impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing this calculated fair value with the carrying value of the reporting unit.  
 We estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on both a market approach and an income approach, using discounted estimated future cash flows. The
market approach uses market multiples of enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for comparable publicly traded companies. The income approach relies on significant estimates for future cash flows,
projected long-term growth rates, and the weighted average cost of capital.     Intangible Assets   
 Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives based on expected economic benefit with no residual value. Customer
relationships are amortized assuming gradual attrition. Intangible assets  
      56  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
with indefinite lives are not subject to amortization. We perform a test for impairment annually, or more frequently when indicators of impairment are present.  
  Debt Issuance Costs     Debt issuance costs are included as
a reduction of our debt outstanding, and are amortized to interest expense over the scheduled maturity of the debt. Amortization expense of debt issuance costs was $345, $317 and $385, respectively, for the years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014. Remaining
unamortized capitalized debt issuance costs were $976 and $1,031 at September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively.     Revenue Recognition
    Revenue is generally recognized once the following four criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery of the
product has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the price of the product or service is fixed and determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Costs associated with these services are recognized within the period they are
incurred.    We recognize revenue on project contracts using the percentage of completion method. Project contracts generally provide that customers accept
completion of progress to date and compensate us for services rendered measured in terms of units installed, hours expended or some other measure of progress. We recognize revenue on both signed contracts and change orders. A discussion of our
treatment of claims and unapproved change orders is described later in this section. Percentage of completion for construction contracts is measured principally by the percentage of costs incurred and accrued to date for each contract to the
estimated total cost for each contract at completion. We generally consider contracts to be substantially complete upon departure from the work site and acceptance by the customer. Contract costs include all direct material, labor and insurance
costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. Changes in job performance, job conditions, estimated contract costs and profitability and final contract
settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and the effects of these revisions are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. Provisions for total estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in
which such losses are determined. The balances billed but not paid by customers pursuant to retainage provisions in project contracts will be due upon completion of the contracts and acceptance by the customer. Based on our experience, the retention
balance at each balance sheet date will be collected within the subsequent fiscal year.    Certain divisions in the Residential and Infrastructure Solutions
segments use the completed contract method of accounting because the duration of their contracts are short in nature. We recognize revenue on completed contracts when the project is complete and billable to the customer. Provisions for estimated
losses on these contracts are recorded in the period such losses are determined.    The current asset  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of
billings  represents revenues recognized in excess of amounts billed which management believes will generally be billed and collected within the next twelve months. Also included in this asset, from time to time, are claims and unapproved
change orders which are amounts we are in the process of collecting from our customers or agencies for changes in contract specifications or design, contract change orders in dispute or unapproved as to scope and price, or other related causes of
unanticipated additional contract costs. Claims are limited to costs incurred and are recorded at estimated realizable value when collection is probable and can be reasonably estimated. We do not recognize profits on project costs incurred in
connection with claims. Claims made by us involve negotiation and, in certain cases, litigation. Such litigation costs are expensed as incurred. As of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, there were  
      57  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
no material revenues recorded associated with any outstanding claims. The current liability  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings  represents billings in excess of
revenues recognized. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings are amounts considered recoverable from customers based on different measures of performance, including achievement of specific milestones, completion of specified units or at
the completion of the contract.     Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   
 We record accounts receivable for all amounts billed and not collected. Generally, we do not charge interest on outstanding accounts receivable; however, from
time to time we may believe it necessary to charge interest on a case by case basis. Additionally, we provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for specific accounts receivable where collection is considered doubtful as well as for general unknown
collection issues based on historical trends. Accounts receivable not determined to be collectible are written off as deemed necessary in the period such determination is made. As is common in our industry, some of these receivables are in
litigation or require us to exercise our contractual lien rights in order to collect. These receivables are primarily associated with a few branches within our Commercial   Industrial segment. Certain other receivables are slow-pay in nature and
require us to exercise our contractual or lien rights. Our allowance for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $736 and $842, respectively. We believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is sufficient to cover uncollectible
receivables as of September 30, 2016.     Comprehensive Income   
 Comprehensive income includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by and distributions to stockholders.  
  Income Taxes     We follow the asset and liability method of
accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the future income tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities,
and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws.    We regularly evaluate valuation allowances established for deferred tax assets for which future
realization is uncertain. We perform this evaluation on a quarterly basis. The estimation of required valuation allowances includes estimates of future taxable income. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets at September 30, 2016, we
concluded, based upon the assessment of positive and negative evidence, that it is more likely than not that the Company will generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable NOL carryforward periods to realize its net deferred tax
assets of $93,549. We considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. If actual future taxable income is different from these estimates, our
results could be affected.    On May 12, 2006, we had a change in ownership as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Internal Revenue Code
Section 382 limits the utilization of net operating losses that existed as of the change in ownership in tax periods subsequent to the change in ownership. As such, our utilization after the change date of net operating losses in existence as
of the change in ownership is subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitations for federal income taxes and some state income taxes.     Risk
Management     We retain the risk for workers  compensation, employer s liability, automobile liability, construction defects, general liability
and employee group health claims, as well as pollution coverage, resulting from uninsured  
      58  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
deductibles per accident or occurrence which are subject to annual aggregate limits. Our general liability program provides coverage for bodily injury and property damage. Losses up to the
deductible amounts are accrued based upon our known claims incurred and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Each year, we compile our historical data pertaining to the insurance experiences and actuarially develop the ultimate loss
associated with our insurance programs other than pollution coverage for our Infrastructure Solutions segment. We believe that the actuarial valuation provides the best estimate of the ultimate losses to be expected under these programs.  
 The undiscounted ultimate losses of our workers  compensation, auto and general liability insurance reserves at September 30, 2016 and 2015, was
$5,223 and $4,465, respectively. Based on historical payment patterns, we expect payments of undiscounted ultimate losses to be made as follows:      
   We elect to discount the ultimate losses above to present value using an approximate risk-free rate over the average life of
our insurance claims. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the discount rate used was 1.1 percent and 1.4 percent, respectively. The present value of all insurance reserves for the employee group health claims, workers 
compensation, auto and general liability recorded at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5,464 and $4,518, respectively. Our employee group health claims are anticipated to be resolved within the year ended September 30, 2017.  
 We had letters of credit totaling $6,126 outstanding at September 30, 2016 to collateralize certain of our high deductible insurance obligations.  
  Realization of Long-Lived Assets     We evaluate the
recoverability of property and equipment and other long-lived assets as facts and circumstances indicate that any of those assets might be impaired. If an evaluation is required for our assets we plan to hold and use, the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared to the asset s carrying amount to determine if an impairment of such property has occurred. The effect of any impairment would be to expense the difference between the fair value of
such property and its carrying value. Estimated fair values are determined based on expected future cash flows discounted at a rate we believe incorporates the time value of money, the expectations about future cash flows and an appropriate risk
premium.    For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, no indicators of impairments were identified, and no impairment charges were recorded.
    Risk Concentration     Financial instruments, which
potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash deposits and accounts receivable. Through delayed payment terms, we at times grant credit, usually without  
      59  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
collateral, to our customers, who are generally large public companies, contractors and homebuilders throughout the United States. Consequently, we are subject to potential credit risk related to
changes in business and economic factors throughout the United States, specifically, within the construction, homebuilding and mission critical facility markets. However, we are entitled to payment for work performed and generally have certain lien
rights in that work. Further, management believes that its contract acceptance, billing and collection policies are adequate to manage potential credit risk. We routinely maintain cash balances in financial institutions in excess of federally
insured limits. We periodically assess the financial condition of these institutions where these funds are held and believe the credit risk is minimal. We maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents in money market mutual funds. There can
be no assurance, however, that we will not be adversely affected by credit risks we face.    No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our
consolidated revenues for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.     Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, notes receivable, investments, accounts payable, and a loan agreement. We
believe that the carrying value of financial instruments, with the exception of our cost method investment in EnerTech Capital Partners II L.P. ( Enertech ), a private investment fund, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets,
approximates their fair value due to their short-term nature. The carrying value of our debt approximates fair value, as debt incurs interest at a variable rate. 
 We estimate the fair value of our investment in EnerTech (Level 3) using quoted market prices for underlying publicly traded securities, and estimated
enterprise values determined using cash flow projections and market multiples of the underlying non-public companies. For additional information, please refer to Note 6,  Detail of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts    Securities
and Equity Investments           Investment in EnerTech.       Stock-Based Compensation   
 We measure and record compensation expense for all share-based payment awards based on the fair value of the awards granted, net of estimated forfeitures, at
the date of grant. We calculate the fair value of stock options using a binomial option pricing model. The fair value of restricted stock awards and phantom stock unit awards is determined based on the number of shares granted and the closing price
of IES s common stock on the date of grant. For awards vesting upon achievement of a market condition, the likelihood of achieving that market condition is considered in determining the fair value of the grant, which we expense ratably over the
vesting period. For awards vesting upon achievement of a performance condition, we record expense based on the grant date fair value when it becomes probable the performance condition will be achieved. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant
and revised as deemed necessary. The resulting compensation expense from discretionary awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period.  
  Deferred Compensation Plans     The Company maintains a
rabbi trust to fund certain deferred compensation plans. The securities held by the trust are classified as trading securities. The investments are recorded at fair value and are classified as other non-current assets in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. The changes in fair values are recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The corresponding deferred compensation liability is included in other non-current liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets and changes in this obligation are recognized as adjustments to compensation expense in the period in which they are determined.  
  New Accounting Pronouncements     In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard which will supersede previous existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard creates a five-step model for
revenue recognition that requires companies to exercise judgment when considering contract terms and relevant facts and circumstances. The standard also requires expanded disclosures surrounding revenue recognition. The effective date will be the
first quarter of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. The standard allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption, and we currently plan to use the modified retrospective basis on the adoption date. We are
currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-03, Interest   Imputation Of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU 2015-03 ), which requires that debt issuance costs be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. Prior to the issuance of ASU 2015-03, debt issuance costs were required to be presented as other assets, separate from the related debt liability. ASU 2015-03 does not
change the recognition and measurement requirements for debt issuance costs. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update (ASU 2015-15) to address revolving lines of credit which may not have outstanding balances. This update allows an entity
presenting the cost of securing a revolving line of credit as an asset, regardless of whether a balance is outstanding. The standard was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 on a retrospective basis. The Company adopted this
update retrospectively during the period ended September 30, 2016. This adoption resulted in reductions of $976 and $1,031 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of both Other non-current assets and Long term debt in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.    In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments (ASU 2015-16), which eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period
in which it determines the amount of the adjustment, including the effect on earnings of any amounts it would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The update is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this presentation during the period ended September 30, 2016 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on our results of operations or
financial position.    In November 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance that clarifies that in a classified statement of financial position, an entity
shall classify deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent amounts. The Company adopted this presentation during the period ended December 31, 2015. Prior periods have not been retrospectively adjusted. At December 31, 2015, the
implementation of this guidance resulted in a decrease to prepaid expenses and other current assets and corresponding increase to other non-current assets of $55.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under ASU 2016-02, lessees will need to recognize a
right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all of their leases, other than those that meet the definition of a short-term lease. For income statement purposes, leases must be classified as either operating or finance. Operating leases will result
in straight-line expense, similar to current operating leases, while finance  
      61  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern, similar to current capital leases. ASU 2016-02 becomes effective for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. We are currently evaluating
whether to early adopt the standard and what impact it will have on our consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 eliminates additional paid in capital pools and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are
settled. The accounting for an employee s use of shares to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation and the accounting for forfeitures is also changing. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We expect to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the year ended September 30, 2017. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial
position or cash flows.     3. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER   
 At September 30, 2016, Tontine was the controlling shareholder of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, Tontine has the ability to exercise significant
control over our affairs, including the election of directors and most actions requiring the approval of shareholders.    While Tontine is subject to
restrictions under federal securities laws on sales of its shares as an affiliate, in 2013, the Company filed a shelf registration statement pursuant to a registration rights agreement to register certain of Tontine s shares. The shelf
registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on June 18, 2013. As long as the shelf registration statement remains effective, Tontine has the ability to resell any or all of its registered shares from time to time in one or more
offerings, as described in the shelf registration statement and in any prospectus supplement filed in connection with an offering pursuant to the shelf registration statement. 
 Should Tontine sell or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of its position in IES, a change in ownership could occur. A change in ownership, as defined by
Internal Revenue Code Section 382, could reduce the availability of net operating losses ( NOLs ) for federal and state income tax purposes. On November 8, 2016, the Company implemented a new tax benefit protection plan (the  NOL
Rights Plan ), following expiration of the Company s prior tax benefit protection plan, which was implemented in January 2013. Like the prior plan, the NOL Rights Plan was designed to deter an acquisition of the Company s stock
in excess of a threshold amount that could trigger a change of control within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 382. There can be no assurance that the NOL Rights Plan will be effective in deterring a change of control or protecting
the NOLs. Furthermore, a change in control would trigger the change of control provisions in a number of our material agreements, including our credit facility, bonding agreements with our sureties and our severance arrangements.  
 Jeffrey L. Gendell was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors and as non-executive Chairman of the Board in November 2016. He is the managing
member and founder of Tontine and the brother of David B. Gendell, who has served as a member of the Board of Directors since February 2012 as non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board since November 2016 and as the Company s non-executive
Chairman of the Board from January 2015 to November 2016. David B. Gendell is also an employee of Tontine.  
      62  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property and equipment consists of the following:      
   Depreciation expense from continuing operations was $2,727, $2,128 and $1,989, respectively, for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.     5. PER SHARE INFORMATION   
 Basic earnings per share is calculated as income (loss) available to common stockholders, divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. If the effect is dilutive, participating securities are included in the computation of basic earnings per share. Our participating securities do not have a contractual obligation to share in the losses in any given period. As a
result, these participating securities will not be allocated any losses in the periods of net losses, but will be allocated income in the periods of net income using the two-class method.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The following table reconciles the components of the basic and diluted loss per share for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:      
    6. DETAIL OF CERTAIN BALANCE SHEET ACCOUNTS   
  Activity in our allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts and long-term receivables consists of the following:   

64  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:   
   
    Contracts in progress are as follows:       
    Other non-current assets are comprised of the following:   
   
    Securities and Equity Investments   
  Investment in EnerTech     At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
held an investment in EnerTech Capital Partners II L.P. ( EnerTech), a private investment fund. As our investment was 2.21 % of the overall ownership in EnerTech at September 30, 2016 and 2015, we account for this investment using the cost
method of accounting. EnerTech s investment portfolio from time to time results in unrealized losses reflecting a possible, other-than-temporary, impairment of our investment. The carrying value of our investment in EnerTech at both September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $919.  
      65  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The following table presents the reconciliation of the carrying value and unrealized gains (losses) to the
fair value of the investment in EnerTech as of September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   At each reporting date, the Company performs an evaluation of impairment for securities to determine if any unrealized losses
are other-than-temporary. For equity securities, this evaluation considers a number of factors including, but not limited to, the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near term
prospects of the issuer and management s ability and intent to hold the securities until fair value recovers. The assessment of the ability and intent to hold these securities to recovery focuses on liquidity needs, asset and liability
management objectives and securities portfolio objectives. Based on the results of this evaluation, we believe the unrealized gain at September 30, 2016 indicated our investment was not impaired. 
 In December 2015, EnerTech s general partner, with the consent of the fund s investors, extended the fund through December 31, 2016. The
fund is expected to terminate on this date unless extended by the fund s valuation committee. The fund may be extended for another one-year period through December 31, 2017 with the consent of the fund s valuation committee.  
  7. DEBT      Debt consists of the following:   
   
   At September 30, 2016, we had $33,070 available to us under the Credit Facility (as defined below), $6,944 in outstanding
letters of credit with Wells Fargo and $30,233 outstanding borrowings on our Revolving Loan under the Credit Facility (the  Revolving Loan ). All amounts outstanding under our Revolving Loan are due and payable in 2019, upon
expiration of the Credit Facility, and all amounts described as available are available without triggering our financial covenant under the Credit Facility.  
 For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred interest expense of $1,282, $1,130 and $1,574, respectively.  
  The Revolving Credit Facility     We maintain a revolving
credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the  Credit Facility ), which is evidenced by an Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ). During
 
      66  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
fiscal 2016, we amended the maximum revolver amount under the Credit Facility from $60,000 to $70,000 and extended the maturity date by one year to August 9, 2019. In addition, as further
described below, we amended the Credit Facility to reduce the interest rate charged, modify the calculation of amounts available, resulting in an increase in available borrowing capacity, create new minimum thresholds for Liquidity and Excess
Availability (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and modify the thresholds of Liquidity (which, as defined in the Credit Agreement, is the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents on hand plus Excess Availability) and Excess
Availability below which the Company must maintain a specified Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement).    The Credit Facility is
guaranteed by our subsidiaries and secured by first priority liens on substantially all of our subsidiaries  existing and future acquired assets, exclusive of collateral provided to our surety providers. The Credit Facility also restricts us
from paying cash dividends and places limitations on our ability to repurchase our common stock.      Terms of the Credit Facility    
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, which were adjusted in the fiscal 2016 amendments. At September 30, 2016,
we were subject to the financial covenant under the Credit Facility requiring, at any time that our Liquidity is less than $14,000 or our Excess Availability is less than $7,000, that we maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than
1.0:1.0. Additionally, pursuant to amendments to the Credit Facility, we are required to maintain minimum Liquidity of $8,750 and Excess Availability of $4,380 at all times. At September 30, 2016, our Liquidity was $66,291 and our Excess
Availability was $33,070, and as such, we were not required to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.0:1.0 as of such date. Nonetheless, at September 30, 2016, our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio was 17.6:1.0. Compliance with our Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, while not required at September 30, 2016, provides us with the ability to use cash on hand or to draw on our Credit Facility such that we can fall below the Excess Availability and Liquidity minimum thresholds described above without
violating our financial covenant.    Our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is calculated as (i) our trailing twelve month EBITDA (as defined in the Credit
Agreement), less non-financed capital expenditures (other than capital expenditures financed by means of an advance under the Credit Facility) cash taxes and certain pass-through tax liabilities, divided by (ii) the sum of our cash interest and
principal debt payments (other than repayment of principal on advances under the Credit Facility) and all Restricted Junior Payments (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (other than pass-through tax liabilities) and other cash distributions. As
defined in the Credit Agreement, EBITDA is calculated as consolidated net income (or loss), less extraordinary gains, interest income, non-operating income and income tax benefits and decreases in any change in LIFO reserves, plus stock compensation
expense, non-cash extraordinary losses, interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and increases in any change in LIFO reserves.    If in
the future our Liquidity or Excess Availability fall below $14,000 or $7,000, respectively, and at that time our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is less than 1.0:1.0, or if we otherwise fail to perform or otherwise comply with certain of our covenants
or other agreements under our Credit Facility, it would result in an event of default under our Credit Facility, which could result in some or all of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable.  
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility may not exceed a  borrowing base  that is determined monthly by our lenders based on available collateral,
primarily certain accounts receivables, inventories and personal property and equipment. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, amounts outstanding bear interest at a per annum rate  
      67  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
equal to a Daily Three Month LIBOR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus an interest rate margin, which is determined quarterly, based on the following thresholds, which were adjusted in the
fiscal 2016 amendments:      

Level  
    
   Thresholds  
    
   Interest Rate Margin   

I  
    
   If Liquidity is less than $24,500 at any time during the period  
    
   2.25 percentage points   

II  
    
 If Liquidity is greater than or equal to $24,500 at all times during the period and less than $35,000 at any time during the period 
    
   2.00 percentage points   

III  
    
   If Liquidity is greater than or equal to $35,000 at all times during the period  
    
   1.75 percentage points   
   In addition, we are charged monthly in arrears for (1) an unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum, (2) a
collateral monitoring fee ranging from $1 to $2, based on the then-applicable interest rate margin, (3) a letter of credit fee based on the then-applicable interest rate margin and (4) certain other fees and charges as specified in the
Credit Agreement.    At September 30, 2016, the carrying value of amounts outstanding on our Credit Facility approximated fair value, as debt incurs
interest at a variable rate. The fair value of the debt is classified as a Level 2 measurement.     8. LEASES   
 We enter into operating leases for many of our facilities, vehicle and equipment needs. These leases allow us to retain cash, and we pay a monthly lease rental
fee. At the end of the lease, we have no further obligation to the lessor. We may cancel or terminate a lease before the end of its term. Typically, we would be liable to the lessor for various lease cancellation or termination costs and the
difference between the fair market value of the leased asset and the implied book value of the leased asset as calculated in accordance with the lease agreement.  
 For a discussion of leases with certain related parties which are included below, see Note 12,  Related-Party Transactions.   
 Rent expense was $5,868, $5,295 and $5,300 for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 Future minimum lease payments under these non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year are as follows:  

68  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   9. INCOME TAXES   
 Federal and state income tax provisions for continuing operations are as follows:      
   Actual income tax expense differs from income tax expense computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory corporate rate
of 35 percent to income (loss) before income taxes as follows:      
 
      69  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Deferred income tax provisions result from temporary differences in the recognition of income and expenses
for financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. The income tax effects of these temporary differences, representing deferred income tax assets and liabilities, result principally from the following:  
   
   In fiscal 2016, the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets decreased by $108,987, which is included in our
consolidated comprehensive income statement.    In 2002, we adopted a tax accounting method change that allowed us to deduct goodwill for income tax
purposes that had previously been classified as non-deductible. The accounting method change resulted in additional amortizable tax basis in goodwill. We believe the realization of the additional tax basis in goodwill is not more likely than not and
have not recorded a deferred tax asset. Although such a deferred tax asset has not been recorded through September 30, 2016, we have derived a cumulative cash tax reduction of $11,487 from the change in tax accounting method and the subsequent
amortization of the additional tax goodwill. In addition, the amortization of the additional tax goodwill has resulted in additional federal net operating loss carry forwards of $142,052 and state net operating loss carry forwards of $11,227. We
believe the realization of the additional net operating loss carry forwards is not more likely than not and have not recorded a deferred tax asset. We have zero tax basis in additional tax goodwill that will be amortized during the year ended
September 30, 2017.    As of September 30, 2016, we had available approximately $404,032 of federal net tax operating loss carry forward for federal income
tax purposes, including $142,052 resulting from the additional amortization of tax goodwill. This carry forward, which may provide future tax benefits, will begin to expire in 2025. On May 12, 2006, we had a change in ownership as defined in
Internal Revenue Code Section 382. As such, our utilization after the change date of our net operating loss in existence as of the change of control date was subject to Section 382 limitations for federal income taxes and some state income
taxes. The annual limitation under  
      70  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
Section 382 on the utilization of federal net operating losses was approximately $20,000 for the first five tax years subsequent to the change in ownership and $16,000 thereafter.
Approximately $299,904 of federal net operating losses will not be subject to this limitation. Also, after applying the Section 382 limitation to available state net operating loss carry forwards, we had available approximately $85,929 state
net tax operating loss carry forwards, including $11,227 resulting from the additional amortization of tax goodwill which begins to expire as of September 30, 2017. We have provided valuation allowances on all net operating losses where it is
determined it is more likely than not that they will expire without being utilized.    In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets at September
30, 2016, we considered whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods
in which these temporary differences become deductible. Over the ten-year period from 2004 through 2013, the Company reported net losses each year, returning to profitability in the year ended September 30, 2014. Because of this substantial history
of losses, a substantial amount of positive evidence regarding current and future earnings is required to outweigh the significant negative evidence associated with our historical losses. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we completed four
acquisitions, and as of the end of the fourth quarter 2016, all four 2016 acquisitions have been integrated, and are contributing to the Company s profitability. These newly acquired businesses, along with improving results at all of the
Company s existing operations, have led to an increase in both current year actual and forecast earnings. These 2016 developments, combined with the wind-down over the past few years of several underperforming branches closed in our 2011
restructuring, which generated significant historical losses, have led us to conclude that the more recent positive evidence now outweighs the historical negative evidence, and it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable
income to utilize certain of our net operating loss carryforwards. As such, we have released $108,987 of valuation allowance in 2016, of which approximately $16,000 related to 2016 activity. As of September 30, 2016, we have provided $326 valuation
allowances for federal deferred tax assets and $1,898 for certain state deferred tax assets. We believe that $7,157 and $388 of federal and state deferred tax assets, respectively, will be realized by offsetting reversing deferred tax liabilities.
In addition, we have $550 of net state deferred tax assets that we expect will be realized, and therefore valuation allowances were not provided for these assets. As a result, we have recorded a net deferred tax asset of $93,549 on our consolidated
balance sheets. We will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of our remaining deferred tax assets and need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis. Further, any future reduction in the federal statutory tax rate could result in a charge to
reduce the book value of the net deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.    As a result of the reorganization and related adjustment
to the book basis in goodwill, we have tax basis in excess of book basis in amortizable goodwill of approximately $24,190. The tax basis in amortizable goodwill in excess of book basis is not reflected as a deferred tax asset. To the extent the
amortization of the excess tax basis results in a cash tax benefit, the benefit will first go to reduce goodwill, then other long-term intangible assets, and then tax expense.  
 GAAP requires financial statement reporting of the expected future tax consequences of uncertain tax return reporting positions on the presumption that all
relevant tax authorities possess full knowledge of those tax reporting positions, as well as all of the pertinent facts and circumstances, but it prohibits discounting of any of the related tax effects for the time value of money. The evaluation of
a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is the recognition process to determine if it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority, based on the technical merits of
the position. The second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit/expense to recognize in the financial statements. The tax
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit/expense that is more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  
      71  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of unrecognized tax benefit is as follows:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, $55,867 and $55,963, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits would result in a decrease
in the provision for income tax expense, of which $50,581 for each of those years, respectively, relates to net operating loss from additional goodwill resulting from the tax accounting method change discussed above. We believe the realization of
the net operating losses resulting from the tax accounting method change is not more likely than not and have not recorded a deferred tax asset. However, if we are partially or fully successful in defending our tax accounting method change we may
realize a portion or all of the deferred tax asset related to this net operating loss, offset by an increase in the valuation allowance. We anticipate that approximately $3,745 in liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued
interest, may be reversed in the next twelve months. The reversal is predominately due to the expiration of the statutes of limitation for unrecognized tax benefits.  
 We had approximately $11 and $18 accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognize interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of the provision for income taxes.    We are currently not under federal audit by the Internal
Revenue Service. The tax years ended September 30, 2013 and forward are subject to federal audit as are tax years prior to September 30, 2013, to the extent of unutilized net operating losses generated in those years. The tax years ended
September 30, 2012 and forward are subject to state audits as are tax years prior to September 30, 2012, to the extent of unutilized net operating losses generated in those years. 
  10. OPERATING SEGMENTS     We manage and measure performance
of our business in four distinct operating segments: Communications, Residential, Commercial   Industrial, and Infrastructure Solutions. These segments are reflective of how the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM )
reviews operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company s CODM is its President.   The accounting
policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. We evaluate performance based on income from operations of the respective business units prior to the allocation of Corporate office
expenses. Transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. Our Corporate office provides general and administrative as well as support services to our four operating segments. Management allocates costs between segments for selling,
general and administrative expenses and depreciation expense.  
      72  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Segment information for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:  

73  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       

    11. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  Equity Incentive Plan     The Company s 2006 Equity
Incentive Plan, which was amended and restated effective February 9, 2016, following approval by shareholders at the Company s 2016 Annual Shareholders  Meeting, provides for grants of stock options as well as grants of stock, including
restricted stock. Approximately 3.0 million shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the amended and restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, of which approximately 1,056,574 shares are available for issuance at September 30, 2016.
    Stock Repurchase Program     Our Board of Directors has
authorized a stock repurchase program for the purchase from time to time of up to 1.5 million shares of the Company s common stock. Share purchases are made for cash in open market transactions at prevailing market prices or in
privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and amount of purchases under the program are determined based upon prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. All or
part of the repurchases may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which allows repurchases under pre-set terms at times when the Company might otherwise be prevented from purchasing under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed
blackout periods. The program does not require the Company to purchase any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended or reinstated at any time at the Company s discretion and without notice. The Company initiated the program
in February 2015 and during the year ended September 30, 2015, pursuant to the program, we repurchased 482,156 shares of common stock at an average price of $7.22 per share for a total aggregate purchase price of $3.5 million. We repurchased
46,929 shares of our common stock during the year ended September 30, 2016, in open market transactions at an average price of $11.07 per share.  
  Treasury Stock     During the year ended September 30, 2016,
we repurchased 6,084 shares of common stock from our employees to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of restricted stock issued under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, 46,929 shares of common stock were repurchased on the
open market pursuant to our share repurchase program, and 7,500 shares of common stock were forfeited by former employees and returned to treasury stock. The Company had 6,859 shares returned to treasury stock during the same period related to the
 
      74  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  
satisfaction of an obligation in connection with a reconciliation of our shares of common stock offered in exchange for shares of MISCOR Group, Ltd during our 2013 acquisition of that company.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, we issued 5,670 unrestricted shares of common stock from treasury stock to members of our Board of Directors as part of their overall compensation, and 42,500 unrestricted shares of common stock to satisfy
the exercise of outstanding options.    During the year ended September 30, 2015, we repurchased 17,677 shares of common stock from our employees to satisfy
minimum tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of restricted stock issued under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan. We issued 199,565 shares out of treasury stock under our share-based compensation programs for restricted and unrestricted
shares granted. We issued 8,309 shares of treasury stock to settle outstanding phantom stock units that vested upon the departure of the Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in January 2015.  
  Restricted Stock     During the years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $522, $290, and $201, respectively, in compensation expense related to our restricted stock awards. At September 30, 2016, the unamortized compensation cost related to outstanding unvested restricted stock was
$763. We expect to recognize $505 of this unamortized compensation expense during the year ended September 30, 2017 and the remaining $258 during the year ended September 30, 2018. A summary of restricted stock awards for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is provided in the table below:      
   The fair value of shares vesting during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $304, $353 and $571,
respectively. Fair value was calculated as the number of shares vested times the market price of shares on the date of vesting. The weighted average grant date fair value of unvested restricted stock at September 30, 2016 was $8.48.  
 All the restricted shares granted under the Amended Plan (vested or unvested) participate in dividends issued to common shareholders, if any.  
  Phantom Stock Units     Phantom stock units
( PSUs ) are primarily granted to the members of the Board of Directors as part of their overall compensation. These PSUs are paid via unrestricted stock grants to each director upon their departure from the Board of Directors. We record
compensation expense for the full value of the grant on the date of grant. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $136, $224, and $243, respectively, in compensation expense related to these grants.  
      75  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   Performance Based Phantom Stock Units   
 A performance based phantom stock unit (a  PPSUs ) is a contractual right to receive one share of the Company s common stock. The PPSUs will
generally become vested, if at all, upon the achievement of certain specified performance objectives and continued performance of services through mid-December 2018. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted an aggregate of
420,000 three-year performance-based PPSUs. The vesting of these awards is subject to the achievement of specified levels of cumulative net income before taxes or specified stock price levels. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we
recognized compensation expense of $808 related to these grants.    Stock Options   
 We utilized a binomial option pricing model to measure the fair value of stock options granted. Our determination of fair value of share-based payment awards
on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price
volatility over the term of the awards, the risk-free rate of return, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. The expected life of stock options is not considered under the binomial option pricing model that we utilize. We
did not issue stock options during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2014. The assumptions used in the fair value method calculation for the year ended September 30, 2015 are disclosed in the following table:  

(1) 
 We do not currently pay dividends on our common stock.    

(2) 
 Based upon the Company s historical volatility.    

(3) 
 Based upon the Company s historical data.      Stock-based compensation expense recognized during the period
is based on the value of the portion of the share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income is based on awards
ultimately expected to vest. We estimate our forfeitures at the time of grant and revise, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  
      76  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The following table summarizes activity under our stock option plans.  
   
   The following table summarizes options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016:  
   
   Our 2011 options vested over a three year period at a rate of one-third per year upon the annual anniversary date of the
grant. Our 2013 and 2015 options cliff vest at the end of a two year period ending at the anniversary date of the grant. All options expire ten years from the grant date if they are not exercised. Upon exercise of stock options, it is our policy to
first issue shares from treasury stock, then to issue new shares. Unexercised stock options expire July 2021, May 2023, January 2025 and February 2025.  
 During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $70, $(45) and $267, respectively, in compensation expense related to our stock option
awards. The net benefit in 2015 relates to a revision in forfeiture assumptions upon the departure of the Company s former Chairman and CEO in January 2015, at which time he forfeited unvested stock options. At September 30, 2016, the
unamortized compensation cost related to outstanding unvested stock options was $23. We expect to recognize all $23 of this unamortized compensation expense during the year ended September 30, 2017.  
 The intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and exercisable was $286 and $88 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The intrinsic value is
calculated as the difference between the fair value as of the end of the period and the exercise price of the stock options.  
      77  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   12. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS   
 The Company is a party to a sublease agreement with Tontine Associates, L.L.C., an affiliate of Tontine, for corporate office space in Greenwich, Connecticut.
The lease was renewed for a three-year term in April 2016 with an increase in the monthly rent to $8, reflecting the increase paid by Tontine Associates, L.L.C. to its landlord and the Company s increased use of the corporate office space. The
lease has terms at market rates and payments by the Company are at a rate consistent with that paid by Tontine Associates, L.L.C. to its landlord.    13.
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS      401(k) Plan     In November
1998, we established the IES Holdings, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. All full-time IES employees are eligible to participate on the first day of the month subsequent to completing sixty days of service and attaining age twenty-one.
Participants become vested in our matching contributions following three years of service. We recognized $616, $288, and $276 in matching expenses in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 Infrastructure Solutions has two 401(k) plans. We recognized $121, $99, and $74 in matching expenses in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
  Executive Savings Plan     Under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan adopted on July 1, 2004 (the  Executive Savings Plan ), certain employees are permitted to defer a portion (up to 75%) of their base salary and/or bonus for a plan year. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, credit one or more participants with an employer deferral (contribution) in such amount as the Committee may choose ( Employer Contribution ). The Employer Contribution, if any,
may be a fixed dollar amount, a fixed percentage of the participant s compensation, base salary, or bonus, or a  matching  amount with respect to all or part of the participant s elective deferrals for such plan year, and/or any
combination of the foregoing as the Committee may choose. No compensation earned during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 or 2014 was deferred under this plan.  
  Post Retirement Benefit Plans     Certain individuals at one
of the Company s locations are entitled to receive fixed annual payments that reach a maximum amount, as specified in the related agreements, for a ten year period following retirement or, in some cases, the attainment of 62 years of age.
We recognize the unfunded status of the plan as a non-current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Benefits vest 50% after ten years of service, which increases by 10% per annum until benefits are fully vested after 15 years of service.
We had an unfunded benefit liability of $875 and $871 recorded as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognized compensation expense related to these agreements of $65, $11, and $15 during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively.     Multiemployer Pension Plan   
 Infrastructure Solutions participates in a multiemployer direct benefit pension plan for employees covered under our collective bargaining agreement. We do not
administer the plan. We do not significantly participate in this plan. As of December 31, 2015, this plan was funded at 83.91%.  
      78  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
  Fair Value Measurement Accounting     Fair value is
considered the price to sell an asset, or transfer a liability, between market participants on the measurement date. Fair value measurements assume that the asset or liability is (1) exchanged in an orderly manner, (2) the exchange is in
the principal market for that asset or liability, and (3) the market participants are independent, knowledgeable, able and willing to transact an exchange. Fair value accounting and reporting establishes a framework for measuring fair value by
creating a hierarchy for observable independent market inputs and unobservable market assumptions and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Considerable judgment is required to interpret the market data used to develop fair value
estimates. As such, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methods could have a material effect on the
estimated fair value.    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, are summarized in the
following table by the type of inputs applicable to the fair value measurements:      
   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2015, are summarized in the
following table by the type of inputs applicable to the fair value measurements:      
   In the first quarter of 2016, we entered into a contingent consideration arrangement related to a business combination. Please
see Note 18,   Business Combinations and Divestitures   for further discussion. At September 30, 2016, we estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration liability at $1,100. The table below presents a
reconciliation of the fair value of this obligation, which used significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).      
 
      79  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Below is a description of the inputs used to value the assets summarized in the preceding tables:  
  Level 1    Inputs represent unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets exchanged in active markets.  
  Level 2    Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets
exchanged in active or inactive markets; quoted prices for identical assets exchanged in inactive markets; and other inputs that are considered in fair value determinations of the assets.  
  Level 3    Inputs include unobservable inputs used in the measurement of assets. Management is required to use its own assumptions
regarding unobservable inputs because there is little, if any, market activity in the assets or related observable inputs that can be corroborated at the measurement date.  
  15. INVENTORY     Inventories consist of the following
components:      
    16. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS   
 The following is a progression of goodwill by segment for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:  
   
    Goodwill     Based upon the
results of our annual impairment analysis, the fair value of our Infrastructure Solutions and Commercial   Industrial segments exceeded the book value at September 30, 2016, and warranted no impairment. We evaluated goodwill attributable to our
Residential segment qualitatively, and have concluded no impairment is indicated.  
      80  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Intangible assets consist of the following:  

For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, amortization expense of intangible assets was $2,936, $381 and $635,
respectively. Our future amortization expense for years ended September 30, is as follows:      
    17. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
  Legal Matters     From time to time we are a party to various
claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We maintain various insurance coverages to minimize financial risk associated with these proceedings. None of these proceedings, separately or in the
aggregate, are expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. With respect to all such proceedings, we record reserves when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
of loss can be reasonably estimated. We expense routine legal costs related to these proceedings as they are incurred.  
      81  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The following is a discussion of our significant legal matters:  
  Capstone Construction Claims     From 2003 to 2005, two of
our former subsidiaries performed HVAC and electrical work under contract with Capstone Building Corporation ( Capstone ) on a university student housing project in Texas. In 2005, our subsidiaries filed for arbitration against Capstone,
seeking payment for work performed, change orders and other impacts. The parties settled those claims, and the release included a waiver of warranties associated with any of the HVAC work. Several years later the subsidiaries discontinued
operations, and the Company sold their assets.    On October 24, 2013, Capstone filed a petition in the 12th Judicial District Court of Walker County, Texas
against these subsidiaries, among other subcontractors, seeking contribution, defense, indemnity and damages for breach of contract in connection with alleged construction defect claims brought against Capstone by the owner of the student housing
project. The owner claims $10,406 in damages, plus attorneys  fees and costs against Capstone, which Capstone is seeking to recover from the subcontractors. The claims against the Company are based on alleged defects in the mechanical design,
construction and installation of the HVAC and electrical systems performed by our former subsidiaries.    Based on the settlement reached in the 2005
arbitration, we moved for, and the District Court granted us, summary judgment, dismissing all of Capstone s claims in the 2013 lawsuit. Capstone appealed, and on April 28, 2016, the 10th Court of Appeals, Waco, Texas Division, reversed
the ruling with respect to the indemnity claims and remanded the case back to the District Court. On September 21, 2016, we filed a petition for review to the Texas Supreme Court. On October 28, 2016, the Supreme Court ordered Capstone to
file a response to our petition on or before November 28, 2016. Capstone filed for an extension of that deadline; their response is now due December 28, 2016. Should the Texas Supreme Court agree that the claims should be remanded to the
District Court, the Company will defend the claims and expects ultimately to prevail on the merits, but there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail or that it will not incur costs and liability for indemnity in connection with resolution
of the claims. To date, the Company has not established a reserve with respect to this matter, as we believe the likelihood of our responsibility for damages is not probable and a potential range of exposure is not reasonably estimable.  
  Risk-Management     We retain the risk for workers 
compensation, employer s liability, automobile liability, construction defects, general liability and employee group health claims, as well as pollution coverage, resulting from uninsured deductibles per accident or occurrence which are
generally subject to annual aggregate limits. Our general liability program provides coverage for bodily injury and property damage. In many cases, we insure third parties, including general contractors, as additional insureds under our insurance
policies. Losses up to the deductible amounts, or losses that are not covered under our policies, are accrued based upon our known claims incurred and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. As a result, many of our claims are effectively
self-insured. Many claims against our insurance are in the form of litigation. At September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we had $5,464 and $4,518, respectively, accrued for insurance liabilities. We are also subject to construction defect
liabilities, primarily within our Residential segment. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we had $235 and $464, respectively, reserved for these claims. Because the reserves are based on judgment and estimates, and involve variables
that are inherently uncertain, such as the outcome of litigation and an assessment of insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that the ultimate liability will not be higher or lower than such estimates or that the timing of payments will not
create liquidity issues for the Company. 
      82  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  Some of the underwriters of our casualty insurance program require us to post letters of credit as
collateral. This is common in the insurance industry. To date, we have not had a situation where an underwriter has had reasonable cause to effect payment under a letter of credit. At September 30, 2016, $6,126 of our outstanding letters of
credit was utilized to collateralize our insurance program.     Surety   
 As of September 30, 2016, the estimated cost to complete our bonded projects was approximately $54,287. We evaluate our bonding requirements on a regular
basis, including the terms offered by our sureties. We believe the bonding capacity presently provided by our current sureties is adequate for our current operations and will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future. Posting letters
of credit in favor of our sureties reduces the borrowing availability under our Credit Facility.    Other Commitments and Contingencies   
 Some of our customers and vendors require us to post letters of credit as a means of guaranteeing performance under our contracts and ensuring payment by us to
subcontractors and vendors. If our customer has reasonable cause to effect payment under a letter of credit, we would be required to reimburse our creditor for the letter of credit. At September 30, 2016, $818 of our outstanding letters of credit
were to collateralize our vendors.    From time to time, we may enter into firm purchase commitments for materials such as copper or aluminum wire which we
expect to use in the ordinary course of business. These commitments are typically for terms of less than one year and require us to buy minimum quantities of materials at specific intervals at a fixed price over the term. As of September 30, 2016,
we had no such commitments.     18. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND DIVESTITURES   
  Business Combinations     The Company completed four
acquisitions in the year ended September 30, 2016:      

Technibus, Inc. ( Technibus )   We acquired Technibus, a Canton, Ohio based provider of custom engineered, metal enclosed bus duct solutions, on June 15, 2016. Technibus is included in our
Infrastructure Solutions segment, and we expect it will enhance Infrastructure Solutions  current offerings, which are primarily focused on industrial repairs and services, to include custom engineered solutions for our customers. We believe
Technibus  products and engineering expertise, combined with Infrastructure Solutions  service capabilities, a shared customer base, and the close geographic proximity of Technibus to our Infrastructure Solutions segment s Massillon,
Ohio headquarters, will enhance our solutions offering.        

STR Mechanical, LLC ( STR )   We acquired 80% of the membership interests in STR, a Charlotte, North Carolina-based provider of commercial and industrial mechanical services, including
maintenance, repair, and replacement services, and temperature control system installations, on April 27, 2016. STR is included in our Commercial   Industrial segment. We expect STR s focus on providing comprehensive
mechanical maintenance services to its customers, often through preventative maintenance agreements, will contribute to the diversification of revenue sources and enhance Commercial   Industrial s capabilities.    

Shanahan Mechanical and Electrical, Inc. ( Shanahan )   We acquired Shanahan, a
Nebraska-based provider of mechanical and electrical contracting services, on November 20, 2015. Shanahan is     
      83  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       

included in our Commercial   Industrial segment. We believe this acquisition adds mechanical contracting expertise to Commercial   Industrial, and also accelerates our entry into the
Lincoln, Nebraska market, an area that we had targeted for expansion. Further, we believe the acquisition gives us the opportunity to expand our geographic coverage and capabilities without the costs and risks of a start-up operation.

Calumet Armature   Electric, LLC ( Calumet )   We acquired Calumet, an Illinois-based provider of design, manufacturing, assembly, and repair services of electric motors for the industrial
and mass transit markets, on October 30, 2015. Calumet is included in our Infrastructure Solutions segment, and we believe it allows us to enhance our industrial footprint in the greater Chicago, Illinois area and, given Calumet s
expertise in manufacturing new armatures, that it will support our targeted growth into the mass transit market.      The total aggregate
consideration of $59,592 for these four acquisitions includes aggregate cash consideration of $59,144 and contingent consideration in connection with the Calumet acquisition with an acquisition date fair value estimated at $448. Of the cash
consideration, $58,448 was paid on the various acquisition dates, and the remaining $696 was paid within approximately 90 days subsequent to the various acquisition dates, in accordance with the working capital settlement provisions set forth in
various acquisition agreements. The Calumet contingent consideration arrangement provides that a maximum of $2,250 may be earned over the three year period ending October 30, 2018. As of September 30, 2016 the fair value of the contingent
consideration arrangement was $1,100. Based on an increase in the fair value of the liability driven by the improved actual and expected financial performance of Calumet, we have recorded additional contingent consideration expense as a
component of income from continuing operations.    The Company accounted for the transactions under the acquisition method of accounting, which requires
recording assets and liabilities at fair value (Level 3). The valuations derived from estimated fair value assessments and assumptions used by management are preliminary pending finalization of certain tangible and intangible asset valuations
and assessment of deferred taxes. While management believes that its preliminary estimates and assumptions underlying the valuations are reasonable, different estimates and assumptions could result in different values being assigned to individual
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This may result in adjustments to the preliminary amounts recorded. The preliminary valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the various acquisition dates is as follows:  
   
   With regard to the aggregate $5,331 deferred tax liability recorded in connection with the acquisitions, we reduced a portion
of our valuation allowance equal to this deferred tax liability, resulting in a corresponding income tax benefit in the year ended September 30, 2016.  
 With regard to goodwill, the balance is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and other intangibles that do not qualify for separate
recognition. In connection with the Technibus transaction, we acquired tax basis of $15,305 with respect to goodwill.  
      84  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  In conjunction with these acquisitions, we acquired receivables totaling $9,000, of which we estimate $518 to
be uncollectible at the date of acquisition.    In the aggregate, these four acquisitions contributed $34,367 in additional revenue and $3,527 in additional
operating income during the year ended September 30, 2016.     Noncontrolling Interest   
 Our agreement governing the operations of STR contains a provision where, at any time after five years from the acquisition date, we may purchase all or a
portion of the 20% noncontrolling interest. Pursuant to this provision, we may purchase the noncontrolling interest, or, with notice, the noncontrolling interest holders may cause us to purchase their interests, for a contractually determined price
based on the trailing 2 year earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of STR, calculated at the time of the purchase.   As of the
acquisition date, the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in STR was equal to 20% of the overall fair value of STR. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was in excess of the amount we would pay to
acquire the noncontrolling interest pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement, if the option to purchase that interest had been available to us as of September 30, 2016.  
  Unaudited Pro Forma Information     The following unaudited
supplemental pro forma results of operations include the results of the four acquisitions completed during year ended September 30, 2016, as described above, as if each had been acquired as of October 1, 2014, and have been provided for
illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined companies for the periods presented or that may be achieved by the combined companies in the future. Future results
may vary significantly from the results reflected in the following pro forma financial information because of future events and transactions, finalization of the valuations of deferred taxes, fixed assets, and certain intangible assets, as well as
other factors, many of which are beyond IES s control. Cost savings and other synergy benefits resulting from the business combination have not been included in pro forma results.  
 The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects certain adjustments related to the acquisition, such as the recording of depreciation expense in
connection with fair value adjustments to property and equipment, amortization expense in connection with recording acquired identifiable intangible assets at fair value, and interest expense calculated on the $20,000 drawn on the Company s
available line of credit at a rate of 2.5%. The unaudited pro forma financial information also includes the effect of certain non-recurring items as of October 1, 2014 such as the $5,331 of tax benefits and acquisition related costs of $681
incurred during the year ended September 30, 2016, which are shown as if they had been incurred on October 1, 2014.    The supplemental pro forma results of
operations for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as if the acquisitions had been completed on October 1, 2014, are as follows:      
 
      85  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
   Southern Rewinding   
 On May 21, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary Magnetech Industrial Services, Inc. ( Magnetech ) acquired all of the common stock and certain
related real estate of Southern Industrial Sales and Services, Inc. ( Southern Rewinding ), a Columbus, Georgia-based motor repair and related field services company, for total consideration of $3,937. Of that amount, $3,137 was paid
at closing, with additional consideration of $400 paid during the year ended September 30, 2016, and a final payment of $400 expected to be made in fiscal 2017. After closing, we provided the newly-acquired entity with $1,065 of working
capital. Southern Rewinding is included in our Infrastructure Solutions segment.    The Company accounted for the transaction under the acquisition
method of accounting, which requires recording assets and liabilities at fair value (Level 3). The valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of May 21, 2015 is as follows:  
   
   Pro forma revenues and results of operations for the acquisition have not been presented because the effects were not material
to the consolidated financial statements.     Divestitures   
 In February 2016, our Board of Directors approved a plan for the sale of substantially all of the operating assets of HK Engine Components, LLC
( HK ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company operating in the Infrastructure Solutions segment. In connection with the sale, we allocated $577 of goodwill to the disposal group. In conjunction with the write down of these
assets to their net realizable value of $2,200, we then recognized a loss of $821, recorded within  (Gain) loss on sale of assets  within our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30,
2016. The sale of these assets to a third party was completed on April 15, 2016.     19. QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
 Quarterly financial information for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:  

86  

Table of Contents  

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (All Amounts in Thousands Except Share Amounts)       
  The sum of the individual quarterly earnings per share amounts may not agree with year-to-date earnings per
share as each period s computation is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.      
   The sum of the individual quarterly earnings per share amounts may not agree with year-to-date earnings per share as each
period s computation is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.     20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 On November 8, 2016, the Company implemented the new NOL Rights Plan, following the expiration of the Company s prior tax benefit protection plan, which
was implemented in January 2013. Thereafter, the Board of Directors declared and paid a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a  Right ) for each outstanding share of common stock. The dividend was payable to the
stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2016. Each Right represents a right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company at a price of $79.30.  
 As with the prior plan, the Board adopted the NOL Rights Plan in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to protect against a possible limitation
on the Company s ability to use its NOLs to reduce potential future federal income tax obligations. The Company historically experienced substantial operating losses, and under the Internal Revenue Code and rules promulgated by the Internal
Revenue Service, the Company may  carry forward  these losses in certain circumstances to effect any current and future earnings and thus reduce the Company s federal income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and
restrictions. To the extent that the NOLs do not otherwise become limited, the Company believes that it will be able to carry forward a significant amount of NOLs, and therefore these NOLs are a substantial asset to the Company. However, if the
Company experiences an  ownership change , as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, its ability to use the NOLs will be substantially limited, and the timing of the usage of the NOLs could be substantially delayed, which
could therefore significantly impair the value of that asset.  
      87  

Table of Contents  

Item 9.  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure        
 None.      

Item 9A.      
         Controls and Procedures           Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting     There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.     Disclosure Controls
and Procedures     In accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of management, including our President and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.     Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 Management, including the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s Management and Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013
framework). Based on this assessment, our management determined that as of September 30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 In conducting management s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting, we have excluded Calumet
Armature   Electric, LLC, Shanahan Mechanical and Electrical, Inc., STR Mechanical, LLC, and Technibus, Inc. because they were acquired during the year ended September 30, 2016. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets, these operations
accounted for less than 7% of our total assets and less than 5% of our consolidated revenues for the year then ended.    Ernst   Young LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm that has audited the Company s financial statements as of and for the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, has issued a report on their audit of management s internal control over
financial reporting, which is included herein.      

Item 9B.      
         Other Information          None.  
      88  

Table of Contents  

     PART III   

Item 10.  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          The information required to
be included Item 10 of Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management;   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance;   Report of the Audit Committee  and  Election of Directors  in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the  Proxy Statement ) to be filed
with the SEC no later than December 31, 2016.      

Item 11.  
     Executive Compensation          The information required to be included in Item 11 of
Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the section entitled  Executive Compensation  in the Proxy Statement.      

Item 12.  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters        
 Certain information required to be included in Item 12 of Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the section entitled
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  in the Proxy Statement.     SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS      Equity Compensation Plan Information   
 The following table provides information as of September 30, 2016 with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options,
warrants and rights granted to employees, consultants or members of the Board of Directors under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. For additional information about our equity compensation plans, see Note 11,
 Stockholders  Equity  in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   of this Form 10-K.  

Plan Category  
    
 (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

(b) Weighted-Average  Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

(c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding
Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders  

1,056,574 
 (1)   
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders  

499,500 
 (2)  
   
 $ 
 6.43 

(1) 
 Represents shares available for issuance under the Company s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, which was amended and restated effective February 9, 2016 (the  Amended Plan ), following approval by shareholders
at the Company s annual stockholders  meeting. This plan provides for the granting or awarding of stock options, stock, restricted stock and other forms of equity to employees (including officers), consultants and directors of the Company.

(2) 
 Represents shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options granted under the Company s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of October 2007), which was in place prior to the Amended Plan. This
includes 79,500 options with a weighted-average term of 7.36 years. This also includes 420,000 shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding PPSUs, based on reported financial results, where applicable, and otherwise assuming the target award is
met.    
      89  

Table of Contents  

Item 13.  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          The
information required to be included in Item 13 of Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the section entitled  Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions  in the Proxy Statement.  

Item 14.  
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services          The information required to be included in
Item 14 of Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the section entitled  Audit Fees  in the Proxy Statement.  
      90  

Table of Contents  

     PART IV   

Item 15.  
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules            

(a) 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits      See
Index to Financial Statements under Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   of this From 10-K.      

(b) 
 Exhibits        

Exhibit No.   

Description    

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger effective as of March 13, 2013, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), IES Subsidiary Holdings, Inc. and MISCOR Group, Ltd. (Attached as part of Annex A to the
joint proxy statement/prospectus that is part of this Registration Statement) (the schedules and annexes have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K)  

2.2 

First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 10, 2013, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), IES Subsidiary Holdings, Inc. and MISCOR Group, Ltd. (Attached as part of
Annex A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus that is part of this Registration Statement)  

2.3 

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2016, by and among IES Infrastructure Solutions, LLC, IES Holdings, Inc., Technibus, Inc. and Technibus, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed June 15, 2016)  

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of IES Holdings, Inc., as amended by the Certificate of Amendment thereto, effective May 24, 2016 (composite). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2016)  

3.2 

Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2013)  

3.3 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of IES Holdings, Inc., effective May 24, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 24, 2016)  

4.1(1) 

Specimen common stock certificate.  

4.2 

Tax Benefit Protection Plan Agreement by and between IES Holdings, Inc. and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent, dated as of November 8, 2016, including the form of Rights Certificate and Summary of
Stockholder Rights Plan attached thereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2016)  

4.3 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), Tontine Capital Partners, L.P. and certain of its affiliates and Southpoint Master Fund, L.P.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2006)  

4.4 

First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 11, 2007, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), Tontine Capital Partners, L.P. and certain of its affiliates. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 14, 2012)   
      91  

Table of Contents  

Exhibit No.   

Description    

10.1 

Restated Underwriting, Continuing Indemnity and Security Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.) and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates in favor of Federal Insurance
Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 17, 2006)  

10.2 

First Amendment, dated as of October 30, 2006, to the Restated Underwriting, Continuing Indemnity, and Security Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), certain of its
subsidiaries and Federal Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 6, 2006)  

10.3 

Third Amendment, dated May 1, 2007, to the Restated Underwriting, Continuing Indemnity and Security Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), certain of its subsidiaries and
Federal Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed October 12, 2007)  

10.4 

Fourth Amendment to the Restated Underwriting, Continuing Indemnity and Security Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), certain of its subsidiaries and Federal Insurance
Company and certain of its affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 12, 2007)  

10.5 

Rider to Add Principal/Indemnitor and Fifth Amendment, dated September 29, 2008, to Restated Underwriting, Continuing Indemnity, and Security Agreement, dated May 12, 2006, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES
Holdings, Inc.), certain of its subsidiaries and Federal Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2008)  

10.6 

Agreement of Indemnity, dated May 7, 2010, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.) and certain of its present and future subsidiaries and affiliates and Chartis Property Casualty Company, Chartis
Insurance Company of Canada, American Home Assurance Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Lexington Insurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance
Company and The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania and any and all of their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13,
2010)  

10.7 

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement of Indemnity, dated August 16, 2012, between Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.) and certain of its present and future subsidiaries and affiliates and Chartis Property
Casualty Company, Chartis Insurance Company of Canada, American Home Assurance Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Lexington Insurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
New Hampshire Insurance Company and The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania, and any and all of their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed August 17, 2012)  

10.8 

Agreement of Indemnity, dated May 7, 2013, by Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.) and certain of its present and future subsidiaries and affiliates and XL Specialty Insurance Company, XL Reinsurance
America, Inc. and Greenwich Insurance Company and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 13,
2013)   
      92  

Table of Contents  

Exhibit No.   

Description    

10.9 

Agreement of Indemnity, September 9, 2016, by IES Holdings, Inc. and certain of its present and future subsidiaries and affiliates and Everest Reinsurance Company and Everest National Insurance Company, and their affiliated,
associated and subsidiary companies, successors and assigns. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2016)  

10.10 

Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 24, 2014, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), each of the other Borrowers and Guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 24, 2014)  

10.11(1) 

First Amendment, dated November 6, 2014, to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), each of the other
Borrowers and Guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.  

10.12 

Second Amendment, dated May 3, 2016, to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and among Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), each of the other Borrowers
and Guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2016)  

10.13(1) 

Third Amendment, dated September 9, 2016, to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and among IES Holdings, Inc., each of the other Borrowers and Guarantors named therein and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association.  

10.14 

Sublease Agreement between Tontine Associates, L.L.C. and IES Shared Services, Inc., dated March 29, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15,
2012)  

10.15 

First Amendment between Tontine Associates, L.L.C., IES Shared Services, Inc. and IES Management ROO, LP, dated as of March 31, 2016, to Sublease Agreement between Tontine Associates, L.L.C., and IES Shared Services, Inc., dated
March 29, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2016)  

10.16 

Subcontract, dated June 17, 2009, by and between IES Commercial, Inc. and Manhattan Torcon A Joint Venture. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24,
2009)  

10.17 

Letter Agreement, dated November 4, 2009, by and between Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.), IES Commercial, Inc. and Manhattan Torcon A Joint Venture. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2009)  

*10.18 

Term Life Insurance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 17, 2007)  

*10.19 

Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (n/k/a IES Holdings, Inc.) 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
October 17, 2007)  

*10.20 

Form of Performance-Based Phantom Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed February 8, 2016)   
      93  

Table of Contents  

94  

Table of Contents  

* 
 Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

(1) 
 Filed herewith.    
      95  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on December 9, 2016.       

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   

Robert W. Lewey  

President and Director   
 
   POWER OF ATTORNEY   
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned officers and directors of IES HOLDINGS, INC. hereby constitutes and appoints Robert W. Lewey and
Gail D. Makode, and each of them individually, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution, for him and on his behalf and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign, execute and file any
or all amendments to this report, with any and all exhibits thereto, and all other documents required to be filed therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any regulatory authority, granting unto each such attorney-in-fact and agent,
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises in order to effectuate the same, as fully to all intents and purposes as he himself might or could do, if personally
present, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or either of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
  SIGNATURES     Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature  
    
  Title  
   
  Date   

/s/ Robert W. Lewey 
 Robert W. Lewey  
    
   President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin 
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
    
   Senior Vice President, Chief Financial 
 Officer and Treasurer   (Principal
Financial Officer)   (Principal Accounting Officer)  
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ Joseph L. Dowling III 
 Joseph L. Dowling III  
    
 Director 
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ David B. Gendell 
 David B. Gendell  
    
 Director and Vice Chairman of the Board 
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ Jeffrey L. Gendell 
 Jeffrey L. Gendell  
    
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ Joe D. Koshkin 
 Joe D. Koshkin  
    
 Director 
   
 December 9, 2016  

/s/ Donald L. Luke 
 Donald L. Luke  
    
 Director 
   
 December 9, 2016  
 
      96  

<EX-4.1>
 2
 d310826dex41.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

Exhibit 4.1    

IES COMMON
STOCKIES HOLDINGS, INC. INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE CUSIP 44951W 10 6 SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS THIS CERTIFIES THAT is the owner of FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, $0.01 PAR VALUE PER SHARE,
OF IES HOLDINGS, INC. transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this certificate properly endorsed. This certificate is not valid until countersigned by the
Transfer Agent and registered by the Registrar. Witness the facsimile seal of the Corporation and the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers. DATED: SEAL SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL COUNSEL COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED: AMERICAN
STOCK TRANSFER   TRUST COMPANY, LLC (Brooklyn, NY) TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR PRESIDENT AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE     

IES
HOLDINGS, INC. The Corporation will furnish to any stockholder, upon request and without charge, a statement of the powers, designations, and relative rights, preferences and limitations of each class of stock or series thereof of the Corporation,
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Such request may be made to the Corporation or the Transfer Agent. The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate,
shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations: TEN COM   as tenants in common TEN ENT   as tenants by the entireties UNIF GIFT MIN ACT  Custodian (Cust)(Minor) JT TEN   as
joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act (State) UNIF TRF MIN ACT  Custodian (until age ) (Cust) under Uniform Transfers (Minor) to Minors Act (State) Additional abbreviations may
also be used though not in the above list. For Value received, hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF
ASSIGNEE) Shares of the common stock represented by the within Certificate, and do(es) hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney to transfer the said shares on the books of the within named Corporation with full power of substitution in the
premises. Dated, X (SIGNATURE) X (SIGNATURE) NOTICE: THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME(S) AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER.
SIGNATURE(S) GUARANTEED: By THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM),
PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15. This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain rights, subject to adjustment, as set forth in a Tax Benefit Protection Plan Agreement between IES Holdings, Inc. and American Stock
Transfer   Trust Company, LLC, dated as of November 8, 2016 as the same may be amended from time to time (the  Rights Agreement ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file
at the principal executive offices of IES Holdings, Inc. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights (as defined in the Rights Agreement) will be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced
by this certificate. IES Holdings, Inc. will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights
owned by or transferred to any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and certain transferees thereof will become null and void and will no longer be transferable.   

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 d310826dex1011.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10.11 

Exhibit 10.11   
 November 6, 2014    Integrated Electrical Services, Inc.
   5433 Westheimer, Suite 500    Houston, TX 77056  
 Attention: Robert W. Lewey      

Re:   
   Amendment and Limited Consent        Gentlemen:  
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and among
Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (  Administrative Borrower  ), certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, as Borrowers and Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (  Lender  )
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Credit Agreement.  
 Borrowers have requested that the Credit Agreement be amended to permit certain investments, on terms and conditions set forth in this letter
agreement (this   Letter Agreement  ).    Further, Borrowers have informed Lender that IES Subsidiary Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (  Holdings  ), desires to contribute, convey and assign all of the issued and outstanding membership interest in HK Engine Components, LLC (  HKEC  ), an Indiana limited liability company (the
  HKEC Shares  ), to Magnetech Industrial Services, Inc., an Indiana corporation ( Magnetech ), pursuant to that certain Contribution, Conveyance and Assignment Agreement (the   Contribution Agreement  ) dated
effective as of October 1, 2014. Borrowers have requested that Lender consent to Holdings and Magnetech entering into the Contribution Agreement and consummating the transactions contemplated therein (the   Proposed
Transaction  ).    Borrowers acknowledge and agree that absent such consent, entering into the Contribution Agreement and the
consummation of the Proposed Transaction contemplated therein would violate the Credit Agreement and would result in certain Defaults and Events of Default thereunder.  
 The Borrowers and Lender desire to amend the Credit Agreement as set forth in this Letter Agreement. Therefore, in consideration of the
foregoing, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:  
  I.  AMENDMENT    
 Effective as of the date hereof, the following definition set forth in  Schedule 1.1  of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:      Permitted Investments   means:  
 (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents;  
 (b) Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business;  
      Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

(c) advances made in connection with purchases of Goods or services in the
ordinary course of business;    (d) Investments owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and
set forth on  Schedule P-1 ;    (e) Permitted Intercompany Advances;  
 (f) Investments resulting from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements, or (ii) agreements relative to Indebtedness that
is permitted under clause (g) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; and    (g) Investments in an original amount
not to exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate for all Loan Parties in marketable securities, pursuant to the investment policy attached hereto as  Exhibit G  ( provided , that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Investment by any Loan Party made
pursuant to this  clause (g)  shall be included in the calculation of  Liquidity ).    Effective upon the execution of
this Letter Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall be amended such that the Investment Policy attached hereto as  Annex A  shall be added as  Exhibit G  to the Credit Agreement immediately following  Exhibit F  thereto.  
 Effective upon the execution of this Letter Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall be amended such that  Schedules 5.1(b ) and
 5.1(c ) to the Information Certificate attached to the Credit Agreement as  Exhibit  E thereto shall be replaced with the corresponding schedules attached hereto as  Annex B .  
  II.  CONSENTS    
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, Lender hereby (a) consents to Holdings and Magnetech entering into the Contribution
Agreement and consummating of the Proposed Transaction and (b) agrees that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be deemed to have occurred under the Credit Agreement or any of the Loan Documents solely as a result of Holdings and
Magnetech entering into the Contribution Agreement and consummating of the Proposed Transaction and that Lender shall not exercise any of its rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents solely as a result of Holdings and
Magnetech entering into the Contribution Agreement and consummating of the Proposed Transaction.     III.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
    The foregoing consent and agreements by Lender are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions in form and substance
acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion:    (i) Lender shall have received this letter agreement duly and validly
executed by Borrowers, Guarantors and Lender;    (ii) Lender shall have received a Pledged Interests Addendum duly executed
by Magnetech;    (iii) Lender shall have received original certificates representing the HKEC Shares, together with
corresponding transfer powers in substance and form satisfactory to Lender;  
      Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

(iv) Lender shall have received an executed copy of the Contribution Agreement;
   (v) Lender shall have received evidence of all third party consents and approvals required in connection with the
consummation of the Proposed Transaction and authorizing resolutions of Holdings and Magnetech or their equity holders in connection with the Proposed Transaction;  
 (vi) with respect to the Proposed Transaction, after giving effect to the consents set forth herein, immediately prior to and
after giving effect to such Proposed Transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and  
 (vii) after giving effect to the consents set forth herein, the representations and warranties contained in the Credit
Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except to the extent a representation or warranty relates solely to a specific earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall have been true and complete on and as of such earlier date).     IV.  MISCELLANEOUS    
 Except as expressly set forth in this Letter Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be construed as a waiver by Lender of any other present
or future violation, Default or Event of Default, covenant or provision of the Credit Agreement, any Loan Document, or of any other contract or instrument between Borrowers and Lender, and the failure of Lender at any time or times hereafter to
require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision thereof shall not waive, affect or diminish any right Lender has to thereafter demand strict compliance therewith. Lender hereby reserves all rights granted under the Credit Agreement, each
Loan Document, and any other contract or instrument among Borrowers and Lender. Irrespective of any previous failures or delays of Lender in the monitoring or in the requiring of compliance by Borrower with the duties, obligations, and agreements of
Borrowers in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, hereafter Borrowers are expected to comply strictly with their duties, obligations and agreements under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents. Similarly, except as set forth above,
nothing contained in this Letter Agreement shall directly or indirectly in any way whatsoever either: (i) impair, prejudice or otherwise adversely affect Lender s rights at any time to exercise any right, privilege or remedy in connection
with the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document, (ii) amend or alter any provision of the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document or any other contract or instrument, or (iii) constitute any course of dealing or other basis for altering any
obligation of Borrowers under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or any right, privilege or remedy of Lender under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or any other contract or instrument among Borrowers and Lender. Nothing in this
Letter Agreement shall be construed to be a consent by Lender to any transactions other than the Proposed Transaction.    This Letter
Agreement shall be a  Loan Document  and failure to comply with the terms and conditions hereof shall be an Event of Default. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or other form of electronic transmission shall be deemed to be an original
signature hereto.    This Letter Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and Borrowers and their respective
successors and assigns. This Letter Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  T HIS 
 LETTER   AGREEMENT ,  AND   THE   RIGHTS   AND   OBLIGATIONS   OF   THE   PARTIES   HEREUNDER ,
 SHALL   BE   GOVERNED   BY   AND   CONSTRUED   IN   ACCORDANCE   WITH   THE   LAWS   OF 
 THE  S TATE   OF  T EXAS .   
      Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

THIS LETTER AGREEMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS EMBODY THE FINAL, ENTIRE
AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF
PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.  
 Please execute this Letter Agreement in the space provided below to acknowledge each Borrower s agreement to the foregoing. By execution
of this Letter Agreement in the space provided below, each Borrower (a) ratifies and confirms that the Credit Agreement and all Loan Documents, and all renewals, extensions, and restatements of, and amendments and supplements to, any of the
foregoing, are and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and (b) agrees to reimburse and save Lender harmless from and against liabilities for the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses arising in
connection with the preparation, execution, and delivery of this Letter Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel to Lender which may be payable in respect of this Letter Agreement.  
      [       Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank       ]       
      Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

Sincerely,  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION   

By: 
   
   /s/ Howard I. Handman   
 
 Name: 
   
 Howard I. Handman  
 
 Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  

Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED AS OF   THE
DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE   

BORROWERS:   

INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President  

IES COMMERCIAL   INDUSTRIAL, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

IES COMMERCIAL, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES PURCHASING   MATERIALS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

IES RESIDENTIAL, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL FINANCE, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

IES MANAGEMENT LP   

By: INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL FINANCE,  
 
 INC., its General Partner  

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

IES MANAGEMENT ROO, LP   

By: IES OPERATIONS GROUP, INC., its  
 
 General Partner  

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

IES RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

HK ENGINE COMPONENTS, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

MAGNETECH INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO AS OF THE DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE  

GUARANTORS:   

IES CONSOLIDATION, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES SHARED SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES PROPERTIES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

KEY ELECTRICAL SUPPLY, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES TANGIBLE PROPERTIES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

IES OPERATIONS GROUP, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

ICS HOLDINGS LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Name: 
   
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

Letter Agreement- Limited Consent  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 d310826dex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10.13 

Exhibit 10.13   
 September 9, 2016    IES Holdings, Inc.  
 5433 Westheimer, Suite 500    Houston, TX 77056  
 Attention: Robert W. Lewey      

Re:   
   Third Amendment        Gentlemen:  
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, by and among IES
Holdings, Inc. (  Administrative Borrower  ), certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, as Borrowers and Guarantors (as defined therein), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (  Lender  ) (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Credit Agreement.  
 Borrowers have requested that the Credit Agreement be amended on terms and conditions set forth in this letter agreement (this   Letter
Agreement  ). Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:  
  I.  AMENDMENT      1.1
Effective as of the date hereof,  Section 7.17  of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:  
  Use proceeds of the Loans in connection with funding work related to the Bonded Contracts unless such use is upon terms,
provisions and conditions acceptable to Lender, in its good faith discretion (such as, without limitation, Lender being satisfied with its Lien priority and right to proceeds relating to Borrowers  assets and restrictions on when payments may
be made by Borrowers in connection with Bonded Contracts);  provided ,  however , except as otherwise provided in the Federal Insurance Company and Liberty Mutual Intercreditor, the Chartis Intercreditor, the Everest Intercreditor, or
any intercreditor agreement entered into after the Third Amendment Closing Date in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, Lender agrees that the foregoing shall not be construed to prevent any ability of Federal Insurance Company, Liberty
Mutual, Chartis, Everest, or any other Surety (so long as such Surety has entered into an intercreditor agreement with Lender in form and substance satisfactory to Lender), as applicable, to receive payment out of any assets of any Borrower in which
Federal Insurance Company, Liberty Mutual, Chartis, Everest or such other Surety has a first priority Lien in a circumstance where Federal Insurance Company, Liberty Mutual, Chartis, Everest, or such other Surety has made a payment on a Surety
Bond and Federal Insurance Company, Liberty Mutual, Chartis, Everest, or such other Surety is seeking reimbursement for such payment from such Borrower.   
 1.2 Effective as of the date hereof,  Schedule 1.1  of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following definitions in the
proper alphabetical order:      Everest   means Everest Reinsurance Company, Everest National Insurance
Company or any of their Affiliates or Subsidiaries.       Everest Intercreditor   means an Intercreditor
Agreement entered into as of September 9, 2016 by and among Lender, Everest and certain Loan Parties, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion, as the same may be amended, amended and restated or
otherwise modified from time to time.     [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

Third Amendment Closing Date   shall mean September 9,
2016.     1.3 Effective as of the date hereof, the following definitions set forth in  Schedule 1.1  of the Credit Agreement are
hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows:       Excluded Collateral   means (i)
the Surety Collateral to the extent (a) the issuer of the Surety Bond is Chartis, Everest, Liberty Mutual Federal Insurance Company, or other Surety (so long as such Surety has entered into an intercreditor agreement with Lender in form
and substance satisfactory to Lender) or a co-surety of such Person under the Specified Surety Agreements in effect on the Third Amendment Closing Date, provided that the Chartis Intercreditor, Everest Intercreditor, the Federal Insurance
Company and Liberty Mutual Intercreditor, or an intercreditor agreement entered into after the Third Amendment Closing Date in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, as applicable, is in full force and effect and (b) such Surety Collateral has
not previously been included in a Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to Lender, (ii) all cash collateral pledged to Federal Insurance Company, Everest, Liberty Mutual, Chartis or such other Surety pursuant to the Specified Surety Agreements that
is in the possession or under the control of Federal Insurance Company, Everest, Liberty Mutual, Chartis or such other Surety, as applicable, provided that the Chartis Intercreditor, Everest Intercreditor, the Federal Insurance Company and
Liberty Mutual Intercreditor, or an intercreditor agreement entered into after the Third Amendment Closing Date in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, as applicable, is in full force and effect and (iii) cash collateral pledged to Sureties
(other than Federal Insurance Company, Everest, Liberty Mutual, Chartis or any other Surety (so long as such Surety has entered into an intercreditor agreement with Lender in form and substance satisfactory to Lender)) up to an aggregate amount of
$2,000,000 (exclusive of any drawings under letters of credit issued for the benefit of such Surety) that is in the possession or under the control of such Surety; provided, however, that in no event shall Excluded Collateral include any amounts
which from time to time may be in the Collection Account or any Deposit Account in which cash collateral or Qualified Cash is held.   
    Loan Documents   means this Agreement, any Borrowing Base Certificate, the Control Agreements, the Cash
Management Documents, the Guaranty, the Federal Insurance and Liberty Mutual Intercreditor, the Everest Intercreditor, the Chartis Intercreditor, any intercreditor agreement entered into after the Third Amendment Closing Date in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender, the Letters of Credit, each Patent and Trademark Security Agreement, any Copyright Security Agreement, the Seller Subordination Agreement, the Collateral Assignment of Purchase Agreement, the Omnibus Reaffirmation, any note
or notes executed by any Borrower in connection with this Agreement and payable to Lender, any Letter of Credit Applications and other Letter of Credit Agreements entered into by any Borrower in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, and any
other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future, by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and Lender in connection with this Agreement, but specifically excluding all Hedge Agreements.   
   Specified Surety Agreements   means the agreements with Chartis, Everest, Federal Insurance Company, Liberty
Mutual and/or any other Surety listed on  Schedule 5.31  to the Information Certificate.     1.4 Effective as of the date hereof,
 Schedule 1.1  of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to amend and restated  clause (i)  of the definition of  Permitted Liens  in its entirety to read as follows:  
 [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

(i)
Liens in favor of Sureties in the Surety Collateral securing reimbursement obligations for Surety Bonds procured by a Borrower in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
pursuant to a bonding program acceptable to Lender; provided, that such Surety has, pursuant to documentation satisfactory to Lender in the good faith exercise of its credit judgment: (a) agreed not to require segregation of funds as to its
Bonded Collateral without the prior written consent of Lender (though Federal Insurance Company, Everest, Liberty Mutual, Chartis, and any other Surety (so long as such Surety has entered into an intercreditor agreement with Lender in form and
substance satisfactory to Lender) will be permitted such segregation upon a default under the Bonded Contract and notice to Lender from Federal Insurance Company, Everest, Liberty Mutual, Chartis, or such other Surety, as applicable;
 provided , that the Federal Insurance and Liberty Mutual Intercreditor, the Everest Intercreditor, the Chartis Intercreditor, or other intercreditor agreement entered into after the Third Amendment Closing Date in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender, as applicable, is in full force and effect) and (b) (i) acknowledged and agreed that pursuant to the Loan Parties  cash management system established in connection with this Agreement, proceeds of the Surety Collateral,
including Accounts arising from the Bonded Contracts (collectively,   Bonded Contract Proceeds  ) may be commingled with proceeds of other Accounts and other Property of Borrowers in the Collection Account and other Deposit Accounts
in which Lender has, or in the future may have, security interests, Liens or other rights, and (ii) consented to such commingling and to security interests, Liens or other rights in the Collection Account and such other Deposit Accounts, and (iii)
released and waived any and all security interests and other legal and equitable rights and interests that it may then or thereafter have (as secured party, subrogee, trust fund beneficiary, or otherwise) in or to (A) the Collection Account and such
other Deposit Accounts and (B) Bonded Account Proceeds that from time to time are in the Collection Account and such other Deposit Accounts are in the possession of Lender, that have been applied to indebtedness, liabilities or obligations from time
to time owing to Lender by Borrowers, or have otherwise been removed from, set off against or applied from the Collection Account and such other Deposit Accounts.   
 1.5 Effective upon the execution of this Letter Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall be amended such that  Schedule 5.31
 to the Information Certificate attached to the Credit Agreement as  Exhibit E  thereto shall be amended to add the following:       

09/09/16 
    
 Agreement of Indemnity by and among certain Loan Parties, Everest Reinsurance Company and Everest National Insurance Company   
 
   II.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT    
 The foregoing consent and agreements by Lender are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions in form and substance acceptable to
Lender in its sole discretion:    (i) Lender shall have received this letter agreement duly and validly executed by
Borrowers, Guarantors and Lender;    (ii) Lender shall have received an executed copy of the Agreement of Indemnity by an
among Everest Reinsurance Company, Everest National Insurance Company and the applicable Loan Parties;    (iii) Lender shall
have received an executed copy of the Intercreditor Agreement executed by Everest Reinsurance Company, Everest National Insurance Company and the applicable Loan Parties; and  
 (iv) the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof (except to the extent a representation or warranty relates solely to a specific earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and complete
on and as of such earlier date).    [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

III.  MISCELLANEOUS    
 Except as expressly set forth in this Letter Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be construed as a waiver by Lender of any other
present or future violation, Default or Event of Default, covenant or provision of the Credit Agreement, any Loan Document, or of any other contract or instrument between Borrowers and Lender, and the failure of Lender at any time or times hereafter
to require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision thereof shall not waive, affect or diminish any right Lender has to thereafter demand strict compliance therewith. Lender hereby reserves all rights granted under the Credit Agreement, each
Loan Document, and any other contract or instrument among Borrowers and Lender. Irrespective of any previous failures or delays of Lender in the monitoring or in the requiring of compliance by Borrower with the duties, obligations, and agreements of
Borrowers in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, hereafter Borrowers are expected to comply strictly with their duties, obligations and agreements under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents. Similarly, except as set forth above,
nothing contained in this Letter Agreement shall directly or indirectly in any way whatsoever either: (i) impair, prejudice or otherwise adversely affect Lender s rights at any time to exercise any right, privilege or remedy in connection with
the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document, (ii) amend or alter any provision of the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document or any other contract or instrument, or (iii) constitute any course of dealing or other basis for altering any obligation
of Borrowers under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or any right, privilege or remedy of Lender under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or any other contract or instrument among Borrowers and Lender. Nothing in this Letter
Agreement shall be construed to be a consent by Lender to any transactions other than the Proposed Transaction.    This Letter
Agreement shall be a  Loan Document  and failure to comply with the terms and conditions hereof shall be an Event of Default. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or other form of electronic transmission shall be deemed to be an original
signature hereto.    This Letter Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and Borrowers and their respective
successors and assigns. This Letter Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  T HIS 
 LETTER   AGREEMENT ,  AND   THE   RIGHTS   AND   OBLIGATIONS   OF   THE   PARTIES   HEREUNDER ,
 SHALL   BE   GOVERNED   BY   AND   CONSTRUED   IN   ACCORDANCE   WITH   THE   LAWS   OF 
 THE  S TATE   OF  T EXAS .     THIS LETTER AGREEMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS EMBODY THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, AND MAY NOT BE
CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO.  
 Please execute this Letter Agreement in the space provided below to acknowledge each Borrower s agreement to the foregoing. By execution
of this Letter Agreement in the space provided below, each Borrower (a) ratifies and confirms that the Credit Agreement and all Loan Documents, and all renewals, extensions, and restatements of, and amendments and supplements to, any of the
foregoing, are and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and (b) agrees to reimburse and save Lender harmless from and against liabilities for the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses arising in
connection with the preparation, execution, and delivery of this Letter Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel to Lender which may be payable in respect of this Letter Agreement.  
  [   Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank   ]   
 [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.       

Sincerely, 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION   

By: 
   
   /s/ Howard I. Handman   
 
 Name: 
   
 Howard I. Handman  
 
 Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  
 
  [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED AS OF THE DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE   

BORROWERS:   

IES HOLDINGS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  

IES COMMERCIAL   INDUSTRIAL, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   Treasurer  

IES COMMERCIAL, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   Treasurer  

IES PURCHASING   MATERIALS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES RESIDENTIAL, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  

INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL FINANCE, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  
 
  [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

IES MANAGEMENT LP   

By: INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL  
 
 FINANCE, INC., its General Partner  

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES MANAGEMENT ROO, LP   

By: IES OPERATIONS GROUP, INC., its 
 General Partner   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   CFO  

IES SUBSIDIARY HOLDINGS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

HK ENGINE COMPONENTS, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  

MAGNETECH INDUSTRIAL SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  
 
  [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

SOUTHERN INDUSTRIAL SALES AND SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  

CALUMET ARMATURE AND ELECTRIC, L.L.C.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, CFO   Treasurer  

SHANAHAN MECHANICAL   ELECTRICAL, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   Treasurer  

IES INFRASTRUCTURE SOLUTIONS, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   Treasurer  

TECHNIBUS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President   Treasurer  
 
  [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO AS   OF
THE DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE   

GUARANTORS:   

IES CONSOLIDATION, LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES SHARED SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES PROPERTIES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

KEY ELECTRICAL SUPPLY, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

IES TANGIBLE PROPERTIES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

IES OPERATIONS GROUP, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  

ICS HOLDINGS LLC   

By: 
   
   /s/ Tracy A. McLauchlin   
 
 Name: 
   
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
 Title: 
   
 President   Treasurer  
 
  [IES] Letter Agreement- Third Amendment  

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.30>
 5
 d310826dex1030.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10.30 

Exhibit 10.30   
  EXECUTION VERSION   
  INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL SERVICES, INC.   
  AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  SEVERANCE BENEFIT PLAN      1. PURPOSE AND
TERM.  The Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (the   Company  ) Executive Officer Severance Benefit Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 23, 2012, and is hereby amended and restated in its
entirety as of January 12, 2016. The purpose of the Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Officer Severance Benefit Plan (  Plan  ) is to provide severance benefits to certain senior executives of
the Company and its adopting Affiliates (as defined below) in the event the executive incurs a Qualifying Termination, as defined below.     2. COVERED
EXECUTIVES.     2.01  
 (a)  Automatic Coverage . Subject to Section 2.02, each employee who is a Senior Vice President or above of the
Company automatically shall be a Covered Executive under this Plan.    (b)  Additional Coverage . Subject to
Section 2.02, any other employee of the Company or a Participating Affiliate who is an officer and is designated as covered under the Plan by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) of the Board of
Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) also shall be a Covered Executive under this Plan.    2.02 An individual who is
otherwise described in Section 2.01(a) or 2.01(b) shall cease to be a Covered Executive if:    (a) he is covered pursuant to
Section 2.01(a) above and subsequently, without a termination of employment, ceases to be a Senior Vice President or above of the Company;  
 (b) he is covered pursuant to Section 2.01(b) above and subsequently, without a termination of employment, ceases to be an
officer of the Company or a Participating Affiliate;    (c) the Covered Executive s employment terminates for any reason
other than due to a Qualifying Termination;    (d) the Covered Executive has or enters into an individual employment or
severance agreement with the Company or an Affiliate that may provide severance benefits to him or her upon termination of employment: or  

(e) the Covered Executive does not consent (in a form acceptable to the Company)
to be bound by the covenants set forth in Section 9, including with respect to the portion of the Restricted Period (as defined below) following the termination of his or her employment for any reason.  
 For purposes of coverage under this Plan, a transfer of a Covered Executive s employment to a non-Participating Affiliate shall not be
deemed effective to terminate his or her coverage hereunder until thirty (30) days after written notice of such transfer has been furnished to the Covered Executive.  
  3. QUALIFICATION FOR SEVERANCE BENEFITS.       

3.01 
  Qualifying Terminations . In the event that a Covered Executive has a Qualifying Termination, or in the event of a Covered Executive s termination of employment due to his or her death or Disability, then,
subject to Section 3.02, the Company or Participating Affiliate, whichever is the employer, shall provide to, or on behalf of, such terminated Covered Executive the severance benefits set forth in Section 4.01, 4.02 or 4.04 of this Plan, as
applicable.        

3.02 
  Release and Waiver . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the contrary, unless waived by the Committee with respect to the Covered Executive, in its sole discretion, the Company or Participating
Affiliate, as the case may be, shall not provide, or have any obligation to provide, to a Covered Executive any severance payments or benefits under Section 4, other than the Accrued Rights, upon or following such Covered Executive s Qualifying
Termination or termination of employment due to his or her Disability, unless (i) within fifty (50) days from the date of such termination of employment, the Covered Executive timely executes and delivers to the Company the Release, which shall be
provided to the Covered Executive by the Company not later than five (5) days following the Covered Executive s termination, and (ii) the Covered Executive does not revoke the Release within any applicable revocation period therefor following
the Covered Executive s delivery of the executed Release to the Company. If the requirements of this Section 3.02 are satisfied, then, subject to Section 5 below, the severance payments and benefits to which the Covered Executive is otherwise
entitled to receive under Section 4 shall begin or be made, as applicable, as provided in Section 5. If the Release requirements of this Section 3.02 are not timely satisfied by the Covered Executive, then no severance payments or benefits, other
than the Accrued Rights, shall be due the Covered Executive under this Plan.       4. SEVERANCE BENEFITS.   

4.01 
  Qualifying Termination prior to a Change in Control . If a Covered Executive has a Qualifying Termination prior to a Change in Control (defined below) and satisfies the Release conditions under Section 3.02, then,
subject to Section 5, the Covered Executive shall receive the following severance benefits:    

(a)  Accrued Rights . Without regard to Section 3.02, the Covered
Executive s Accrued Rights.    (b)  Severance Pay . Continued payment of the Covered Executive s Base Pay for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, payable monthly in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices as in effect on the date of termination, but not later than the last business day of each calendar month.
   (c)  Annual Bonus . Any unpaid Annual Bonus that has been  earned  for the immediately preceding fiscal
year plus an Annual Bonus for the current fiscal year, pro rated based on the percentage of the current fiscal year that shall have elapsed through the date of termination. The amount of any such Annual Bonus(es) shall be as determined by the
Committee, including its determination of the extent the performance objectives, if any, for such fiscal year have been achieved. Such Annual Bonus(es) shall be payable (i) at the same time(s) that the annual bonus(es) for such respective
fiscal year(s) are paid to other similar executives of the Company (or Participating Affiliates) or (ii) on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable, whichever shall later occur.  
 (d)  Incentive/Equity Awards . A prorated amount of the Covered Executive s then outstanding unvested cash incentive
awards and equity-based awards, other than an Annual Bonus or Performance Award (defined below), shall vest and payment made thereon, if applicable, on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes
irrevocable. Prior to such date, any unvested award(s) shall not be forfeited due to the Covered Executive s termination of employment, notwithstanding anything in the applicable grant agreement(s) to the contrary. The applicable prorated
vested percentage for such an award(s) shall be the percentage of the full vesting period for such award(s) in which the Covered Executive was actively employed by the Company (or Participating Affiliate). Payment of such prorated vested awards, if
any, shall be made on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable.  
 A prorated portion of each of the Covered Executive s then outstanding cash incentive awards or equity-based awards, the
payment of which is dependent upon the achievement of performance objectives during a performance period that has not ended as of the Covered Executive s date of Qualifying Termination (a   Performance Award  ), shall vest at the
end of the performance period applicable to such award, but only if and to the extent the performance objectives for such performance period have been achieved, as determined by the Compensation Committee (the   Performance Amount
Achieved  ), and the Release provided in Section 3.02 has become irrevocable. The applicable prorated vested percentage for any such Performance Award shall be the product of the percentage of the full performance period for such
Performance Award in which the Covered Executive was actively employed by the Company (or Participating Affiliate) and the Performance Amount Achieved, if any. Payment(s) of such Performance Award(s) that become vested, if any, shall be  

made (i) at the same time(s) the performance award(s) for such performance period(s) are paid to other similar executives of the Company (or Participating Affiliates) or (ii) on the
date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable, whichever shall later occur.  
 (e)  COBRA . An amount, paid on the first business day of each month, equal to 100% of the applicable monthly COBRA
premium under the Company s (or Participating Affiliate s) group health plan for the coverage elected by the Covered Executive and his or her eligible dependents, continued for the lesser of (i) twelve (12) months or
(ii) until such COBRA coverage for the Covered Executive (and his or her dependents) terminates.    (f)
 Outplacement . The Covered Executive shall be entitled to receive outplacement services from a service provider selected or approved by the Company for twelve (12) months following his or her Qualifying Termination, in an amount not to
exceed $20,000.      

4.02 
  Qualifying Termination on or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control . If a Covered Executive has a Qualifying Termination on or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (defined
below) and satisfies the Release conditions under Section 3.02, then, subject to Section 5, the Covered Executive shall receive the following severance benefits:    
 (a)  Accrued Rights . The Covered Executive s Accrued Rights.  
 (b)  Severance Pay . In a lump sum, an amount equal to two (2) times the Covered Executive s annual base pay,
payable on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes.    (c)  Annual
Bonus . In a lump sum, an amount equal to two (2) times the greater of the most recent (i) Annual Bonus paid to the Covered Executive or (ii) Annual Bonus Opportunity of the Covered Executive, payable on the date immediately
following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable.    (d)  Awards . All of the Covered
Executive s then outstanding unvested incentive, performance and equity-based awards (including, but not limited to, any unvested options, restricted stock, performance and phantom share units and stock appreciation rights then outstanding
under the LTIP or any other equity plan subsequently adopted by the Company) shall vest in full and payment made thereon, if applicable, on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable.  
 (e)  COBRA . An amount, paid on the first business day of each month, equal to 100% of the applicable monthly COBRA
premium under the Company s (or Participating Affiliate s) group health plan for the coverage elected by the Covered Executive and his or her eligible dependents, continued for the lesser of (i) twelve (12) months or
(ii) until such COBRA coverage for the Covered Executive (and his or her dependents) terminates.  

(f)  Outplacement . The Covered Executive shall be entitled to receive
outplacement services from a service provider selected or approved by the Company for twelve (12) months following his or her Qualifying Termination, in an amount not to exceed $20,000.  

4.03 
  Change in Control . For purposes of the Plan, a Change in Control shall mean any of the following:    
 (a) Any person or any persons acting together which would constitute a  group  for purposes of Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act, other than Tontine Capital Partners L.P. and its affiliates, the Company or any subsidiary, shall  beneficially own  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time),
directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the ordinary voting power of all classes of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board; or  
 (b) Current Directors (as defined below) shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the
Board (for these purposes, a   Current Director   means, as of the date of determination, any person who (1) was a member of the Board on the date that the Company s Joint Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code became effective or (2) was nominated for election or elected to the Board with the affirmative vote of a majority of the current directors who were members of the Board at the time of such nomination or election),
or at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company called for the purpose of electing directors, a majority of the persons nominated by the Board for election as directors shall fail to be elected; or  
 (c) The consummation of a sale, lease, exchange or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company; provided, however, a transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be
owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction.  
 Notwithstanding the above definition, with respect to any payment or acceleration hereunder that is subject to
Section 409A of the Code, Change in Control shall mean a  change in control event  within the meaning of Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.  

4.04 
  Death or Disability . If a Covered Executive s employment terminates by reason of death or Disability, the Covered Executive or his or her estate (as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the
following:    

(a)  Accrued Rights . Without regard to Section 3.02, the Covered
Executive s Accrued Rights.    (b)  Annual Bonus . Any unpaid Annual Bonus that has been  earned  for
the immediately preceding fiscal year plus an Annual Bonus for the current fiscal year, pro rated based on the percentage of the current fiscal year that shall have elapsed through the date of termination. The amount of any such Annual Bonus(es)
shall be as determined by the Compensation Committee, including its determination of the extent the performance objectives, if any, for such fiscal year have been achieved. Such Annual Bonus(es) shall be payable (i) at the same time(s) that the
annual bonus(es) for such respective fiscal year(s) are paid to other similar executives of the Company (or Participating Affiliates) or (ii) on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes
irrevocable, whichever shall later occur.    (c)  Awards . All of the Covered Executive s then outstanding
unvested incentive, performance and equity-based awards (including, but not limited to, any unvested options, restricted stock, performance and phantom share units and stock appreciation rights then outstanding under the LTIP or any other equity
plan subsequently adopted by the Company) shall vest in full and payment made thereon, if applicable, on the date immediately following the date the Release provided in Section 3.02 becomes irrevocable. Prior to such date, any unvested award(s)
shall not be forfeited due to the Covered Executive s termination of employment, notwithstanding anything in the applicable grant agreement(s) to the contrary; provided, however, any stock options or stock appreciation rights shall continue to
be exercisable for the lesser of (i) twelve (12) months following the Covered Executive s termination or (ii) the term of such awards.  
 (d)  COBRA . An amount, paid on the first business day of each month, equal to 100% of the applicable monthly COBRA
premium under the Company s (or Participating Affiliate s) group health plan for the coverage elected by the Covered Executive and his or her eligible dependents, continued for the lesser of (i) twelve (12) months or
(ii) until such COBRA coverage for the Covered Executive (and his or her dependents) terminates.    (e) Any question as
to the existence of the Disability of the Covered Executive as to which the Covered Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Covered Executive and the
Company. If the Covered Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination
of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Covered Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of the Agreement.  
 (f) If a Covered Executive dies after his or her Qualifying Termination and prior to the payment of all severance payments and
benefits due under this Plan (the Covered Executive shall be deemed to have complied with Section 3.02 if his or her death occurs prior to the end of the period for executing the Release), the remaining payments shall be paid to his or her
estate and the COBRA benefits shall continue as provided above.  

4.05 
  Parachute Tax Cut-Back . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, if the Covered Executive is a  disqualified individual  (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code), and the payments and
benefits to be provided to Covered Executive under this Plan, together with any other payments and benefits to which the Covered Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any other person, would constitute a  parachute
payment  (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits to be provided under this Plan either (a) shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by the
Covered Executive under the Plan will be $1.00 less than three times the Covered Executive s  base amount  (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code), so that no portion of the amounts to be received will be subject to the excise
tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) shall be paid in full, whichever result produces the better  net after-tax  benefit to the Covered Executive (taking into account all applicable taxes, including excise tax under Section 4999
of the Code). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments to be paid in cash hereunder (beginning with such payment that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent
necessary, through to such payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefits to be provided hereunder in-kind in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits
provided hereunder is necessary shall be made by the Company in good faith.       5. TIME OF PAYMENT/SECTION 409A COMPLIANCE.   

(a)  Required Delay . Notwithstanding anything
in the Plan to the contrary concerning the time of payment of any severance benefit, if the Covered Executive is a  specified employee,  as defined in Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(i), as of his or her Qualifying Termination, then to the
extent an amount payable under the Plan to such Covered Executive upon or as a result of his or her  separation from service  would be subject to the additional tax provided by Section 409A of the Code, such amount shall not be paid
to the Covered Executive until the date that is six (6) months after the date of his or her Qualifying Termination (or, if earlier, his or her date of death). Such delayed payment shall be made in a lump sum on such delayed payment date and
shall bear interest at the rate of 6% per annum from the date payment was otherwise to be made under Section 4 and the date the delayed amount is actually paid. Severance payments and benefits that are not subject to such Section 409A
additional tax shall not be subject to this delay.  

(b)  Separate Payments . To the extent permitted under Section 409A
and the applicable Treasury Regulations thereunder, each payment to a Covered Executive under the Plan shall be treated as a  separate payment.   
 (c)  Reimbursements . Any severance payment or benefit under this Plan to which Code Section 409A applies that
constitutes a reimbursement or the in- kind benefit shall be subject to the following: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided during the Covered Executive s taxable year may not affect the
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year (this requirement shall not apply to an arrangement that provides for the reimbursement of expenses referred to in Code Section 105(b)); (ii) the
reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made on or before the last day of the Covered Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or to receive an
in-kind benefit shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange by the Covered Executive for other payment or benefit.  
 (d)  Timing of Certain Payments . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary (i) if it is determined that
the payment under Section 4.02 (b) is a  substitution  payment under Code Section 409A, such payment will be made in the same form and at the same time as the  substituted payment  would have been made and (ii)
with respect to any payment that is conditioned on the Release becoming irrevocable, in the event the potential period for the Release s irrevocable date straddles two calendar years, the earliest date on which such payment will be made is
January 1st of the year following the Covered Executive s termination.    (e)  409A Compliance . The Plan
shall be construed to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, and, in this regard, a  termination of employment  shall mean, and must be, a  separation from service  for purposes of Section 409A
of the Code.    6.  ADMINISTRATION .    
 The Company shall be responsible for the administration of this Plan and shall serve as the Plan s administrator. The Company may appoint
or employ such persons as it deems necessary to render advice with respect to any responsibility of the Company under this Plan. The Company shall have the discretionary authority to decide all questions concerning the eligibility of any person to
participate in this Plan, the right to and amount of any benefit payable under this Plan to any individual and the date on which any individual ceases to be a Plan participant. The Company may allocate to any one or more of its employees any
responsibility it may have under this Plan. Any such person who receives full-time pay from the Company or an Affiliate shall receive no compensation from this Plan for his or her services in such capacity (other than expense reimbursements). Any
such person shall not have any fiduciary responsibilities under this Plan. As Plan administrator, the Company shall maintain records of the Plan s administration and shall be responsible for the handling, processing and payment of claims for
benefits under this Plan.  

7. CLAIMS PROCEDURE.       

7.01 
  Notification of Benefit Determination and Initiation of Claims .      (a)
The Company shall notify each Covered Executive who the Company determines is entitled to benefits under this Plan of his or her entitlement to receive such benefits and shall provide any forms required in connection with the application for such
benefits.    (b) If any such Covered Executive disagrees with the determination of his or her benefits, he or she may submit
a written statement describing the basis of his or her claim for benefits, together with any forms required in connection with the application for such benefits.  
 (c) Any Covered Executive who is not so notified but believes that he or she is entitled to benefits under this Plan may
submit a written statement describing the basis of his or her claim for benefits and requesting any forms required in connection with the application for such benefits.  
 (d) Each Covered Executive claiming a benefit under this Plan must complete and file with the Company any required application
forms.    7.2  Claim Denial . If the claim of a Covered Executive is wholly or partially denied after he or she has completed the
required documents as described above, he or she shall be notified by registered mail within ninety (90) days after the written claims statement is submitted, or within ninety (90) days after any required application forms are filed, if
later (except that in special circumstances the Company may take an additional ninety (90) days to consider its decision, in which case the Covered Executive will be notified of the extension). Such notification shall set forth:  
 (a) the specific reasons for the denial (including reference to any pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based);
   (b) if applicable, a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the
claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and,    (c) the claims review procedure and the
time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the right to institute an arbitration proceeding under Section 12.07.  

7.3  Review of Claim Denials .  
 (a) The Company will review such claim denials. Any Covered Executive who has filed a claim for benefits may make a written request to the
Company, within sixty (60) days after denial of his or her claim, for a review of such claim. Any such request may include a statement by the Covered Executive of any relevant issues and comments and may include a request for an opportunity to
review this Plan and any other pertinent documents (which will be made available to him or her within thirty (30) days after such request is received at a convenient location during business hours).  
 (b) The Covered Executive claiming benefits shall be notified of the final decision of the Company within sixty (60) days after his or
her request for a review is received. However, if the Company finds it necessary due to special circumstances (such as, for example, the need to hold a hearing), to extend this period and so notifies the claimant in writing, the decision shall be
rendered as soon as practicable, but in no event later than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the claimant s request for review. The decision shall be in writing and shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial (including
reference to any pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based). Such decision shall be final and conclusive on all persons claiming benefits under this Plan, subject to applicable law.  
  8. FUNDING.     This Plan shall not be
funded through a trust, an insurance contact or otherwise and all benefit payments due under this Plan shall be payable solely from the general assets of the Company. A Covered Executive shall not have any claim against any specific assets of the
Company and shall be only an unsecured general creditor of the Company with respect to any rights he or she may have under this Plan.     9.
NON-COMPETITION; NON-SOLICITATION.     9.1 The Covered Executive s eligibility to participate in the Plan and the Company s
obligation to remit or convey the severance benefits and payments set forth in Section 4 on account of a Qualifying Termination are expressly conditioned on the Covered Executive s consent to be bound by, and compliance with, the
restrictions and covenants set forth in this Section 9.    9.2 During the term of the Covered Executive s employment with the
Company or an Affiliate and (i) for a period of six (6) months following the date of a Qualifying Termination covered by Sections 4.01 or 4.04 or a Executive s voluntary resignation of employment other than for Good Reason (each, a
 Termination ) or (ii) for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of a Qualifying Termination covered by Section 4.02 (the period established under either subclause (i) or (ii), as applicable, hereafter
called the   Restricted Period  ), the Covered Executive will not, whether on the Covered Executive s own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or
other business organization, entity or enterprise whatsoever (  Person  ), directly or indirectly solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the Company, the business of any client or prospective client:  

(a) with whom the Covered Executive had personal contact or dealings on behalf of
the Company during the one year period preceding the Termination;    (b) with whom employees reporting to the Covered
Executive have had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company during the one year period immediately preceding the Termination; or  
 (c) for whom the Covered Executive had direct or indirect responsibility during the one year period immediately preceding the
Termination.    9.3 During the Restricted Period, the Covered Executive will not directly or indirectly:  
 (a) engage in any business that materially competes with any business of the Company or its Affiliates (including, without
limitation, businesses which the Company or its Affiliates have specific plans to conduct within twelve (12) months from the effective date of the Termination and as to which the Covered Executive is personally aware of such planning) in any
geographical area that is within 100 miles of any geographical area where the Company or its Affiliates manufactures, produces, sells, leases, rents, licenses or otherwise provides its products or services and over which the Covered Executive had
substantive responsibilities (a   Competitive Business      (b) enter the employ of, or render any services
to, any Person (or any division or controlled or controlling affiliate of any Person) who or which engages in a Competitive Business;  
 (c) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any Competitive Business, directly or
indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or consultant; or    (d)
interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, business relationships between the Company or any of its Affiliates and customers, clients, suppliers, partners, members or investors of the Company or its Affiliates.  
 9.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9, the Covered Executive may, directly or indirectly, own, solely as an
investment, securities of any Person engaged in the business of the Company or its Affiliates that is publicly traded on a national stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if the Covered Executive (i) is not a controlling person of, or
a member of a group which controls, such person or (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, own 5% or more of any class of securities of such Person.  
 9.5 During the Restricted Period, the Covered Executive will not, whether on the Covered Executive s own behalf or on behalf of or in
conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly:    (a) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or its
Affiliates to leave the employment of the Company or its Affiliates; or  

(b) hire any such employee who was employed by the Company or its affiliates as
of the date of the Termination or who left the employment of the Company or its affiliates coincident with, or within six (6) months prior to or after, the Covered Executive s Termination.  
 9.6 During the Restricted Period, the Covered Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage to cease to work with the
Company or its Affiliates any consultant then under contract with the Company or its Affiliates.    9.7 If a final judicial determination is
made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Section 9 is an unenforceable restriction against the Covered Executive, the provisions of this Section 9 shall not be rendered
void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine to be enforceable.  
  10. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION.     This Plan
may be amended or terminated, in whole or in part, at any time by a written instrument signed by the President of the Company and approved by the Committee; provided, however, a copy of such action must be furnished to each Covered Executive at
least thirty (30) days prior to its effective date or such action shall be deemed null and void for all purposes as to such Covered Executive.  
  11. ADOPTION AND WITHDRAWAL BY AFFILIATES.   
 11.1  Adoption by Affiliates . Subject to the prior approval of the Committee, an Affiliate of the Company may adopt this Plan pursuant to
appropriate written resolutions of its board of directors and by executing and delivering to the Company an adoption agreement in which the adopting Affiliate agrees to be bound by all of the terms of this Plan with respect to its Covered Executives
(each a   Participating Affiliate  ). The adoption agreement shall become, as to such adopting Affiliate and its employees, a part of this Plan as then amended or thereafter amended. It shall not be necessary for the adopting
Affiliate to sign or execute the original or amended Plan document. The effective date of this Plan for any such adopting Affiliate shall be that stated in the adoption agreement, and from and after such effective date, the adopting Affiliate shall
assume all the rights, obligations, and liabilities under this Plan. The administrative powers and control of the Company, as provided in this Plan, including the sole right to amend, shall not be diminished by reason of participation of any such
Affiliate in this Plan.    11.2  Special Provisions by Affiliates . With the approval of the Company, an adopting Affiliate may elect to
have special provisions apply with respect to its Covered Executives. Such special provisions, which may differ from the provisions of this Plan which are applicable to employees of other Affiliates, shall be stated in this Plan text or in an
Appendix to this Plan.  

11.3  Withdrawal . Any Affiliate of the Company participating in this Plan may withdraw from
this Plan at any time without affecting other Affiliates of the Company by complying with the provisions of this Plan. The Committee may, in its absolute discretion, terminate an adopting Affiliate s participation at any time.  
  12. MISCELLANEOUS.     12.1  Other
Benefits . The payment of severance benefits under this Plan shall not be taken into account to increase any benefits provided (or continued coverage) under any other plan or policy of the Company or any Affiliate, except as otherwise
specifically provided in such other plan or policy.    12.2  No Assignments . No benefit payable under this Plan may be assigned,
transferred, pledged as a security for indebtedness or otherwise encumbered, or subjected to any legal process for the payment of any claim against a Covered Executive.  
 12.3  At-Will Employment . This Plan does not create a contract of employment or give any Covered Executive the right to continued
employment or change the at- will nature of any employee s employment with the Company or an Affiliate.    12.4  Savings Clause .
If any provision of this Plan should be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Plan, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provisions had not been included.
   12.5  Construction .  
 (a) Whenever appropriate in this Plan, words used in the singular may be read in the plural; words used in the plural may be read in the
singular; and words importing the masculine gender shall be deemed equally to refer to the feminine or be neutral. Any reference to a Section shall refer to a Section of this Plan, unless otherwise indicated.  
 (b) The headings of sections are included solely for convenience of reference, and if there be any conflict between such headings and the text
of this Plan, the text shall control.    12.6  Choice of Law . Except to the extent preempted by federal law, this Plan shall be
construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the state of Texas without regard to conflict of laws principles.    12.7
 Arbitration of Disputes . Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating, in any way, to this Plan or a purported breach of the Plan shall be settled through arbitration proceedings conducted in Houston, Texas in accordance with
the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The matter shall be heard and decided, and awards rendered by, a panel of three arbitrators. An Employer and the Covered Executive shall each select one arbitrator and the
American Arbitration Association shall select the third arbitrator, each of whom shall be on the American Arbitration Association s national  

panel of commercial arbitrators. The award rendered by this arbitration panel shall be final and binding as between the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and
assigns, and judgment on the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. The Covered Executive s Employer shall pay all arbitration fees, unless the panel makes a factual finding or conclusion that the Covered Executive s claim
in the matter was frivolous. Likewise, the Covered Executive s Employer shall pay his or her legal fees in all disputes, other than those deemed frivolous. The Covered Executive shall be responsible for all of his or her fees and costs along
with 50% of all arbitration fees in any matter the arbitrators find frivolous.    12.8  Successors . The Company shall require any
successor or any entity acquiring substantially all of the assets of the Company to assume the Plan in writing and agree to honor all terms of this Plan.  
 12.9  Required Clawbacks . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the  Act ) requires a Covered Executive to repay the Company, or for the Company to recoup from the Covered Executive, any  erroneously awarded  amounts of incentive compensation, then the Company
may recoup any such  erroneously awarded  incentive compensation that it has made to the Covered Executive by reducing any severance pay or benefit otherwise due the Covered Executive under this Plan.  
 12.10  No Mitigation . A Covered Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this
Plan by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Plan be reduced by any compensation or benefit earned by the Covered Executive as the result of employment by another employer. Subject to
the foregoing, the benefits under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits to which a Covered Executive is otherwise entitled.    12.11
 Survival . All obligations of the Company and a Participating Affiliate under the Plan with respect to a Qualifying Termination occurring before the termination or any amendment of the Plan shall continue and survive such Plan termination or
amendment.     13. ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION.   
 13.1  Plan Year . Each plan year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of the same year. Records concerning this Plan are
to be kept on a plan year basis.    13.2  Legal Notices . The person designated to receive any legal notices concerning this Plan is:
   Integrated Electrical Services, Inc.  
 c/o Chairman, Human Resources and Compensation  
 Committee of the Board of Directors  
 5433 Westheimer Rd., Suite 500  
 Houston, TX 77056  

14.   D  EFINITIONS . For purposes of this Plan, the following terms are defined as
follows:    (a)   Accrued Rights   means a Covered Executive s (i) earned, but unpaid, annual base salary up to the
date of his or her Qualifying Termination, (ii) any accrued, but untaken, vacation time or paid-time off, and (iii) the reimbursement, within sixty (60) days following submission to the Company or Participating Affiliate of
appropriate supporting documentation, for any unreimbursed reasonable business expenses properly incurred by the Covered Executive in the performance of his or her duties in accordance with the Company s or Participating Affiliate s
expense policy prior to the Covered Executive s Qualifying Termination, provided claims for such reimbursement (accompanied by appropriate supporting documentation) are submitted to the Company or Participating Affiliate within ninety
(90) days following the date such expenses were incurred and within thirty (30) days following the Covered Executive s Qualifying Termination, and (iv) such employee benefits, if any, as to which the Covered Executive may be
entitled under the terms of the employee benefit plans of the Company or Participating Affiliate.    (b)   Affiliate   means,
with respect to any person or entity, any person or entity, directly or indirectly, controlled by, controlling or under common control with such person or entity.  
 (c)   Annual Bonus   means incentive compensation payable to a Covered Executive dependent upon the achievement of performance
objectives established by the Compensation Committee for each fiscal year during such Covered Executive s employment with the Company or Participating Affiliate.  
 (d)   Annual Bonus Opportunity   means the target annual bonus opportunity for each fiscal year ending during a Covered
Executive s employment with the Company or Participating Affiliate as set by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion.    (e)
  Base Pay   means a Covered Executive s annual rate of base salary at his or her Qualifying Termination or, if greater, his or her annual base pay for the fiscal year preceding his or her Qualifying Termination.  
 (f)   Cause   means (i) the Covered Executive s gross negligence in the performance or intentional nonperformance of
any of the Covered Executive s material duties and responsibilities to the Company or a Participating Affiliate; (ii) the Covered Executive s dishonesty, theft, embezzlement or fraud with respect to the business, property, reputation
or affairs of the Company or a Participating Affiliate; (iii) the Covered Executive s conviction of, or a plea of other than not guilty to, a felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (iv) the Covered Executive s confirmed
drug or alcohol abuse that materially affects the Covered Executive s service or violates the Company s or a Participating Affiliate s drug or alcohol abuse policy; (v) the Covered Executive s violation of a material Company
or a Participating Affiliate s personnel or similar policy, such policy having been made available to the Covered Executive by the Company or a Participating Affiliate; or (vi) the Covered Executive s having  

committed any material violation of any federal or state law regulating securities (without having relied on the advice of the Company s attorney) or having been the subject of any final
order, judicial or administrative, obtained or issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, for any securities violation involving fraud, including, without limitation, any such order consented to by the Covered Executive in which findings of
facts or any legal conclusions establishing liability are neither admitted nor denied.    (g)   Code   means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.    (h)   Disability   means a physical or mental condition that renders the Covered
Executive incapacitated and unable for a period of six (6) consecutive months or for an aggregate of nine (9) months in any twenty-four (24) consecutive month period to substantially perform (with such accommodation, if any, required
by applicable law) the Covered Executive s duties.    (i)   Qualifying Termination   means any termination of the Covered
Executive s employment with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable) either:    (i) by the Company or the Affiliate other than for
Cause; or    (ii) by the Covered Executive due to, and within thirty (30) days following, the occurrence of:  
 (1) a material reduction in his or her duties or responsibilities;  
 (2) a material reduction in the Covered Executive s annual rate of base cash compensation;  
 (3) a change in the location of a Covered Executive s principal place of employment by more than fifty (50) miles from Houston,
Texas;    (4) the receipt of a written notice of termination of this Plan or of any amendment to the Plan that would adversely reduce the
Covered Executive s potential severance payments or benefits or his or her coverage under the Plan; or    (5) a demotion or transfer of
the Covered Executive s employment that results or would result in him or her no longer being a Covered Executive under this Plan.  
 (j)   Release   means a general release and waiver, prepared or approved by the Company, in which the Covered Executive releases
the Company, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from any and all employment-related claims and cause of actions of the Covered Executive.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has adopted this Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of
January 12, 2016.       

INTEGRATED ELECTRICAL SERVICES, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert W. Lewey   
 
 Title: 
   
 President  

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 d310826dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1   
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT      As of
September 30, 2016       

Subsidiary  
    
   Jurisdiction of Incorporation   

Calumet Armature and Electric, L.L.C.   HK Engine
Components, LLC   ICS Holdings LLC   IES Commercial, Inc. 
 IES Commercial   Industrial, LLC   IES Consolidation,
LLC   IES Infrastructure Solutions, LLC   IES Management, LP 
 IES Management ROO, LP   IES Operations Group, Inc. 
 IES Properties, Inc.   IES Purchasing   Materials,
Inc.   IES Renewable Energy, LLC   IES Residential, Inc. 
 IES Shared Services, Inc.   IES Subsidiary Holdings, Inc. 
 IES Tangible Properties, Inc.  
    
   Illinois   Indiana 
 Arizona   Delaware 
 Delaware   Delaware 
 Delaware   Texas 
 Texas   Delaware 
 Delaware   Delaware 
 Delaware   Delaware 
 Delaware   Delaware 
 Delaware   
 
 Integrated Electrical Finance, Inc. 
    
 Delaware  
 
 Key Electrical Supply, Inc. 
    
 Texas  
 
 Magnetech Industrial Services, Inc. 
    
 Indiana  
 
   Shanahan Mechanical and Electrical, Inc. 
 Southern Industrial Sales and Services, Inc.   STR Mechanical,
LLC   Technibus, Inc.  
    
   Nebraska   Georgia 
 North Carolina   Delaware   
 
 Thomas Popp   Company 
    
 Ohio  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 d310826dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1   
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:  

(3) 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-186786) pertaining to the registration for resale of common stock of IES Holdings, Inc. by the selling stockholders named therein;    
 of our reports dated December 9, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting of IES Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2016.  
 /s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP  
 Houston, Texas    December 9, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 d310826dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Robert W. Lewey,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IES Holdings, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: December 9, 2016  

/s/ ROBERT W. LEWEY   
 
 Robert W. Lewey  
 
   President and Director 
 as Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 d310826dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Tracy A. McLauchlin,
certify that:    1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IES Holdings, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: December 9, 2016  

/s/ TRACY A. MCLAUCHLIN   
 
 Tracy A. McLauchlin  
 
   Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 as Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 d310826dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with this Annual Report of IES Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ), I, Robert W. Lewey, President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: December 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ ROBERT W. LEWEY   

Robert W. Lewey  

President and Director 
 as Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 d310826dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with this Annual Report of IES Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ), I, Tracy A. McLauchlin, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: December 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ TRACY A. MCLAUCHLIN   

Tracy A. McLauchlin  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 as Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 iesc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 iesc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 iesc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 iesc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 iesc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 iesc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

