<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1039399_0001039399-16-000070_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8803500</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138795</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>479195</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2818289</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3848346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1357264</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001039399-16-000070.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001039399-16-000070
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160924
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORMFACTOR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039399
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				133711155
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50307
		FILM NUMBER:		161971835

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7005 SOUTHFRONT ROAD
		CITY:			LIVERMORE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94551
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9252433522

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7005 SOUTHFRONT ROAD
		CITY:			LIVERMORE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94551

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001039399-16-000070.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 form-20160924x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE     COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  Form 10-Q 
     
  (Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 24, 2016    
    
  Or 

For the transition period from            to             
    
  Commission file number: 000-50307 
    
  FormFactor, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
        
                   Delaware 
      
    13-3711155 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

7005 Southfront Road, Livermore, California 94551 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
    
  (925) 290-4000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
     ______________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of the Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   x 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No     
    
  As of   November 1, 2016  ,   70,749,569   shares of the registrant s common stock, par value   $0.001   per share, were outstanding.                 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.   Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  
    5 

6 

FORMFACTOR, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    2,893 

(225 
    ) 
      Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    (46,356 
    ) 
      
    28,245 
      
      Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
    146,264 

113,940 
      
      Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
    $ 
    99,908 

$ 
    142,185 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value of stock issued in connection with the acquisition of Cascade Microtech 
    $ 
    93,216 

$ 

Fair value of stock options and restricted stock-based awards assumed in connection with acquisition of Cascade Microtech  
    $ 
    7,776 

$ 

Fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock-based awards paid in cash in connection with the acquisition of Cascade Microtech  
    $ 
    12,815 

$ 

Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related to property, plant and equipment purchases 
    $ 
    (987 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (262 
    ) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income and property taxes paid (refunded), net 
    $ 
    1,492 

$ 
    (94 
    ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    7 

FORMFACTOR, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited)    

Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of presentation.   The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of FormFactor, Inc. and our subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Our interim financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary to fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included. Operating results for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , or for any other period. The balance sheet at   December 26, 2015   has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts as well as those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of all inter-company balances and transactions. 
    
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and may result in material effects on our consolidated operating results and financial position.  
    
  These financial statements and notes should be read with the consolidated financial statements and notes for the year ended   December 26, 2015   included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016. 
    
  Fiscal year.   We operate on a   52  /  53   week fiscal year, whereby the fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of December. Fiscal   2016   and   2015   contain   53   weeks and   52   weeks, respectively and the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   each contained 39 weeks. Fiscal   2016   will end on   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  Business Acquisition.    On June 24, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Cascade Microtech Inc. ("Cascade Microtech"), headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon. Our consolidated financial statements as of   September 24, 2016   included the condensed consolidated balance sheet of Cascade Microtech as of   September 24, 2016   whereas our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   included the financial results of Cascade Microtech only for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We excluded the financial results of Cascade Microtech for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as the one-day stub period between the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 and the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2016 on June 25, 2016 was immaterial. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  Critical Accounting Policies.   Our critical accounting policies have not changed during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 26, 2015  . 

Note 2   Concentration of Credit and Other Risks 
    
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities and trade receivables. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are held in safekeeping by large, credit worthy financial institutions. We invest our excess cash primarily in U.S. banks, government and agency bonds, money market funds and corporate obligations. We have established guidelines relative to credit ratings, diversification and maturities that seek to maintain safety and liquidity. Deposits in these banks may exceed the amounts of insurance provided on such deposits. To date, we have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 
  We market and sell our products to a narrow base of customers and generally do not require collateral. The following customers accounted for more than   10%   of our revenues for the periods indicated:  
  
    8 

*      Less than 10% of revenues. 
  At   September 24, 2016  ,   one   customer accounted for approximately   27%   of gross accounts receivable. At   December 26, 2015  ,   one   customer accounted for approximately   29%   of gross accounts receivable.   No   other customers accounted for more than   10%   of gross accounts receivable at either of these fiscal period ends.  
  We operate in the competitive semiconductor industry, including the Dynamic Random Access Memory, or DRAM, Flash memory, and Foundry   Logic (previously referred to as System-on-Chip, or SoC) markets, which have been characterized by price erosion, rapid technological change, short product life cycles and heightened foreign and domestic competition. Significant technological changes in the industry could adversely affect our operating results. 
  Certain components for our products that meet our requirements are available only from a limited number of suppliers. The rapid rate of technological change and the necessity of developing and manufacturing products with short life cycles may intensify our reliance on such suppliers. The inability to obtain components as required, or to develop alternative sources, if and as required in the future, could result in delays or reductions in product shipments, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 3   Acquisition 
    
  On June 24, 2016, we acquired Cascade Microtech pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 3, 2016 (the  Merger Agreement ) between Cascade Microtech and Cardinal Merger Subsidiary, Inc., an Oregon corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. Cascade Microtech designs, develops, manufactures and markets advanced wafer probing, thermal and reliability solutions for the electrical measurement and testing of high performance semiconductor devices. Design, development and manufacturing operations are located in Beaverton, Oregon, United States and Munich and Dresden, Germany, and sales, service and support operations in the United States, Germany, Japan, Taiwan, China and Singapore. The acquisition of Cascade Microtech transforms our business into a broader test and measurement market leader with significant scale and increased diversification and demand for the combined company s products and technologies. 
    
   In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Cascade Microtech common stock was canceled and converted into the right to receive   $16.00   in cash, without interest, and   0.6534   of a share of FormFactor common stock. At the effective time of the merger (the  Effective Time ), each in-the-money Cascade Microtech stock option which was outstanding and vested prior to the Effective Time (or that vested as a result of the consummation of the merger) was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of   $21.47   over the applicable per share exercise price of such option. Each out-of-the-money option to purchase shares of Cascade Microtech common stock was canceled without any cash payment. Also at the Effective Time, each Cascade Microtech restricted stock unit which was outstanding and vested immediately prior to the Effective Time (or that vested as a result of the consummation of the Merger) was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount of cash (without interest) equal to   $21.47   per share underlying such restricted stock unit. 
    
  Additionally, all of the equity awards originally granted by Cascade Microtech which were outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the consummation of the merger (and that did not vest as a result of the consummation of the merger) were assumed by us on substantially the same terms at the Effective Time, except that the number of shares of our common stock that underlie the assumed award and the exercise price of any assumed option were determined pursuant to a formula intended to preserve the intrinsic value of the original award, resulting in the assumption of stock options exercisable for an aggregate of   152,276   shares of our common stock and restricted stock units representing   777,444   shares of our common stock as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the stock options assumed was determined using a Black-Scholes valuation model with market-based assumptions. The fair value of the restricted stock units assumed was   $8.92   per unit, based on the FormFactor closing stock price on June 24, 2016. The fair value of unvested equity awards relating to future services, and not  
  
    9 

yet earned, will be recorded as operating expense over the remaining service periods. Option pricing models require the use of highly subjective market assumptions, including expected stock price volatility, which if changed can materially affect fair value estimates. See Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Stockholder s Equity,   for further details. 
    
  The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic No. 805,   Business Combinations,   with FormFactor treated as the acquirer. The acquired assets and liabilities of Cascade Microtech were recorded at their respective fair values including an amount for goodwill representing the difference between the acquisition consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets. As a result of the acquisition, Cascade Microtech shares ceased to trade on the NASDAQ Global Market effective June 24, 2016. 
    
  The total acquisition consideration of    $325.1   million, net of cash acquired of   $40.7 million   was determined based on the terms of the Merger Agreement which consisted of the a) payment of   $255.9   million in cash to former shareholders of Cascade Microtech, b) issuance of   10,450,189   shares of FormFactor's common stock to former shareholders of Cascade Microtech which was valued at the closing market price of   $8.92   per share on June 24, 2016 and amounted to   $93.2 million   in the aggregate, c) payment of   $12.8 million   at the commencement of the third quarter of fiscal 2016, in cash, to Cascade Microtech outstanding and vested equity award holders, and d)   $3.9 million   attributable to the fair value of the assumed unvested equity awards for services performed by Cascade Microtech employees for the period leading up to the effective date of the acquisition.  
    
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , we incurred approximately   $0.4 million   and   $6.3 million  , respectively, in transaction costs related to the acquisition, which primarily consisted of investment banking, legal, accounting and valuation-related expenses. These expenses were recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  Our consolidated financial statements as of   September 24, 2016   included the condensed consolidated balance sheet of Cascade Microtech as of   September 24, 2016   whereas our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   included the financial results of Cascade Microtech only for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We excluded the financial results of Cascade Microtech for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as the one-day stub period between the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 and the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2016 on June 25, 2016 was immaterial. 
    
  To finance a portion of the acquisition consideration, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders to provide a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate amount of   $150 million  . See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt,   for further details.  
    
  The acquisition price was allocated to the tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the closing date of the acquisition based upon their respective fair values. Asset categories acquired included working capital, long-term assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets, including in-process research and development ("IPR D"). The allocation of the acquisition price has been prepared on a preliminary basis and changes to that allocation may occur as additional information becomes available. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s best estimates and assumptions as of the reporting date and are considered preliminary pending finalization of valuation analyses pertaining to intangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax liabilities assumed including calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes to amounts recorded as assets or liabilities may result in corresponding adjustments to goodwill, recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes to release of valuation allowance during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). Any such revisions or changes may be material as we finalize the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

10 

The table below summarizes the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in thousands): 

The intangible assets as of the closing date of the acquisition included (in thousands):  

Indications of fair value of the intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition were determined using either the income, market or replacement cost methodologies. The intangible assets are being amortized over periods which reflect the pattern in which economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized. Order backlog is expected to be fully amortized by the second quarter of fiscal 2017.  
    
  Identifiable intangible assets 
    
  Developed technology acquired primarily consist of Cascade Microtech s existing technologies related to manufacturing wafer testing stations (150mm, 200mm, 300 mm), thermal chuck systems used in wafer testing stations for testing wafers at specific temperatures, engineering and production probes used in testing wafers as well as reliability test systems. A Multi-Period Excess Earnings (MPEE) Method was used to value the developed technologies. Along with the cash flow forecast associated with each developed technology, other key assumptions in MPEE method are remaining life of technology, technology migration pattern (or technology decay curve), level of R D required to maintain the technology, discount rate and applicable tax rate. Using this approach, the estimated fair values were calculated using expected future cash flows from specific products discounted to their net present values at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return that resulted in a value of  $91.1 million   and will be amortized over their useful lives. 
    
  Customer relationships represent the fair value of future projected revenues that will be derived from the sale of products to existing customers of the acquired company. The fair value of the customer relationships is determined based on the With and Without Method and resulted in a value of   $23.2 million   which will be amortized over their useful lives. The With and Without Method is appropriate for valuing non-primary customer-related assets for which reasonable estimates can be made for both the time and resources required to recreate those assets, as well as the economic impact over the period of time in which  
  
    11 

the assets are recreated. The Without scenario incorporates lost revenue and lost profits over the period necessary to retain the asset. Key assumptions in this valuation are attrition rate, time to recreate customer relationships, composition of costs into fixed versus variable costs, tax rates and discount rates.  
    
  Trade names and trademarks are considered a type of guarantee of a certain level of quality or performance represented by the brands owned including the Cascade Microtech brand. Trade names and trademarks were valued using the  relief-from-royalty income  approach. This method is based on the assumption that in lieu of ownership, a market participant would be willing to pay a royalty in order to exploit the related benefits of this asset. Key assumptions involved in valuation of trade names include royalty rate, expected utilization of the trade names, tax rates and discount rates. The value of the trade names acquired was determined to be   $7.6 million   and will be amortized over their useful lives. 
    
  IPR D represents the estimated fair values of incomplete Cascade Microtech research and development projects that had not reached commercialization stage and meet the criteria for recognition as IPR D as described in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants IPR D guide as of the date of the acquisition. In the future, the fair value of each project at the acquisition date will be either amortized or impaired depending on whether the projects are completed or abandoned. The fair value of IPR D was determined using the MPEE method. For IPR D, costs to complete the project and expected commercialization timeline are considered as key assumptions. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the IPR D less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. The value of the IPR D was determined to be   $12.4 million   and the amortization will commence upon completion of the IPR D projects. 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  The excess of purchase price over the fair value amounts assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed represents the amount of goodwill resulting from the acquisition. We believe the factors that contributed to goodwill include synergies that are specific to our consolidated business such as cost savings and operational efficiencies and the acquisition of a talented workforce that expands our expertise in business development and commercializing semiconductor test products, none of which qualify for recognition as a separate intangible asset. We do not expect any portion of this goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill attributable to the acquisition has been recorded as a non-current asset and is not amortized, but is subject to an annual review for impairment.  
    
  The goodwill arising from the acquisition was preliminarily allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair values of the expected incremental cash flows that the acquisition is expected to provide to each reporting unit within our reportable segments. The allocation of goodwill, which was prepared on a preliminary basis, may be subject to changes as additional information becomes available as the allocation was based on estimates and assumptions made by management at the time of acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  
    
  Operating and reporting segments, and reporting units  
    
  Upon acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we re-evaluated our     operating and reportable segments as well as our reporting units for goodwill impairment consideration in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topics Nos. 280,   Segment Reporting   and 350,   Intangibles-Goodwill and Other  . See Note 20 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Operating Segments,   for further details.  
    
  Pro forma consolidated results of operations  
    
  The following unaudited pro forma results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   presents the combined results of operations of FormFactor and Cascade Microtech as if the acquisition had been completed at the beginning of fiscal 2015. The pro forma information includes adjustments to amortization and depreciation for intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, adjustments to stock-based compensation expense, interest expense for the incremental indebtedness incurred, and interest income for the cash paid in connection with the transaction. The pro forma results for the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015   include non-recurring adjustments related to deferred tax asset valuation allowance release of   $43.9 million   which increases pro-forma net income, and acquisition-related transaction costs of   $14.3 million   and restructuring charges of   $6.9 million   which decreases pro-forma net income.  
    
  The pro forma results also include utilization of the net increase in the cost basis of acquired inventory and acquisition related expenses. The pro forma data are for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisition actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2015 and  
  
    12 

2016 or of the results of future operations of the combined business. Consequently, actual results may differ from the unaudited pro forma information presented below (in thousands, except per share data): 

Note 4       Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
    
  Goodwill recorded from the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 was   $157.8 million   as of   September 24, 2016  . The Company determined the total consideration paid for its acquisition of Cascade Microtech as well as the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s best estimates and assumptions as of the reporting date and are considered preliminary pending finalization of valuation analyses pertaining to intangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax liabilities assumed including calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes to amounts recorded as assets or liabilities may result in corresponding adjustments to goodwill, recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes to release of valuation allowance during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). Any such revisions or changes may be material as we finalize the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  Goodwill recorded from the acquisition of MicroProbe Inc. on October 16, 2012 was   $30.7 million   as of   September 24, 2016   and remained unchanged from the amounts recorded as of   December 26, 2015  .  
    
  The Company has not recorded any historical goodwill impairments as of   September 24, 2016  .  
    
  The changes in intangible assets during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and the net book value of intangible assets as of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

(1 
    ) 
    Excludes fully amortized intangible assets 

Intangible asset additions during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   related to Cascade Microtech acquisition-see Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  

13 

The IPR D intangible assets are classified as indefinite lived assets that are not currently subject to amortization but are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The IPR D assets will be subject to amortization upon completion of their respective research projects and when commercialization begins. The fair value assigned to IPR D assets was determined using the MPEE approach based on estimates and judgments regarding risks inherent in the development process, including the likelihood of achieving technological success and market acceptance. If an IPR D project is abandoned, the acquired technology attributable to the project will be written-off. 
  For the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , amortization expense of   $17.8 million   and   $2.1 million   were included in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. For the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , amortization expense of   $22.0 million   and   $3.4 million   were included in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively.  
  For the   three months ended     September 26, 2015  , amortization expense of   $2.7 million   and   $0.7 million   were included in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. For the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , amortization expense of   $7.8 million   and   $2.0 million   were included in cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively.  
  Based on the carrying values of the intangible assets recorded as of   September 24, 2016   and assuming no subsequent additions to or impairment of the underlying assets, the remaining estimated annual amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands): 

As of the Effective Date of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we began operating under new reportable segments consisting of Probe Cards Segment and Systems Segment. See Note 20 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Operating Segments,   for further details. The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by reportable segments, for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , applying the segment changes as of June 24, 2016, which was the date when we acquired Cascade Microtech.  

Note 5       Debt 
    
  Senior Secured Term Loan Facility  
    
  Long-term debt as of   September 24, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

14 

On June 24, 2016, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with HSBC Bank USA, National Association ("HSBC"), as administrative agent, co-lead arranger, sole bookrunner and syndication agent, other lenders that may from time-to-time be a party to the Credit Agreement, and certain guarantors. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the lenders have provided us with a senior secured term loan facility of   $150 million   (the  Term Loan ). The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to finance a portion of the purchase price paid in connection with the Cascade Microtech acquisition and to pay related bank fees and expenses.  
    
  The Term Loan bears interest at a rate equal to, at our option, (i) the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") rate plus   2.00%   per annum or (ii) Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus   1.00%   per annum. We have initially elected to pay interest at   2.00%   over the one-month LIBOR rate. Interest payments are payable in quarterly installments over a   five  -year period. The Term Loan will amortize in equal quarterly installments, beginning June 30, 2016, in an annual amount equal to   5%   for year one,   10%   for year two,   20%   for year three,   30%   for year four and   35%   for year five.  
    
  On July 25, 2016, we entered into an interest-rate swap agreement with HSBC and other lenders to hedge the interest payments on our Term Loan entered into on June 24, 2016.  See Note 19 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Derivative Financial Instruments,   for further details. 
    
  The obligations under the Term Loan are and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries and are secured by a perfected first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of those guarantors, subject to certain customary exceptions. See Note 18 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Commitments and Contingencies,   for a schedule of our principal and interest payment commitments under the Term Loan. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains negative covenants customary for financing of this type, including covenants that place limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the creation of liens, the payment of dividends; dispositions; fundamental changes, including mergers and acquisitions; loans and investments; sale leasebacks; negative pledges; transactions with affiliates; changes in fiscal year; sanctions and anti-bribery laws and regulations, and modifications to charter documents in a manner materially adverse to the Lenders. The Credit Agreement also contains affirmative covenants and representations and warranties customary for financing of this type. 
    
  In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial maintenance covenants requiring, at the end of, and for, each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, beginning as of June 30, 2016, (a) a ratio of total debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") not in excess of   2.75   to 1.00, stepping down to   2.50   to 1.00 at the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2017; and (b) a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than   1.50   to 1.00, stepping down to   1.30   to 1.00 at the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2018 and to   1.20   to 1.00 at the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2019. As of   September 24, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all of the financial covenants under the senior secured term loan facility.  
    
  The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, failure to comply with covenants, material inaccuracy of representation or warranty, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, change of control, certain material Employee Retirement Security Act ("ERISA") events and cross event of default and cross-acceleration in respect of other material debt. 
    
  The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2016. 

Note 6       Restructuring Charges 
    
  Restructuring charges are comprised of costs related to employee termination benefits.  
    
  During the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , we recorded approximately   $0.1 million   of severance charges as a result of the consolidation of our operations. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , we recorded approximately   $0.6 million   of severance charges and   $0.3 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the modification of certain equity-based awards as a result of the consolidation of our operations. In addition, in the same period, we also recorded approximately   $5.4 million   of severance charges and   $0.7 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the acceleration of certain equity-based awards of certain executives of Cascade Microtech who were terminated upon our  
  
    15 

acquisition of Cascade Microtech and in accordance with their contractual change of control agreements. The cash payments associated with the restructuring activities are expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2017.  
    
  Restructuring charges recorded during the   three months ended     September 26, 2015   were insignificant. During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately   $0.5 million   relating to the modification of an equity-based award. 
    
  The activities in the restructuring accrual for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

The activities in the restructuring accrual for the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

Note 7   Fair Value    
  Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  We measure and report certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, agency securities and derivatives comprised of foreign currency forward contracts and interest-rate swap contracts (see Note 19 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Derivative Financial Instruments  , for further details).  
    
  Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 24, 2016   were as follows (in thousands):  

16 

Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 24, 2016   were as follows (in thousands):  

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   December 26, 2015   was as follows (in thousands): 

The Level 1 assets consist of our money market fund deposits. The Level 2 assets consist of our available-for-sale investment portfolio, which are valued utilizing a market approach. Our investments are priced by pricing vendors who provided observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant judgment. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. Our broker-priced investments are labeled as Level 2 investments because fair values of these investments are based on similar assets without applying significant judgments. In addition, all of our investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments.  
  Derivative liabilities include foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap contracts. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts represents the estimated amount required to settle the contracts using current market exchange rates, and is based on the current foreign currency exchange rates and forward points. The fair value of interest rate swaps is estimated based on valuation models that use interest rate yield curves as inputs. The inputs used to estimate the fair value of the Company's derivatives are classified as Level 2. 
  We did not have any transfers of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis to or from Level 1 and Level 2 during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  . 
  Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
    
   We measure and report goodwill and intangible assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis if we determine these assets to be impaired or in the period when we make a business acquisition. Refer to Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements-  Goodwill and Intangible Assets  , for further details. The only assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   related to the Cascade Acquisition. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details. There were no assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  .   

Note 8   Marketable Securities 
    
  We classify our marketable securities as available-for-sale. All marketable securities represent the investment of funds available for current operations, notwithstanding their contractual maturities. Such marketable securities are recorded at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until realized. 

17 

Marketable securities at   September 24, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Marketable securities at   December 26, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The marketable securities with gross unrealized losses have been in a loss position for less than twelve months as of   September 24, 2016   and   December 26, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary impairment, we review factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below the amortized cost basis, current market liquidity, interest rate risk, financial condition of the issuer, and credit rating downgrades. We believe that the unrealized losses are not other-than-temporary and anticipate recovering the full cost of the securities either as market conditions improve or as the securities mature. 
    
  Contractual maturities of marketable securities as of   September 24, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

There were no realized gains and losses on sales and maturities of marketable securities during the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 9   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
    
  A reconciliation of the changes in our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, is as follows (in thousands): 

18 

Note 10   Inventories 
    
  Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Note 11   Warranty 
    
  A reconciliation of the changes in our warranty liability for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively, is as follows (in thousands): 

Note 12   Long-lived Assets 
    
  Long-lived Assets 
    
  Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 

During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we ceased using fully depreciated assets with an acquired cost of   $1.1 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  Refer to Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Goodwill and Intangible Assets   for further details relating to our intangible long-lived assets. 

Note 13   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) includes foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized losses on derivative instruments and unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax, the impact of which has been excluded from earnings and reflected as components of stockholders' equity as shown below (in thousands): 
  
    19 

Note 14   Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Common Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  On April 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to   $25.0 million   of outstanding common stock on the open market and which expired on April 15, 2016. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , we did not repurchase any shares under this program. During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we repurchased   873,162   shares of common stock for approximately   $7.0 million  . 
    
  Repurchased shares are retired upon the settlement of the related trade transactions. Our policy related to repurchases of our common stock is to charge the excess of cost over par value to additional paid-in capital. All repurchases were made in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
  Restricted Stock Units 
    
  Restricted stock unit (RSU) activity under our equity incentive plan during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   is set forth below: 

On June 24, 2016, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Cascade Microtech, we granted   777,444   RSUs with a total grant date fair value of approximately   $6.9 million  , of which approximately   $3.6 million   was attributable to the fair value of the assumed unvested RSUs for services performed by Cascade Microtech employees for the period leading up to the effective date of the acquisition and which was included as part of the purchase price consideration. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  On August 19, 2016, we issued   155,000   RSUs to   six   senior executives which will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on a metric called our Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for the period from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2016. The total stock-based compensation cost of approximately   $1.7 million   will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period. 
    
  On May 2, 2016, we issued   40,000   RSUs to a senior executive which will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on a metric called our TSR for the period from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2016. The total stock-based compensation cost of approximately   $0.3 million   will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period. 
    
  On May 28, 2015, we issued   195,000   RSUs to   seven   senior executives of our company that will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on a metric called our TSR for the period from April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2017 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S P Semiconductor Select Industry Index  
  
    20 

(FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2015. The total stock-based compensation cost of approximately   $1.5 million   will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period. 
    
  On May 5, 2014, we issued   350,000   RSUs to seven senior executives of our company that will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on our TSR for the period from April 1, 2014 to March 31, 2016 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2014. Upon the review of the market performance criteria on April 4, 2016, our Compensation Committee certified a total earn out of   328,600   RSUs which immediately vested as of that date. 
    
  The total fair value of RSUs vested during the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was   $1.3 million   and   $11.7 million  , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested during the three months ended   September 26, 2015   was insignificant and the total fair value of RSUs vested during the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015   was   $17.5 million  . 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  On June 24, 2016, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Cascade Microtech, we granted   152,276   stock options with a total grant date fair value of approximately   $0.8 million  , of which approximately   $0.3 million   was attributable to the fair value of the assumed unvested options for services performed by Cascade Microtech employees for the period leading up to the effective date of the acquisition and which was included as part of the purchase price consideration.  See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we granted   450,000   stock options to our Chief Executive Officer (in February 2015) with a grant-date fair value of approximately   $1.7 million   which will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense ratably over the service period. The following weighted average assumptions were used in the estimated grant-date fair value calculations using the Black-Scholes option pricing model: 
                   Stock Options: 
      
      Dividend yield 
      
    % 
      Expected volatility 
    47.5 
    % 
      Risk-free interest rate 
    1.57 
    % 
      Expected term (in years) 
    5.52 

Note 15   Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We account for all stock-based compensation to employees and directors, including grants of RSUs and stock options, as stock-based compensation costs based on the fair value measured as of the date of grant. These costs are recognized as an expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income over the requisite service period.  
    
  The table below shows stock-based compensation charges included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands): 

During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , we recorded approximately   $0.3 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the modification of certain equity-based awards as a result of the consolidation of our operations. In addition, we also recorded approximately   $0.7 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the acceleration of  
  
    21 

certain equity-based awards of an executive of Cascade Microtech who was terminated upon our acquisition of Cascade Microtech and in accordance with his contractual change of control agreement with Cascade Microtech.  
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately   $0.5 million   relating to the modification of an equity-based award.  
    
  We classified these stock-based compensation expenses as restructuring-related expenses. Refer to Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Restructuring Charges   for further details. 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
  Under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), the offering periods are 12 months commencing on February 1 of each calendar year and ending on January 31 of the subsequent calendar year, and a six-month fixed offering period commencing on August 1 of each calendar year and ending on January 31 of the subsequent calendar year. The 12 month offering period consists of two six-month purchase periods and the six-month offering period consists of one six-month purchase period. The price of the common stock purchased is   85%   of the lesser of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the last day of each purchase period. 
    
  During the three months ended   September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we issued   253,696   and   262,788   ESPP shares. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we issued   557,281   and   565,493   ESPP shares, respectively.  
    
  The following weighted-average assumptions were used in estimating the fair value of employees' purchase rights under our approved employee stock purchase plans: 

Unrecognized Compensation Costs 
    
  At   September 24, 2016  , the unrecognized stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, was as follows (in thousands):  

Note 16   Net Income (Loss) per Share 
    
  Basic net income (loss) per share for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   was computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015   was computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period because the inclusion of any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Diluted net income per share for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was computed by dividing net income by the diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding during that period.  
  
    22 

A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share is as follows (in thousands): 

The following securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Note 17   Income Taxes 
    
  We recorded an income tax provision of   $50 thousand   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and an income tax benefit of   $43.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , and an income tax provision of   $0.2 million   and   $0.4 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , respectively. The income tax benefit for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily due to the release of valuation allowance on a portion of our deferred tax assets ("DTAs").  In connection with our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016, deferred tax liabilities ("DTLs") were established on the acquired identifiable intangible assets. These DTLs exceeded the acquired DTAs by approximately   $43.9 million   and created additional sources of income to realize a tax benefit for a portion of our DTAs. As such, authoritative guidance under United States GAAP requires the impact on the acquiring company's deferred tax assets and liabilities caused by an acquisition be recorded in the acquiring company's financial statements outside of acquisition accounting. Accordingly, the valuation allowance on a portion of our DTAs was released and resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately   $43.9 million  . 

Note 18   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Contractual Commitments 
  We lease facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2024. The facilities generally require us to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or limited rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, we use the date of initial possession to begin amortization. We have the option to extend or renew many of our leases, the exercise of which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.  
  Purchase obligations are primarily for purchases of inventory and manufacturing related service contracts. Purchase obligations are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.  
  
    23 

Our contractual obligations and commitments have not materially changed as of   September 24, 2016   from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 26, 2015  , apart from Cascade Microtech's lease and purchase obligations which are disclosed below as of   September 24, 2016  , and apart from those arising as a result of the financing of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
   
                                (1) 
    Purchase order commitments primarily represent open orders for inventory and capital expenditures. 

In addition to the obligations disclosed in the table above, our contractual obligations as of   September 24, 2016   include our commitments under the senior secured term loan facility, as disclosed below. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt   for further details. 

*   Represents our minimum interest payment commitments at   2.00%   per annum 
    
  Environmental Matters 
    
  We are subject to U.S. Federal, State, local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the clean-up of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We believe that we comply in all material respects with the environmental laws and regulations that apply to us, including those of the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District, the City of Livermore Water Resources Division, County of Santa Clara Department of Environmental Health, County of San Diego Hazardous Materials Division and Encino Water District, and the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health. We did not receive any notices of violations of environmental laws and regulations during the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , or in our fiscal 2015. In the future, we may receive notices of violations of environmental regulations, or otherwise learn of such violations. Environmental contamination or violations may negatively impact our business. 
  Indemnification Arrangements 
  We have entered, and may from time to time in the ordinary course of our business enter, into contractual arrangements with third parties that include indemnification obligations. Under these contractual arrangements, we have agreed to defend, indemnify and/or hold the third party harmless from and against certain liabilities. These arrangements include indemnities in favor of customers in the event that our products or services infringe a third party's intellectual property or cause property or other indemnities in favor of our lessors in connection with facility leasehold liabilities that we may cause. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers, and our bylaws contain indemnification obligations in favor of our directors, officers and agents. These indemnity arrangements may limit the type of the claim, the total amount that we can be required to pay in connection with the indemnification obligation and the time within which an indemnification claim can be made. The duration of the indemnification obligation may vary, and for most arrangements, survives the agreement term and is indefinite. We believe that substantially all of our indemnity arrangements provide either for limitations on the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make, or for limitations on the types of claims and damages we could be obligated to indemnify, or both. However, it is not possible to determine or reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnification obligations due to the varying terms of such obligations, a lack of history of prior indemnification claims, the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular contractual arrangement and in each potential future claim for indemnification, and the contingency of any potential liabilities  
  
    24 

upon the occurrence of events that are not reasonably determinable. We have not had any material requests for indemnification under these arrangements. We have not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification arrangements on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 24, 2016  . 
  Legal Matters 
    
  From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We identify below in "Other Litigation" legal proceedings which (i) includes allegations that could potentially result in a material legal proceeding, or (ii) could result in material costs to defend the proceedings through trial. In the future we may become a party to additional legal proceedings that may require us to spend significant resources, including proceedings designed to protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of outcome. 
    
  On April 8, 2016, an individual plaintiff filed a putative class action lawsuit on behalf of Cascade Microtech's shareholders against Cascade Microtech, its directors, FormFactor and Cascade Merger Sub, in connection with Cascade Microtech and FormFactor entering into a merger agreement. The lawsuit, captioned   Solak v. Cascade Microtech, Inc., et al.  , No. 16CV11809, was filed in Multnomah County Circuit Court in the State of Oregon.  
    
  The   Solak   lawsuit alleges that the individual members of Cascade Microtech s board of directors breached their fiduciary duties owed to Cascade Microtech s shareholders by approving the proposed merger for inadequate consideration; approving the merger to obtain unique benefits not shared equally with Cascade Microtech s other shareholders; failing to take steps to maximize the value paid to Cascade Microtech shareholders; failing to take steps to ensure a fair process leading up to the proposed merger; and agreeing to preclusive deal protection devices in the merger agreement. The lawsuit also alleges claims against FormFactor and one of its subsidiaries for aiding and abetting the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by the individual members of Cascade Microtech s board of directors. In the   Solak   lawsuit, the plaintiff has sought, among other things, rescission of the merger, plaintiff s attorney s fees and costs, and other relief. 
    
  Under a memorandum of understanding signed by the parties and filed with the court in the   Solak   case, Cascade Microtech and FormFactor agreed with the plaintiff s counsel to supplement the disclosures made in connection with the merger. The supplemental disclosures were made on June 14, 2016.  Under the memorandum of understanding, the parties to the   Solak   lawsuit agreed to use their collective best efforts to obtain final approval of the proposed settlement and the dismissal of the   Solak   litigation with prejudice. Subject to completion of certain confirmatory discovery by counsel to the plaintiff, the memorandum of understanding contemplates that the parties will enter into a stipulation of settlement. The stipulation of settlement will be subject to customary conditions, including court approval following notice to Cascade Microtech s former shareholders within the proposed class.  
    
  In addition, in connection with the settlement, the parties contemplate that plaintiff s counsel in the   Solak   lawsuit will file a petition in the Oregon court for an award of attorneys  fees and expenses. Cascade Microtech will pay any attorneys  fees and expenses awarded by the Oregon court. There can be no assurance that the parties will ultimately enter into a stipulation of settlement or that the Oregon court will approve the settlement even if the parties were to enter into such stipulation. In such event, the proposed settlement as contemplated by the memorandum of understanding may be terminated.  
    
  Other Litigation  
    
  In August 2013, a former employee filed a class action lawsuit against the Company in the Superior Court of California, alleging violations of California s wage and hour laws and unfair business practices on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated current and former employees at the Company s Livermore facilities from August 21, 2009, to the present. On January 4, 2016, the court certified the plaintiff class. The lawsuit is currently proceeding with merits discovery. The Company denies the allegations contained in the lawsuit, and, based on available information, believes it has significant defenses to the allegations of the lawsuit.  

Note 19   Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  Foreign Currency Derivatives 
    
  We operate and sell our products in various global markets. As a result, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against future movements in foreign exchange rates that  
  
    25 

affect certain existing foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Under this program, our strategy is to have increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with foreign currency transaction gains or losses. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. For accounting purposes, our foreign currency forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments as defined under ASC 815,   Derivatives and Hedging.   We record the fair value of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet with changes in fair value recorded within    Other income (expense), net    in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. 
    
  We also are exposed to changes in interest rates on the interest payments on our Term Loan entered into on June 24, 2016 and we utilize interest rate swap contracts to hedge against future movements in interest rates. For accounting purposes, our interest-rate swap contracts are designated as hedging instruments as defined under ASC 815  .   See   Interest Rate Swaps   below for further details. 
    
  The following table provides information about our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of   September 24, 2016   (in thousands):  

The contracts were entered into during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 will mature during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Our foreign currency contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using pricing models that utilize observable market inputs.  
    
  The location and amount of losses related to non-designated derivative instruments that matured in the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations are as follows (in thousands): 

Interest Rate Swaps 
    
  Pursuant to our interest rate and risk management strategy, on July 25, 2016, we entered into an interest-rate swap agreement with HSBC and other lenders to hedge the interest payments on our Term Loan entered into on June 24, 2016. The Term Loan has a LIBOR based floating interest rate and matures on March 31, 2021. As future levels of LIBOR over the life of the loan are uncertain, we entered into these interest-rate swap agreements to hedge the exposure in interest rate risks associated with movement in LIBOR rates. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt,   for further details of the Term Loan.  

26 

For accounting purposes, the interest-rate swap contracts qualified and were designated as cash flow hedges as defined under ASC 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  . All hedging relationships are formally documented, and the hedges are designed to offset changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. We recognize derivative instruments from hedging activities as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and measure them at fair value on a quarterly basis. We record changes in the effective portion of our cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, until the forecasted transaction occurs. Amounts expected to be reclassified from other comprehensive income into earnings in the next twelve months are approximately   $0.2 million  . We evaluate hedge effectiveness at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, and record any ineffective portion of the hedge in   Other income (expense), net  , in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.   No   hedge ineffectiveness was recorded for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  . The cash flows associated with the interest rate swaps are reported in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
    
  The estimated fair value of the interest rate swaps was   $(0.2) million   as of   September 24, 2016  , and this amount was reported as a derivative liability included within the accrued liabilities (current) line on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Note 20 Operating Segments 
  Until the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we operated in   one   reportable segment consisting of   one   operating segment relating to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards. Our chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is our Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company. 
    
  Upon the acquisition of Cascade Microtech (See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details), we re-evaluated our CODM's decision process for allocating resources and assessing performance for the company and determined that we now operate in   two   reportable segments consisting of the Probe Cards Segment and Systems Segment, and   three   operating segments consisting of FormFactor Probes, Cascade Microtech Probes and Systems. These three operating segments have been aggregated into two reportable segments as noted above based on common economic and qualitative characteristics. 
  For the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, until and up to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we concluded that we had one reporting unit, which relates to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards. Upon the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we now believe that we have   four   reporting units consisting of FormFactor Probes, Cascade Microtech Probes, Systems, and Advanced Temperature Test Systems GmbH ("ATT").  
  Long-lived assets, comprising of net property, plant and equipment, goodwill and net intangibles assets are not disclosed by geographic location as our CODM does not review these assets in order to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire combined company. 
  The following table summarizes the operating results by reportable segments for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   (in thousands, except percentages): 

27 

The following table summarizes the operating results by reportable segments for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015   (in thousands, except percentages): 

Operating results provide useful information to our management for assessment of our performance and results of operations. Certain components of our operating results are utilized to determine executive compensation along with other measures. 
  Corporate and other includes unallocated expenses relating to amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, including charges related to inventory stepped up to fair value, and other costs, which are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our reportable segments. Acquisition-related costs include transaction costs and any costs directly related to the acquisition and integration of acquired businesses. 

Note 21   Business Interruption Insurance Claim Recovery 
    
   During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we received approximately   $1.5 million   as a result of a payment from our insurer arising from a business interruption insurance claim related to a factory fire at a customer during the second half of fiscal 2013. We recorded this cash receipt within    Other income (expense), net    in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  
    28 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, our business strategy (including anticipated trends and developments in, and management plans for, our business and the markets in which we operate), financial results, operating results, revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, products, projected costs and capital expenditures, research and development programs, sales and marketing initiatives and competition. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as "may," "might," "will," "could," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "intend" and "continue," the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology.  
    
  The forward-looking statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and our projections about future events. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We have no obligation to update any of these statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include the matters discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 26, 2015   and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should carefully consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described under these sections. 
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms  we,   our,   us  and  FormFactor  refer to FormFactor, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 
  We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support advanced semiconductor probe card products, and are the largest supplier worldwide of those products. With our acquisition of Cascade Microtech Inc. ("Cascade Microtech"), we also design, develop, manufacture and market advanced wafer probing, thermal and reliability solutions for the electrical measurement and testing of semiconductor devices.  
  On June 24, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon. Our condensed consolidated financial statements as of   September 24, 2016   included the condensed consolidated balance sheet of Cascade Microtech as of   September 24, 2016   whereas our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   included the financial results of Cascade Microtech only for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We excluded the financial results of Cascade Microtech for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as the one-day stub period between the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 and the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2016 on June 25, 2016 was immaterial. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  Therefore, our consolidated financial results for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   may not be directly comparable to our consolidated financial results for the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015   due to the inclusion of Cascade Microtech s pre-acquisition financial results for the third quarter of our fiscal 2016. 
   To finance a portion of the Cascade Microtech acquisition consideration, we entered into a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate amount of $150 million. We also entered into an interest-rate swap agreement to hedge the interest payments on our term loan. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt,   for further details  .   Also     See   Contractual Obligations and Commitments   in this section of the   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   for further details of our contractual commitments as of   September 24, 2016  . 
  We generated net income of   $8.9 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016   as compared to a net loss of   $0.9 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2015  . The increase in the net income was primarily due to the release of valuation allowance on a portion of our deferred tax assets as a result of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $43.9 million as well as additional post-acquisition revenues and associated net income generated from Cascade Microtech's operations during the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , which was partially offset by higher restructuring expenses, transaction and integration costs related to our acquisition activities, acquisition-related amortization charges and  
  
    29 

other operational expenses in the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.  
    
  Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and restricted cash totaled approximately   $108.0 million   as of   September 24, 2016  , as compared to approximately   $188.0 million   at   December 26, 2015  . The decrease was primarily due to the consideration paid for the acquisition of Cascade Microtech partially offset by the $150 million term loan used to partially fund the acquisition. We believe we will meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry downturn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline in future periods. 
    
  Summary of Segments and Products  
    
  Subsequent to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we determined that we now operate in two reportable segments consisting of Probe Cards Segment and Systems Segment.  
    
  Probe Cards Segment 
    
  Our Probe Cards Segment consists of probe card products which are used in the semiconductor manufacturing industry to perform wafer test (also known as wafer sort), which is the testing of the semiconductor die, or chips, while those die are still constituted on the semiconductor wafer. Wafer test enables semiconductor manufacturers to determine whether chips will meet specifications and be saleable before the wafer is diced, and the die are singulated and individually packaged.  
    
  Our probe cards are used to test chips for a variety of end use applications including logic devices, DRAM and flash memory and radio frequency transceivers. In both engineering and production use, the probe card serves as the critical electrical and mechanical interface between the chip(s) being tested and the test instrument that generates the electrical signal used to evaluate the integrated circuit ( IC ) performance. 
    
  Systems Segment 
    
  Our Systems Segment consists of advanced wafer probing, thermal and reliability products to enable precision on-wafer measurement of integrated circuits. Our Systems products are often used in the early phases of the development of semiconductor processes where the accuracy and repeatability of measurements is critical to achieving yield from advanced process nodes. Many of our Systems products are also used in production applications to test semiconductor devices prior to completion of the manufacturing process and include probe stations, thermal subsystems. and reliability test systems.  
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates 
    
  Preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
    
  When we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to the tangible assets, liabilities and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price requires management to make significant estimates in determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets. These estimates are based on information obtained from management of the acquired companies, market participant data and historical experience. These estimates can include, but are not limited to: the time and expenses that would be necessary to recreate the asset; the profit margin a market participant would receive; cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future; and discount rates.   
    
  These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. A change in these estimates could impact our allocation of purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill based on updated estimate information or facts and circumstances existing as of the acquisition date. Following the earlier of 1) receipt of all necessary information to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, or 2) one year from the acquisition date, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 

30 

Management s Discussion and Analysis and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K describe the significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results in these areas could differ from management s estimates. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , there were no significant changes in our critical accounting policies or estimates from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 26, 2015  ,which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2016. 

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth our operating results as a percentage of revenues for the periods indicated: 

Three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  : 
    
  Revenues by Segment 

The increase in Probe Cards Segment revenues for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily due to additional revenues (approximately $18.4 million) generated during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 from sale of probe card products as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016, and strong demand for our foundry   logic and flash products.   
    
  The increase in Probe Cards Segment and Systems Segment revenues for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily due to additional revenues generated during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 from sale of probe cards (approximately $18.4 million) and probe stations, services and thermal sub-systems (approximately $20.6 million) products as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016, and strong demand for our Foundry   Logic products. Prior to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we only operated in the Probe Cards Segment and did not generate any Systems Segment revenue.  
  
    31 

Revenues by Market 
  Our product revenues by market was as follows for the periods indicated: 

For the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , our Foundry   Logic products experienced strong demand across all our applications including microprocessors, radio-frequency, mobile, industrial and automotive. In addition, the overall increase in Foundry   Logic revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was also due to additional revenues generated during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. All of Cascade Microtech's probe card revenues are included in our Foundry and Logic revenues.  
    
   The decrease in our DRAM revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was due to lower probe card demand driven by a volatile DRAM market, as compared to the same periods last year, as DRAM manufacturers continue their technology node transitions. The increase in Flash memory revenues for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   was due to several 3-D NAND design wins on our Vector and TouchMatrix product architectures. The overall decline in Flash memory demand for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was due to reduced demand for our legacy TouchMatrix product. 
    
  The increase in Systems Market revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was due to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016. Prior to the acquisition, we only operated in the Probe Cards Segment and did not generate any Systems Segment revenue. 
    
  Revenues by Geographic Region 
    
  The following table sets forth our revenues by geographic region for the periods indicated: 

_________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Asia-Pacific includes all countries in the region except Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, which are disclosed separately. 

32 

Geographic revenue information is based on the location to which we ship the product. For example, if a certain South Korean customer purchases through their North American subsidiary and requests the products to be shipped to an address in South Korea, this sale will be reflected in the revenue for South Korea rather than North America. 
    
  The overall increase in geographical revenues across the regions except for South Korea was primarily attributable to additional revenues generated in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech and strong demand for our probe stations, services, thermal sub-systems and logic and flash products. South Korea revenues decreased primarily due to a combination of reduced demand for our DRAM products and less demand for our legacy TouchMatrix product used to test NAND Flash devices. 
    
  Cost of Revenues and Gross Margins  
    
  Cost of revenues consists primarily of manufacturing materials, payroll, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing-related overhead and amortization of certain intangible assets. Our manufacturing operations rely on a limited number of suppliers to provide key components and materials for our products, some of which are a sole source. We order materials and supplies based on backlog and forecasted customer orders. Tooling and setup costs related to changing manufacturing lots at our suppliers are also included in the cost of revenues. We expense all warranty costs, inventory provisions and amortization of certain intangible assets as cost of revenues. Cost of revenues was affected primarily by our Cascade Microtech acquisition and additional factors as discussed below.  
    
  Our gross profit and gross margin by segment for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   is as below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Our gross profit and gross margin by segment for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   is as below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Probe Cards 
    
  For the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , gross margin in the Probe Cards Segment increased as a result of the inclusion of the Cascade Microtech acquisition for its product sales, and improvements in overall gross margins driven by a more favorable product mix and improved manufacturing efficiency in our Foundry   Logic factories. 
    
   For the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , gross margins in the Probe Cards Segment decreased as a result of investments made in additional production capacity in our San Jose factory, late delivery fees on probe cards that missed our customer's required delivery date in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and lower DRAM factory utilization in the first half of fiscal 2016. 
  Systems 
    
  For the three and nine months ended   September 24, 2016  , gross margins in the Systems Segment increased due to the inclusion of Cascade's gross margin relating to its product sales as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016. Prior to the acquisition, we operated in the Probe Cards Segment only and did not generate any Systems Segment revenue. 

33 

Overall 
    
  The overall gross profit and gross margin for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   is as below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Gross profit fluctuates with revenue levels, product mix, selling prices, factory loading and material costs. For the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , gross margins decreased when compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year primarily due to the impact of decreased sales for our products resulting in lower first quarter (fiscal 2016) factory utilization, and inclusion of the intangible asset amortization expenses from our Cascade Microtech acquisition. In addition, we made investments in additional production capacity in our San Jose factory in the first half of fiscal 2016 to support a sales increase of our Foundry   Logic probe cards. We also incurred late delivery fees on probe cards that missed our customer's required delivery date in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This impact was partially offset by strong sales and gross margins in our Foundry   Logic products including the sales and gross margins of Foundry   Logic products arising from our acquisition of Cascade Microtech.  
    
  Gross profit included stock-based compensation expense of   $0.7 million   and   $1.7 million   respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , compared to   $0.8 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
    
  Future gross margins may be adversely impacted by lower levels of revenues and lower factory utilization even though we have taken significant steps to reduce our operating cost structure. Our gross margins may also be adversely affected if we are required to record additional inventory provision charges and inventory write-downs if estimated average selling prices of products held in finished goods and work in process inventories are below the manufacturing cost of those products. 
    
  Research and Development 

The increase in the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was primarily due to our Cascade Microtech acquisition resulting in an increase of $4.1 million in employee compensation costs, $1.3 million in project and material costs, $1.0 million in general operating expenses and $0.2 million in depreciation costs.  
    
  The increase in the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was primarily due to our Cascade Microtech acquisition resulting in an increase of $4.1 million in employee compensation costs, $1.3 million in project and material costs, $1.0 million in general operating expenses and $0.1 million in depreciation costs partially offset by a decrease of $0.3 million in stock-based compensation expense.  
    
  Stock-based compensation expense included in research and development expenses was   $0.9 million   and   $2.3 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , compared to   $1.0 million   and   $2.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , respectively. 

34 

Selling, General and Administrative 

The increase in the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was primarily due to our Cascade Microtech acquisition resulting in an increase of $6.1 million in employee compensation costs, $1.4 million in depreciation and amortization charges, $1.2 million in consulting fees, $1.1 in general operating costs, $0.8 in travel related costs, $0.7 million in acquisition costs and $0.2 million in stock-based compensation expense.  
    
  The increase in the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was primarily due to our Cascade Microtech acquisition resulting in an increase of  $6.6 million in acquisition costs, $5.3 million in employee compensation costs, $1.4 million in depreciation and amortization charges, $1.0 million in general operating costs, $0.8 million in travel related costs and $0.2 million in consulting fees, partially offset by a decrease of $0.5 million in stock-based compensation expense.  
    
  Stock-based compensation expense included within selling, general and administrative expenses was   $1.6 million   and   $3.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $1.4 million   and   $4.0 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Restructuring Charges, net    

Restructuring charges, net are comprised of costs related to employee termination benefits.  
    
  During the   three months ended     September 24, 2016  , we recorded approximately   $0.1 million   of severance charges as a result of the consolidation of our operations. During the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , we recorded approximately   $0.6 million   of severance charges and   $0.3 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the modification of certain equity-based awards as a result of the consolidation of our operations. In addition, we also recorded approximately   $5.4 million   of severance charges and   $0.7 million   of stock-based compensation expense relating to the acceleration of certain equity-based awards of certain executives of Cascade Microtech who were terminated upon our acquisition of Cascade Microtech and in accordance with their contractual change of control agreements. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details. The cash payments associated with the restructuring activities are expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2017.  
    
  Restructuring charges recorded during the   three months ended     September 26, 2015   were insignificant. During the   nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately   $0.5 million   relating to the modification of an equity-based award. 

35 

Interest Income, Net and Other Income (Expense), Net    

Interest income, net is primarily earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The increase in interest income, net for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was primarily the result of higher yields on our cash balances. The weighted-average yield on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   was   0.31%   and   0.11%  , and   0.30%   and   0.12%  , respectively. The decline in interest income for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   was due to lower cash balances. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities were   $108.0 million   at   September 24, 2016   compared to $184.3 million at   September 26, 2015   and primarily decreased due to the cash portion of the consideration paid for the acquisition of Cascade Microtech at the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2016.  
    
  Other income (expense), net is comprised primarily of interest expense on our Term Loan and interest-rate swap derivative contracts, term loan issuance costs amortization charges, foreign currency impact and various other gains and losses. The decrease in other income (expense), net for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   when compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was primarily due to approximately $1.1 million of charges related to interest payments on our term loan and interest-rate swap derivative contracts and term loan issuance cost amortization charges. This was partially offset by the receipt of $0.4 million of proceeds from the sale of intellectual property during the three months ended   September 24, 2016  .  
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , we received $1.5 million as a result of a payment from our insurer arising from a business interruption insurance claim related to a factory fire at a customer during the second half of fiscal 2013. In addition, we recognized a net gain of $1.0 million from the sale of intellectual property.  
  Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 

We recorded an income tax provision of   $50 thousand   for the   three months ended     September 24, 2016   and an income tax benefit of   $43.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  , and an income tax provision of   $0.2 million   and   $0.4 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 26, 2015  , respectively. The income tax benefit for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily due to the release of valuation allowance on a portion of our deferred tax assets ("DTAs"). In connection with our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016, deferred tax liabilities ("DTLs") were established on the acquired identifiable intangible assets. These DTLs exceeded the acquired DTAs by approximately   $43.9 million   and created additional sources of income to realize a tax benefit for a portion of our DTAs. As such, authoritative guidance under United States GAAP requires the impact on the acquiring company's deferred tax assets and liabilities caused by an acquisition be recorded in the acquiring company's financial statements outside of acquisition accounting. Accordingly, the valuation allowance on a portion of our DTAs was released and resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately   $43.9 million  . 

36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
     Capital Resources:    Our working capital was   $175.0 million   at   September 24, 2016   and   $214.4 million   at   December 26, 2015  . The decrease in working capital in the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily due to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech. We reduced cash equivalents and marketable securities and increased our current liabilities for the current portion of term loan as part of the consideration paid for Cascade Microtech. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  Cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits held at banks, money market funds and U.S. government agency securities that at the time of purchase had maturities of 90 days or less. Marketable securities consist of U.S. government and agency securities. We typically invest in highly-rated securities with low probabilities of default. Our investment policy requires investments to be rated single-A or better, and limits the types of acceptable investments, issuer concentration and duration of the investment.  
  Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled approximately   $107.4 million   at   September 24, 2016  , as compared to   $187.6 million   at   December 26, 2015  . We believe that we will be able to satisfy our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry down-turn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may decline in fiscal   2016  . 
  We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. As part of these strategies, we indefinitely reinvest a significant portion of our foreign earnings and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these earnings. Should we require additional capital in the United States, we may elect to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds or raise capital in the United States. If we were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds, we would be required to accrue and pay additional United States taxes less applicable foreign tax credits. 
    
    Days Sales Outstanding:    Days sales outstanding from receivables, or DSO, were   58   days at   September 24, 2016   compared with   45   days at   December 26, 2015  . Our DSO calculation is determined using the count back method and is based on gross accounts receivable (including accounts receivable for amounts in deferred revenue). The increase in DSO is primarily due to changes in customer mix as compared to the year ended   December 26, 2015  . 

On June 24, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Cascade Microtech. Our consolidated financial statement as of   September 24, 2016   included the condensed consolidated balance sheet of Cascade Microtech as of   September 24, 2016   whereas our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 24, 2016   included the financial results of Cascade Microtech only for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We excluded the financial results of Cascade Microtech for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 as the one-day stub period between the acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 and the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2016 on June 25, 2016 was deemed immaterial. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for further details.  
    
  Cash flows from operating activities:    Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily attributable to improved operating results and additional revenues generated during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. We had net income of   $8.9 million   and non-cash income of   $8.1 million  , including a deferred income tax benefit of   $43.8 million   as a result of the release of valuation allowance and   $1.8 million   of non-cash foreign currency transaction gains, which was partially offset by   $33.6 million   of depreciation and amortization,   $7.5 million   of stock-based compensation,   $7.0 million   of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization,   $4.4 million   of provision for excess and obsolete inventories and   $1.0 million   of non-cash restructuring charges.  

37 

The net change in operating assets and liabilities for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   resulted in a net use of cash of   $14.5 million  , which was primarily comprised of cash used of   $13.0 million   in accounts receivable from higher sales and slower collections,   $8.7 million   for inventory build, an increase of   $1.3 million   in prepaid expenses and other current assets, payments of   $1.6 million   in income taxes and an increase of   $0.5 million   in deferred revenues. The above use of cash was partially offset by generation of cash of   $10.9 million   in accounts payable driven by payment on vendor obligations. 
    
  The net change in operating assets and liabilities for the nine months ended September 26, 2015 resulted in a net use of cash of $0.5 million, which was primarily comprised of $6.3 million of cash used for inventory build, $2.9 million of cash used in accrued liabilities due to payment of incentive compensation and a decrease of $2.1 million in deferred revenues due to recognition of previously deferred revenues for which the revenue recognition criteria have been met. The above use of cash was offset by cash generation of $8.3 million in accounts receivable from strong collections, $1.2 million in accounts payable driven by payments on vendor obligations, $0.8 million in income tax refunds and a decrease of $0.1 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
    
  Cash flows from investing activities:    Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   was primarily related to   $228.0 million   paid (net of cash acquired) as part of the consideration for the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, purchases of marketable securities totaling   $10.6 million   and cash used in the acquisition of property and equipment of   $8.2 million  , partially offset by   $44.5 million   of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities. We carefully monitor our investments to minimize risks and have not experienced other than temporary investment losses for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016  . 
    
  Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 26, 2015 was primarily related to $49.5 million of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities and $1.2 million of proceeds from the sale of long-lived assets offset by purchases of marketable securities totaling $41.3 million and cash used in the acquisition of property and equipment of $6.6 million.  
    
  Cash flows from financing activities:    Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   primarily related to   $150.0 million   of proceeds from Term Loan debt used to partially fund the acquisition of Cascade Microtech and   $4.0 million   from proceeds received from purchases under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and option exercises, partially offset by   $1.9 million   of principal payments made towards the repayment of our Term Loan and   $1.5 million   used to pay for Term Loan debt issuance costs.  
    
  Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 26, 2015 included $7.0 million used for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock partially offset by $3.4 million from proceeds received from purchases under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and stock option exercises.  
    
  Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities decreased by   $80.2 million   in the   nine months ended     September 24, 2016   primarily due to the cash portion of the consideration paid for the acquisition of Cascade Microtech partially offset by proceeds from the $150 million Term Loan entered into by the Company on June 24, 2016 to fund the acquisition. We continue to focus on improving our operating efficiency to increase operating cash flows. We believe that we will be able to satisfy our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. To the extent necessary, we may also consider entering into short and long-term debt obligations, raising cash through a stock issuance, or obtaining new financing facilities which may not be available on terms favorable to us. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those now planned. However, if we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry down-turn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline in future fiscal quarters. 
   
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
  Our contractual obligations and commitments have not materially changed as of   September 24, 2016   from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 26, 2015  , apart from Cascade Microtech's lease and purchase obligations and contractual obligations under the senior secured term loan facility which are disclosed in Note 18 to the Condensed Consolidated Financials Statements-  Commitments and Contingencies  , each of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Historically, we have not participated in transactions that have generated relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been  
  
    38 

established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of   September 24, 2016  , we were not involved in any such off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-09, "  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting",   which amends Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, "  Compensation - Stock Compensation".   The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements and is effective for us beginning in our fiscal 2017 though early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effects of the adoption of this ASU on our financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  . ASU 2016-02 requires that lease arrangements longer than twelve months result in an entity recognizing an asset and liability. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the updated guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   "Revenue from Contracts with Customers",   and in August 2015 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,    which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Additionally, qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required about customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition methods. This guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in United States GAAP when it becomes effective, which for us will be at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 using one of the two prescribed transition methods. Early adoption of one year prior to the required effective date is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this guidance on our ongoing results and operations as well as in the transition methods prescribed above. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  For financial market risks related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, reference is made to Item 7A:  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  contained in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 26, 2015  . Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since   December 26, 2015  .  
    
  Our exposure to interest rate risk arising from our Term Loan debt (See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt   for further details) is de-minimus as a result of the interest-rate swap agreement (See Note 19 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Derivative Financial Instruments   for further details) that we entered into with HSBC and other lenders to hedge the interest payments on our term loan entered into on June 24, 2016.  

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

39 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) except as described below that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  On June 24, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon and are integrating the acquired business into our overall internal control over financial reporting process. Our management is in the process of assessing the internal control over financial reporting and is implementing or revising internal controls where necessary.  
    
  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
    
  Control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems  objectives are being met. Further, the design of any control systems must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of all controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Control systems can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
    
  CEO and CFO Certifications 
    
  We have attached as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with the Exchange Act. We recommend that this Item 4 be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the subject matter presented.  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings 
    
  The information relating to  Legal Matters  set forth under Note 18 -   Commitments and Contingencies   of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
    
  The following risk factors update and supplement the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2015. These updates pertain to our acquisition of Cascade Microtech on June 24, 2016 and the operation of the acquired business, as described below. See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements -   Acquisition,   for additional information regarding our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. 
    
   If any of the identified risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations, or prospects could be adversely affected. The trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 26, 2015 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about, or that we do not currently believe to be among the most significant risk factors that apply to our business or to our common stock, may also adversely affect our business or our common stock.  

40 

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from our acquisition of Cascade Microtech, which could adversely affect our results of operations and the value of our common stock. 
    
  The success of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining that business with ours. Our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks including: 

* 
      
    whether the combined businesses will perform as expected;  

* 
      
    the possibility that we paid more for the acquisition of Cascade Microtech than the value we will derive from the acquisition; 

* 
      
    the reduction of our cash available for operations and other uses and the incurrence of indebtedness to finance the acquisition; and 

* 
      
    certain known and unknown liabilities of Cascade Microtech. 

If we are unable to successfully integrate Cascade Microtech with our pre-existing business within the anticipated time frame, or at all: (i) the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be fully realized, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected; (ii) the merger may fail to be accretive to our total or per share results on a non-GAAP or GAAP basis to the extent anticipated, or at all, or may take longer to be accretive than expected, or may be dilutive; (iii) the combined businesses may not perform as expected; and (iv) the value of our common stock  may be adversely affected.  
  We and Cascade Microtech operated independently until the consummation of the merger, and there can be no assurances that each company s businesses can be successfully integrated with the other. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of either company s ongoing businesses, unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs, or the overall post-closing integration process takes longer than originally anticipated. Issues that must be addressed to successfully integrate the operations of Cascade Microtech with our operations include: 

* 
      
    combining the companies  sales, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, purchasing, operations and research and development functions; 

* 
      
    integrating the companies  technologies, products and services; 

* 
      
    identifying and eliminating redundant or underperforming operations and assets; 

* 
      
    harmonizing the companies  operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

* 
      
    addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 

* 
      
    consolidating the companies  corporate, administrative and information technology infrastructure; 

* 
      
    coordinating sales, distribution and marketing efforts; 

* 
      
    managing the movement of certain positions to different locations; 

* 
      
    maintaining existing agreements with customers, suppliers and distributors, including with those currently shared by the companies, and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers, suppliers and distributors; and 

41 

* 
      
    coordinating the combined organization across dispersed geographic locations. 

Additionally, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations or other strategic planning, which may disrupt our ongoing business. 
    
  We may have difficulty motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the merger. 
    
  Our employees may experience uncertainty about the effect of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. This uncertainty may impair our ability to retain and motivate key personnel during the integration process, particularly as employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles within the combined business. If key employees depart because of uncertainty or difficulties in integration, we may experience business disruptions and incur significant costs in replacing departing employees. 
    
  Our business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. 
  Parties with whom we and Cascade Microtech do business may experience uncertainty associated with our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. As a result of uncertainty, FormFactor s and Cascade Microtech s business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, suppliers, distributors and others may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with other companies.  
    
  The use of cash and incurrence of substantial indebtedness in connection with the financing of the merger may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, limit our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
  Our acquisition of Cascade Microtech was financed in part by the use of cash on hand and the incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness. As of   September 24, 2016  , we had approximately   $99.9 million   of cash and cash equivalents, approximately   $7.5 million   of short-term investments and   $146.7 million   term loan debt outstanding, net of debt-related issuance costs. In connection with the merger, we entered into a new senior secured term loan facility with an aggregate principal amount of $150 million to finance part of the cash portion of the transaction consideration. Our use of cash on hand and indebtedness to finance the cash portion of the transaction consideration reduced our liquidity. We must generate cash from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for working capital and capital expenditure needs or to pursue other initiatives. The senior secured term loan facility contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain a certain leverage ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to EBITDA and a fixed charge interest ratio. In addition, it also imposes limitations on our ability to incur liens and indebtedness or to pay dividends, make certain investments, or dispose of assets (in each case, subject to customary exceptions). Our ability to comply with these financial and restrictive covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. The indebtedness and restrictive covenants will also have the effect, among other things, of limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, which limits our flexibility in the conduct of our business and makes us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions. In addition, a breach of the financial or restrictive covenants, among other things, could result in an event of default with respect to the senior secured term loan facility, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the obligations under the facility becoming immediately due and payable. 
    
  Our increased foreign operations expose us to additional risks relating to currency fluctuations. 
  Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. We acquired significant business operations located in Germany as part of our acquisition of Cascade Microtech. We also generate a substantial portion of our revenues outside of the United States. Since we incur certain costs in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and have certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

42 

Item 6.   Exhibits 

______________________________________ 
           * 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 
     
    43 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FormFactor, Inc. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Michael M. Ludwig 

Michael M. Ludwig 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

44 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

______________________________________  
           * 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 

45 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 q3201610qexhibit-3101.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.01 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, AS 
  ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael D. Slessor, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FormFactor, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in the quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ MICHAEL D. SLESSOR 

Michael D. Slessor 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer and Director) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 q3201610qexhibit-3102.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.02 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Michael M. Ludwig, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FormFactor, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in the quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG 

Michael M. Ludwig 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 q32016exhibit-3201.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATION OF 
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the period ended   September 24, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each of the undersigned officers of FormFactor, Inc. certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his respective knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of FormFactor, Inc. for the periods presented therein. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ MICHAEL D. SLESSOR 

Michael D. Slessor 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer and Director) 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG 

Michael M. Ludwig 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 form-20160924.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 form-20160924.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 form-20160924_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 form-20160924_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 form-20160924_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 form-20160924_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

