<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1613489_0001078782-16-003811_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>156760</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44542</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>77302</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003811.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115171135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lockbox Link, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001613489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				465441197
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198677
		FILM NUMBER:		162000508

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 W. NYE LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 129
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-353-9199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 W. NYE LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 129
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003811.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 f10q093016_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
   
  FORM 10-Q  
   
    X   .    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 September 30, 2016 
   
 Commission File Number:  333-198677 

LOCKBOX LINK, INC.  
  
    (Name of issuer in its charter)  

Nevada  
         7372  
         46-5441197  
  
    (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
         (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number)  
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
    X   . Yes          . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
           . Yes    X   . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
   
          . Large accelerated filer  
          . Accelerated filer 
   
          . Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
    X   . Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
    X   . Yes          . No 

1 

PART 1  - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements  
   
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.  Operating results for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

2 

Lockbox Link Inc.  
  Condensed Balance Sheet  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

3 

Lockbox Link Inc.  
  Condensed Statement of Operations  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

4 

Lockbox Link Inc.  
  Condensed Statement of Cash Flows  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

5 

Lockbox Link, Inc.  
  Footnotes to the Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
   
  1.  
  Organization and basis of presentation  
   
  LockBox Link, Inc . (the  Company ) is engaged in developing, producing, marketing and selling internet software applications to better facilitate transactions for the real estate industry. The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 10, 2014 with a principal office in Carson City. The Company is in the development stage and is presently undertaking research and development in what will become its core line of products. The Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including failing to secure additional funding to operationalize the Company s current technology and resources. 
   
  Basis of presentation  
   
 The accompanying interim condensed financial statements are unaudited, but in the opinion of management of Lockbox Link, Inc. (the Company), contain all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of operations and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 is derived from the Company s audited financial statements. 
   
 Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, although management of the Company believes that the disclosures contained in these financial statements are adequate to make the information presented therein not misleading. For further information, refer to the financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expense during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
 The results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. 
   
  2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
   
  Development Stage Operations  
   
 The Company has operated as a development stage enterprise since its inception by devoting substantially all of its efforts to scientific research and business development. 
   
  Election to be treated as an emerging growth company  
   
 In 2014, we elected to use the extended transition period now available for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b) (1).  This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.  As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 
   
  Going Concern  
   
 The financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. In this its first year, the Company has incurred a net loss and negative operating cash flow. To the extent the Company may have negative cash flows in the future; it will continue to require additional capital to fund operations. The Company obtained additional capital investments under various debt and common stock issues. Although management continues to pursue its financing plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient revenues to generate positive cash flow. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

6 

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Cash and cash equivalents  
   
 For financial statement presentation purposes, the Company considers all short term investments with a maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
   
  Accounts receivable  
   
 We estimate credit loss reserves for accounts receivable on an individual receivable basis. A specific impairment allowance reserve is established based on expected future cash flows and the financial condition of the debtor. We charge off customer balances in part or in full when it is more likely than not that we will not collect that amount of the balance due. We consider any balance unpaid after the contract payment period to be past due. There are no Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016, or December 31, 2015. 
   
  Recognition of Revenues   
   
 The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards and Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue services are realized or realizable and earned less estimated future doubtful accounts. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: 
   
 (1) 
 Pervasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 
 (2) 
 The services have been rendered and all required milestones achieved; 
 (3) 
 The sale price is fixed or determinable; and 
 (4) 
 Collectability is reasonably assured. 
   
  Related party transactions  
   
 The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include: 
   
 a. 
 Affiliates of the Company; 
 b. 
 Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the  Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; 
 c. 
 Trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; 
 d. 
 Principal owners of the Company; 
 e. 
 Management of the Company; 
 f. 
 Other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and 
 g. 
 Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

7 

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
 The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: 
   
 a. 
 The nature of the relationship involved; 
 b. 
 A description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; 
 c. 
 The dollar amount of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and 
 d. 
 Amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 
   
  Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share  
   
 The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260  Earnings Per Share  which codified SFAS No. 128.  Earnings per Share.  ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per Share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti dilutive. 
   
  Income Tax  
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740  Income Taxes  which codified SFAS 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. 
   
  Commitments and Contingencies.  
   
 The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 
   
 If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

8 

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The three levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1 
   Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 
   Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 
   Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accounts payable approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.  
   
  Risk and Uncertainties  
   
 The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the service industry, including but not limited to litigation, development of new technological innovations and dependence on key personnel. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements.  
   
 The Company has no off balance sheet arrangements. 
   
  Uncertain Tax Positions  
   
 The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to unrecognized income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the periods ended June 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
   
  Stock-based compensation  
   
 ASC 718  Compensation - Stock Compensation  codified SFAS No. 123 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based compensation plans payments award to employees, including employee stock options, restricted stock, employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights, may be classified as either equity or liabilities. The Company should determine if a present obligation to settle the share-based payment transaction in cash or other assets exists. A present obligation to settle in cash or other assets exists if: (a) the option to settle by issuing equity instruments lacks commercial substance or (b) the present obligation is implied because of an entity's past practices or stated policies. If a present obligation exists, the transaction should be recognized as a liability; otherwise, the transaction should be recognized as equity. 
   
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50  Equity - Based Payments to Non-Employees  which codified SFAS 123 and the Emerging Issues Task Force consensus in Issue No. 96-18 ( EITF 96-18 ),  Accounting for Equity Instruments that are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services . Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees shall be based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction should be determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. 

9 

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Issuance of shares for service   
   
 The Company accounts for the issuance of equity instruments to acquire goods and services based on the fair value of the goods and services or the fair value of the equity instrument at the time of issuance, whichever is more reliably measurable. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements ASU 2014-10 eliminate the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders  equity (deficit). The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those annual periods, however early adoption is permitted for financial statements not yet issued. The Company adopted ASU 2014-10 with its December 31, 2014 annual filing, thereby no longer presenting or disclosing any information required by Topic 915. 
   
 The Company reviewed all recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including it Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC, and they did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial statements. 
   
  Subsequent Events  
   
 The Company evaluated for subsequent events through the issuance date of the presented financial statements. 
   
  3.  
  Going Concern.  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the company has no revenues, net accumulated losses since inception, and a retained deficit of $90,203. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain the additional capital resources necessary to implement its business plan or that any assumptions relating to its business plan will prove accurate. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
  4.  
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  
   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has outstanding $5,350 and $2,830 in accounts payable and accrued expenses directly relating to operational expenses, legal fees, and compliance fees, respectively. 
   
  5.  
  Common Stock  
   
 The Company issued no shares of stock during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company has issued and outstanding 5,444,500 shares of common stock. 
   
  6.  
  Related party transactions  
   
 The Company has retained the services of Iryna Clarke as a consultant. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has paid Ms. Clarke $2,000 and $18,000 for her consulting services, respectively. 

10 

7.  
  Net income (loss) per share  
   
 Income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares of stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that would then share in the income of the Company, subject to anti-dilution limitations. Basic and diluted (loss) per share were the same for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
   
 For the periods ended September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company posted losses less than $0.01 per basic and diluted share. 
   
  8.  
  Income Taxes  
   
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the net deferred taxes, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The federal statutory tax rate reconciled to the effective tax rate during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, is as follows: 

9.  
  Subsequent events  
   
 Management has determined that there are no further events subsequent to the balance sheet date that should be disclosed in these financial statements.   

11 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis  
   
 THIS FILING CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THE WORDS  ANTICIPATED,   BELIEVE,   EXPECT,   PLAN,   INTEND,   SEEK,   ESTIMATE,   PROJECT,   WILL,   COULD,   MAY,  AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE STATEMENTS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, INFORMATION REGARDING FUTURE OPERATIONS, FUTURE CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, AND FUTURE NET CASH FLOW. SUCH STATEMENTS REFLECT THE COMPANY S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, GENERAL ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS CONDITIONS, CHANGES IN FOREIGN, POLITICAL, SOCIAL, AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, REGULATORY INITIATIVES AND COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS, THE ABILITY TO ACHIEVE FURTHER MARKET PENETRATION AND ADDITIONAL CUSTOMERS, AND VARIOUS OTHER MATTERS, MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE COMPANY S CONTROL. SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THESE RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES OCCUR, OR SHOULD UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE TO BE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY VARY MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED, OR OTHERWISE INDICATED. CONSEQUENTLY, ALL OF THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS MADE IN THIS FILING ARE QUALIFIED BY THESE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE OF THE ACTUAL RESULTS OR DEVELOPMENTS. 
   
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere herein. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements including information about possible or assumed results of our financial conditions, operations, plans, objectives and performance that involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. For example, when we indicate that we expect to increase our product sales and potentially establish additional license relationships, these are forward-looking statements. The words expect, anticipate, estimate or similar expressions are also used to indicate forward-looking statements. The following discussions should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto presented in  Item 1   Financial Statements . 
   
  GENERAL OVERVIEW  
   
 We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 10, 2014, as Lockbox Link, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 123 W. Nye Lane, Suite 129, Carson City, NV 89706. Lockbox Link, Inc. s initial focus is on servicing the California market. The company s intended product is a cloud based software solution (SaaS) that is built to provide guidance and security to all the parties who participate in the home buying/selling process via limited control access and innovative user interface. We intend to design Lockbox link to take advantage of the structured flow and repeatability of existing real estate transaction processes. The Company s intended product will strive to provide listing agents the opportunity to increase customer satisfaction, improve productivity, and ensure business continuity by offering their clients a simplified, secure, and predictable home buying process.  We are attempting to design Lockbox Link to take advantage of the structured flow and repeatability of existing real estate processes. To this end, we expect to create software that will offer to its users modifiable transaction templates, allowing seamless integration into brokerages  workflow. 
   
 The intended product will consist of brokerage-branded virtual  rooms , with each  room  corresponding to a listed property. Each of the room pages will have a list of documentation pertaining to the specific property, transaction-specific templates (pre-listing, pre-offer, offer, etc.) and a user-specific dashboard that indicates status of the transaction. 
   
 We expect the initial California focus will be on the larger markets of San Diego, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. As and if the product gains widespread usage in the California market, the company intends to roll the product out to the greater United States. 
   
   Critical Accounting Policies   
   
 The accounting policies of the Company are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America, and their basis of application is consistent. Outlined below are those policies considered particularly significant. 
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

12 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements which would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the audited financial statements for the most recent fiscal year end December 31, 2015, have been omitted. 
   
   Research and Development   
   
 Research and development costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. 
   
   Revenue Recognition   
 Sales will be recorded when users of the developed product subscribe to the service and payment is processed. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. No provision for discounts or rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances or other adjustments have been recognized as of September 30, 2016. Our company has not made any sales as of September 30, 2016. 
   
   Results of Operations   
   
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   
 At this time, we have not made any sales nor have we generated any revenue. The Company is still developing the software, which will be our core product.  
   
 Software development, general and administrative expenses, and legal and financial expenses were $1,014 for the three months ending September 30, 2016. Our expenses for the three-month period ending September 30, 2015 were $8,971. 
   
 Our net loss for the three months ending September 30, 2016 was $1,014 as compared to $8,971 during that same period in 2015. The decrease in losses year over year reflect our increasing efficiency with available funds and reduction in salaried employees. 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
   
 The Company s financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the company has no revenues, net accumulated losses since inception, and a retained deficit of $90,203. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain the additional capital resources necessary to implement its business plan or that any assumptions relating to its business plan will prove accurate. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 Since inception, the Company has financed its activities principally from shareholder equity investments. The Company intends on financing its future development activities and its working capital needs largely from the sale of equity securities, debt financing and loans from private individuals, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in achieving its financing goals at reasonably commercial terms, if at all. 
   
   Unpredictability of Future Revenues   
   
 As a result of our limited operating history, the continued development of our software, and whether the general public will accept that software, we are unable to accurately forecast future revenues. Our current and future expense levels are based largely on software development and professional fees. Such costs are to a significant extent fixed and expected to increase. 
   
 Sales and operating results generally depend on a number of factors which are difficult to forecast. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall in the future, nor may we be able to anticipate significant obstacles to software development in a timely manner. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in future sales or unforeseen software development costs would have an immediate adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from time to time make certain pricing, service or marketing decisions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

We expect to experience significant fluctuations in our future quarterly operating results due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control. 
   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
   
 The Company is not currently engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by Item 303(c)(2) of Regulation S-B. The Company has not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements during the last fiscal year, and is not reasonably likely to engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements in the near future. 
   
  Emerging Growth Company  
   
 We are an  emerging growth company  under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates. 
   
   Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
   
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
   Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   
   
   Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
   
 Management evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2016, the end of the fiscal period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. SEC rules define the term  disclosure controls and procedures  to mean a company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in its reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the requisite time periods and that such information was accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
   
 No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

14 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
   
 We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information  
   
 None. 

SIGNATURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LOCKBOX LINK, INC. 
  
        REGISTRANT 

/S/ Iryna Clark  
  
        Signature 

8 November 2016 
  
        Date 

Iryna Clark 
  
        Name 

CEO 
  
        Title 

15 

<EX-31>
 2
 f10q093016_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 Section 302 Certification 

EXHIBIT 31   
   
 I, Iryna Clark, certify that:  
   
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lockbox Link, Inc.;  
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 
   
 a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
   
 c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
   
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.  

LOCKBOX LINK, INC. 
  
        REGISTRANT 

/S/ Iryna Clark  
  
        Signature 

8 November 2016 
  
        Date 

Iryna Clark 
  
        Name 

CEO 
  
        Title 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10q093016_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 Section 906 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32   

I, Iryna Clark, Chief Executive Officer of Lockbox Link, Inc. (the    Company), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:  
   
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the    Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and, 
   
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

LOCKBOX LINK, INC. 
  
        REGISTRANT 

/S/ Iryna Clark  
  
        Signature 

8 November 2016 
  
        Date 

Iryna Clark 
  
        Name 

CEO 
  
        Title 

</EX-32>

