<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1001233_0001564590-16-026384_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5263355</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172227</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>190295</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1282272</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1859460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1135174</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-026384.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027163628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-026384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001233
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				680359556
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30171
		FILM NUMBER:		161955947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 CANAL BLVD
		STREET 2:		POINT RICHMOND TECH CNTR.
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5109706000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 CANAL BLVD
		STREET 2:		POINT RICHMOND TECH CNTR.
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-026384.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 sgmo-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

sgmo-10q_20160930.htm

Is 

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                to                 
 Commission file number 000-30171  
   
 SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.  
 (exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

68-0359556  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(IRS Employer 
 Identification No.)  

501 Canal Blvd  
 Richmond, California 94804  
 (Address of principal executive offices)  
 (510) 970-6000  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 As of October 24, 2016, 70,623,858 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were outstanding.  

INDEX   
 SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 7  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 16  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
 
 20  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 21  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 22  

Item 1A  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 22  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 36  

SIGNATURES      
 
 37  

CERTIFICATIONS  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 Some statements contained in this report are forward-looking with respect to our operations, research, development and commercialization activities, clinical trials, operating results and financial condition. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:  

our strategy;      

product development and commercialization of our products;      

clinical trials;      

partnering, acquisition and other strategic transactions;      

revenues from existing and new collaborations;      

our research and development and other expenses;      

sufficiency of our cash resources;      

our operational and legal risks; and      

our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and any other statements that are not historical facts.      

 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as:  anticipates,   believes,   continues,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   seeks,   should  and  will.  These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the headings  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations  in this Form 10-Q. Sangamo undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 ZFP Therapeutic      and Engineering Genetic Cures    are registered trademarks of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. This report also contains trademarks and trade names that are the property of their respective owners.  
   
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM  1.   
 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     

 SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.  
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Unaudited; in thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

See accompanying notes. 
   
 3 

SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited; in thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying notes. 
   
 4 

SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 (Unaudited; in thousands)  

See accompanying notes.  
   
 5 

SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited: in thousands)  

See accompanying notes. 

6 

SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 September 30, 2016 
 (Unaudited)  
   
 NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. ( Sangamo  or the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. The condensed consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2015 were derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in Sangamo s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and footnotes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in Sangamo s Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including critical accounting policies or estimates related to revenue recognition, clinical trial accruals, and stock-based compensation. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. During the first quarter of 2016, we revised the estimated performance period of the upfront Biogen license through June 2019. This change increased net loss by $0.9 million and $2.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The change in the performance period also increased our basic net loss per share by $0.02 and $0.04 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Revenue Recognition  
 Revenues from research activities made under strategic partnering agreements and collaborations are recognized as the services are provided when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue generated from research and licensing agreements typically includes upfront signing or license fees, cost reimbursements, research services, minimum sublicense fees, milestone payments and royalties on future licensee s product sales.  
 For revenue agreements with multiple element arrangements, such as license and development agreements, entered into on or after January 1, 2011, the Company allocates revenue to each non-contingent element based on the relative selling price of each element. When applying the relative selling price method, the Company determines the selling price for each deliverable using Vendor Specific Objective Evidence ( VSOE ) of selling price or Third Party Evidence ( TPE ) of selling price. If neither exists, the Company uses Estimated Selling Price ( ESP ) for that deliverable. Revenue allocated is then recognized when the basic four revenue recognition criteria are met for each element. The collaboration and license agreements entered into with Shire International GmbH, formerly Shire AG (Shire), in January 2012 and Biogen Inc., formerly Biogen Idec Inc. (Biogen) in January 2014, as amended, were evaluated under these amended accounting standards.  
 Additionally, the Company may be entitled to receive certain milestone payments which are contingent upon reaching specified objectives. These milestone payments are recognized as revenue in full upon achievement of the milestone if there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement is entered into that the objectives will be achieved and if the achievement is based on the Company s performance.  
 Minimum annual sublicense fees are also recognized as revenue in the period in which such fees are due. Royalty revenues are generally recognized when earned and collectability of the related royalty payment is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes cost reimbursement revenue under collaborative agreements as the related research and development costs for services are rendered. Deferred revenue represents the portion of research or license payments received which have not been earned.  
 7 

Sangamo s research grants are typically multi-year agreements and provide fo  r the reimbursement of qualified expenses for research and development as defined under the terms of the grant agreement. Revenue under grant agreements is recognized when the related qualified research expenses are incurred.   
 Recent Accounting Standards  
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which amends ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation. The objective of this amendment is part of the FASB s Simplification Initiative as it applies to several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. Under ASU 2016-02, lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so, companies will have reduced diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the Company in the fourth quarter of 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe the impact of adopting ASU 2014-15 on its consolidated financial statements will be material. 
 In May 2014 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASU 2014-09). This standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The main principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 provides companies with two implementation methods: (i) apply the standard retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective application); or (ii) apply the standard retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings of the annual reporting period that includes the date of initial application (modified retrospective application). This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  
 NOTE 2 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT  
 The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents, and available-for sale-securities. The fair values of these assets were determined based on a three-tier hierarchy under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  
 Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;  
 Level 2: Quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and 
 Level 3: Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity).  
 8 

The fair value measurements of the Company s cash equivalents, and available-for-sale marketable securities are identified at the following levels within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):   

The Company generally classifies its marketable securities as Level 2. Instruments can be classified as Level 2 when observable market prices for identical securities that are traded in less active markets are used. When observable market prices for identical securities are not available, such instruments are priced using benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, matrix pricing and valuation models. These valuation models are proprietary to the pricing providers or brokers and incorporate a number of inputs, including, listed in approximate order of priority: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data including market research publications. For certain security types, additional inputs may be used, or some of the standard inputs may not be applicable. Evaluators may prioritize inputs differently on any given day for any security based on market conditions, and not all inputs listed are available for use in the evaluation process for each security evaluation on any given day.  
   
 NOTE 3 MARKETABLE SECURITIES  
 Sangamo classifies its marketable securities as available-for-sale and records its investments at estimated fair value based on quoted market prices or observable market inputs of substantially identical assets. Unrealized holding gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Investments that have maturities beyond one year as of the end of the reporting period are classified as non-current.  
 The Company s investments are subject to a periodic impairment review.  The Company recognizes an impairment charge when a decline in the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is judged to be other-than-temporary. The Company considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than the Company s cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value.  Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in other income, which is determined using the specific identification method 
 9 

The table below summarizes the Company s investment  s (in thousands):   

The Company had no other-than-temporary impairments of its investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the Company s investments had maturity dates within two years. The Company had no material realized losses or other-than-temporary impairments of available-for-sale securities as of the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Sangamo has the intent and ability to hold its investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.  

NOTE 4 BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE  
 Basic net loss per share has been computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potential dilutive securities outstanding during the period.  
 Because Sangamo is in a net loss position, diluted net loss per share excludes the effects of common stock equivalents consisting of stock options and restricted stock units, which are all anti-dilutive. The total number of shares subject to stock options and restricted stock units outstanding were excluded from consideration in the calculation of diluted net loss per share. Stock options and restricted stock units outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 9,559,727 and 7,868,033, respectively.  
   
 NOTE 5 MAJOR CUSTOMERS, PARTNERSHIPS AND STRATEGIC ALLIANCES  
 Collaboration Agreements  
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Biogen Inc. in Human Therapeutics  
 In January 2014 the Company entered into a Global Research, Development and Commercialization Collaboration and License Agreement (the  Biogen Agreement ) with Biogen, pursuant to which Sangamo and Biogen collaborate to discover, develop, seek regulatory approval for and commercialize therapeutics based on Sangamo s zinc finger DNA-binding protein (ZFP) technology for hemoglobinopathies, including beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease (SCD).  
 10 

Under the Biogen Agreement, Sangamo and Biogen jointly conduct two research programs: the beta-thalassemia program and the SCD program. For the beta-thalassemia program, Sangamo is responsible for all   discovery, research and development activities through the first human clinical trial for the first ZFP Therapeutic developed under the Biogen Agreement for the treatment of beta-thalassemia. For the SCD program, both parties are responsible for research a  nd development activities through the submission of an Investigational New Drug (IND) application for ZFP Therapeutics intended to treat SCD. For both programs, Biogen is responsible for subsequent world-wide clinical development, manufacturing and commerc  ialization of licensed products developed under the Biogen Agreement. At the end of specified research terms for each program or under certain specified circumstances, Biogen retains the right to step in and take over any remaining activities of Sangamo. F  urthermore, Sangamo has an option to co-promote in the United States any licensed product to treat beta-thalassemia and SCD developed under the Biogen Agreement, and Biogen agrees to compensate Sangamo for such co-promotion activities.   
 In January 2016 Sangamo and Biogen agreed on an updated beta-thalassemia Development Plan and budget using the BCL11A Enhancer target. As a result of this change, the Company updated the estimated performance period of the upfront license through June 2019. Sangamo also updated the milestones to be received based on the updated performance period of our deliverables under the Biogen Agreement. Sangamo received an upfront license fee of $20.0 million upon entering into the Biogen Agreement in January 2014. In addition, the Company will be eligible to receive up to $126.3 million in payments upon the achievement of specified research, regulatory, clinical development milestones, as well as up to $167.5 million in payments upon the achievement of specified commercialization and sales milestones. In addition, if products are commercialized under the Biogen Agreement, Biogen will pay Sangamo incremental royalties for each licensed product that are a tiered double-digit percentage of annual net sales of such product. To date, no milestone payments have been received and no products have been approved and therefore no royalty fees have been earned under the Biogen Agreement. 
 All contingent payments under the Biogen Agreement, when earned, will be non-refundable and non-creditable. The Company has evaluated the contingent payments under the Biogen Agreement based on the authoritative guidance for research and development milestones and determined that certain of these payments meet the definition of a milestone and that all such milestones are evaluated to determine if they are considered substantive milestones. Milestones are considered substantive if they are related to events (i) that can be achieved based in whole or in part on either the Company s performance or on the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance, (ii) for which there was substantive uncertainty at the date the agreement was entered into that the event would be achieved and (iii) that would result in additional payments being due to the Company. Accordingly, consideration received for the achievement of milestones that are determined to be substantive will be recognized as revenue in their entirety in the period when the milestones are achieved and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue for the achievement of milestones that are not substantive will be recognized over the remaining period of the Biogen Agreement, assuming all other applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met.  
 Subject to the terms of the Biogen Agreement, Sangamo grants Biogen an exclusive, royalty-bearing license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use certain ZFP and other technology controlled by Sangamo for the purpose of researching, developing, manufacturing and commercializing licensed products developed under the Biogen Agreement. Sangamo also grants Biogen a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, fully paid license, with the right to grant sublicenses, of Sangamo s interest in certain other intellectual property developed pursuant to the Biogen Agreement.  
 The Company has identified the deliverables within the arrangement as a license to the technology and on-going research services activities. The Company has concluded that the license is not a separate unit of accounting as it does not have stand-alone value to Biogen apart from the research services to be performed pursuant to the Biogen Agreement. As a result, the Company will recognize revenue from the upfront payment on a straight-line basis through June 2019, which is the estimated term during which the Company will perform research services. The estimated period of performance is reviewed quarterly and adjusted, as needed, to reflect our current assumptions regarding the timing of our deliverables. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has deferred revenue of $6.7 million related to the Biogen Agreement.  
 Revenues recognized under the agreement with Biogen for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands):  

11 

Related costs and expenses incurred under the Biogen Agreement related to the beta-thalassemia project, which was co-funded with California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM),   were $1.2 million and $2.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $5.3 million and $4.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and, 2015, respectively. Related costs and expenses for other proj  ects including sickle cell disease under the Biogen agreement were $0.1 million and $0.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.2 million and $2.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015, respectively.   
 Amended Collaboration and License Agreement with Shire International GmbH in Human Therapeutics and Diagnostics  
 In January 2012 the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement (the  Shire Agreement ) with Shire, pursuant to which the Company and Shire collaborate to research, develop and commercialize human therapeutics and diagnostics for monogenic diseases based on Sangamo s novel ZFP technology. This agreement was amended on September 1, 2015.   
 Under the original Shire Agreement, the Company and Shire agreed to develop potential human therapeutic or diagnostic products for seven gene targets. The initial four gene targets selected were blood clotting Factors VII, VIII, IX and X, and products developed for such initial gene targets will be used for treating or diagnosing hemophilia A and B. In June 2012, Shire selected a fifth gene target for the development of a ZFP Therapeutic for Huntington s disease. Shire had the right, subject to certain limitations, to designate two additional gene targets. Pursuant to the Shire Agreement, the Company granted Shire an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license, with the right to grant sublicenses, to use Sangamo s ZFP technology for the purpose of developing and commercializing human therapeutic and diagnostic products for the gene targets.   
 Under the terms of the original Shire Agreement, the Company was responsible for all research activities through the submission of an IND or European Clinical Trial Application (CTA), while Shire was responsible for clinical development and commercialization of products generated from the research program from and after the acceptance of an IND or CTA for the product. Shire reimbursed Sangamo for agreed upon internal and external program-related research costs. The Company received an upfront license fee of $13.0 million upon entering into the Shire Agreement in 2012. In 2014 Sangamo recognized a $1.0 million milestone payment related to the hemophilia program. 
 On September 1, 2015, the Shire Agreement was amended such that Shire agreed to return to Sangamo the exclusive, world-wide rights to gene targets for the development and commercialization of ZFP Therapeutics for hemophilia A and B.  Shire retains the rights and will continue to develop a ZFP Therapeutic for Huntington s disease and a ZFP Therapeutic for one additional gene target yet to be named.  Sangamo will provide certain target feasibility services, and upon Shire s request, certain research activities according to a research plan as agreed upon by both companies. Such research activities performed by Sangamo will be reimbursed by Shire. Shire s rights with respect to other targets contemplated in the original agreement revert to Sangamo. Under the revised agreement, each company is responsible for expenses associated with its own programs and will reimburse the other for any ongoing services provided. Shire reimbursed Sangamo $3.4 million related to obligations prior to the amendment date which was recognized in revenue and expensed as incurred. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no expenses incurred and no revenue recognized related to prior obligations. Sangamo has granted Shire a right of first negotiation to license the hemophilia A and B programs. Under the amended agreement, Shire does not have any milestone payment obligations to Sangamo with respect to the retained programs, but it is required to pay single digit percentage royalties to us, up to a specified maximum cap, on the commercial sales of ZFP therapeutic products from such programs. Under the Agreement, Sangamo has full control over, and full responsibility for the costs of, the hemophilia programs returned to us, subject to certain diligence obligations and Shire s right of first negotiation to obtain a license to such programs under certain circumstances. The Company is required to pay single digit percentage royalties to Shire, up to a specified maximum cap, on commercial sales of ZFP therapeutic products from such returned programs.   
 The Company has identified the deliverables within the amended arrangement as a license to the technology and on-going research services activities. The Company has concluded that the license is not a separate unit of accounting as it does not have stand-alone value to Shire apart from the research services to be performed pursuant to the Shire amendment. Sangamo continues to be responsible for research activities related to our licensed technology with Shire under the amendment. As a result, the Company will continue to recognize revenue from the upfront payment received upon entering into the original Shire agreement in 2012 on a straight-line basis over the six-year initial research term during which the Company expects to perform research services. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has deferred revenue of $2.9 million related to the Shire Agreement.  
 12 

Revenues recognized under the agreement with Shire for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands):   

Related costs and expenses incurred under the Shire agreement were $0.2 million and $3.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.9 million and $11.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Agreement with Sigma-Aldrich Corporation in Laboratory Research Reagents, Transgenic Animal and Commercial Protein Production Cell-line Engineering  
 In July 2007 the Company entered into a license agreement (the  Sigma Agreement ) with Sigma-Aldrich Corporation ( Sigma ). Under the Sigma Agreement, Sangamo agreed to provide Sigma with access to Sangamo s proprietary ZFP technology and the exclusive right to use the technology to develop and commercialize research reagent products and services in the research field, excluding certain agricultural research uses that Sangamo previously licensed to Dow AgroSciences LLC (DAS). Under the Sigma Agreement, Sangamo and Sigma agreed to conduct a three-year research program to develop laboratory research reagents using Sangamo s ZFP technology during which time Sangamo agreed to assist Sigma in connection with its efforts to market and sell services employing the Company s ZFP technology in the research field. Sangamo has transferred its ZFP manufacturing technology to Sigma.  
 In October 2009 the Company expanded the Sigma Agreement. In addition to the original terms of the Sigma Agreement, Sigma received exclusive rights to develop and distribute ZFP-modified cell lines for commercial production of protein pharmaceuticals and certain ZFP-engineered transgenic animals for commercial applications. Under the terms of the agreement, Sigma made an upfront cash payment of $20.0 million consisting of a $4.9 million purchase of 636,133 shares of Sangamo common stock, valued at $4.9 million, and a $15.1 million upfront license fee. Sangamo has received commercial license fees of $5.0 million based upon a percentage of net sales and sublicensing revenue and thereafter a reduced royalty rate of 10.5% of net sales and sublicensing revenue.  In addition, upon the achievement of certain cumulative commercial milestones Sigma will make milestone payments to Sangamo up to an aggregate of $25.0 million.  
 Revenues recognized under the agreement with Sigma for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands):  

Related costs and expenses incurred under the Sigma agreement were $0.1 million and $0.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.1 million and $0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Agreement with Dow AgroSciences in Plant Agriculture  
   In October 2005 the Company entered into an exclusive commercial license agreement with Dow AgroSciences, LLC (DAS). Under this agreement, Sangamo provides DAS with access to proprietary ZFP technology and the exclusive right to use the technology to modify the genomes or alter the nucleic acid or protein expression of plant cells, plants, or plant cell cultures. Sangamo has retained rights to use plants or plant-derived products to deliver ZFP transcription factors (ZFP TFs) or ZFP nucleases (ZFNs) into humans or animals for diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic purposes. The Company s agreement with DAS provided for an initial three year research term. In June 2008, DAS exercised its option under the agreement to obtain a commercial license to sell products  
 13 

incorpora  ting or derived from plant cells generated using the Company s ZFP technology, including agricultural crops, industrial products and plant-derived biopharmaceuticals. The exercise of the option triggered a one-time commercial license fee of $6.0 million, p  ayment of the remaining $2.3 million of the previously agreed $4.0 million in research milestones, development and commercialization milestone payments for each product, and royalties on sales of products. Furthermore, DAS has the right to sublicense Sanga  mo s ZFP technology to third parties for use in plant cells, plants or plant cell cultures and Sangamo will be entitled to 25% of any cash consideration received by DAS under such sublicenses. In December 2010, the Company amended its agreement with DAS to   extend the period of reagent manufacturing services and research services through December 31, 2012.   
 The agreement with DAS also provides for minimum sublicense fees each year due to Sangamo every October, provided the Agreement is not terminated by DAS. Annual fees range from $250,000 to $3.0 million and total $25.3 million over 11 years. The Company does not have any ongoing performance obligations with respect to the sublicensing activities to be conducted by DAS. DAS has the right to terminate the agreement at any time; accordingly, the Company s actual sublicense fees over the term of the agreement could be lower than $25.3 million. In addition, each party may terminate the agreement upon an uncured material breach by the other party. In the event of any termination of the agreement, all rights to use the Company s ZFP technology will revert to Sangamo, and DAS will no longer be permitted to practice Sangamo s ZFP technology or to develop or, except in limited circumstances, commercialize any products derived from the Company s ZFP technology.  
 There were no revenues or related costs and expenses incurred under the agreement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Funding from Research Foundations  
 California Institute for Regenerative Medicine - HIV  
 In May 2014 CIRM agreed to fund a $5.6 million Strategic Partnership Award to fund the clinical studies of a potentially curative ZFP Therapeutic for HIV/AIDS based on the application of Sangamo s ZFN genome editing technology in hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs). The four year grant provides matching funds to support evaluation of the Company s stem cell-based ZFP Therapeutic in a clinical trial in HIV-infected individuals conducted at City of Hope.  
 There were no revenues attributable to research and development performed under the Strategic Partnership Award during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Related costs and expenses incurred under the CIRM Strategic Partnership Award were $0.6 million and $0.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1.2 million and $1.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

NOTE 6 INCOME TAXES  
 The Company maintains deferred tax assets that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. These deferred tax assets include net operating loss carryforwards, research credits and capitalized research and development costs. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain based on Sangamo s history of losses. Accordingly, the Company s net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. Utilization of operating losses and credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization.   
   
 NOTE 7 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  
 The following table shows total stock-based compensation expense included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recognized $4.1 million in stock-based compensation expense and $2.0 million in salaries and benefits associated with separation costs for the transition of the Company s CEO in June 2016. 
 14 

NOTE 8 BUILD-TO-SUIT LEASE 
 In December 2015 the Company entered into a long-term property lease which includes construction by the lessor of a building with approximately 41,400 square feet of space, in Richmond, California. The lease agreement expires five years after substantial completion of the building, which is estimated to occur in late 2016. The Company has two options to extend the lease term for up to a combined additional ten years. 
 The Company is deemed, for accounting purposes only, to be the owner of the entire project including the building shell, even though it is not the legal owner. In connection with the Company s accounting for this transaction, the Company will capitalize costs of construction as a build-to-suit property within property and equipment, net, and recognize a corresponding build-to-suit lease obligation for the same amount. As of September 30, 2016, $2.2 million of costs were capitalized in construction in progress with a corresponding build-to-suit lease obligation recognized related to this lease.  
 Upon construction a portion of the monthly lease payment will be allocated to land rent and recorded as an operating lease expense, and the non-interest portion of the amortized lease payments to the landlord related to the rent of the building will be applied to reduce the build-to-suit lease obligation.  

15 

ITEM  2.   
 
        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      

 The discussion in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  contains trend analysis, estimates and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements containing the words  believes,   anticipates,   expects,   continue,  and other words of similar import or the negative of those terms or expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, estimates and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion and analysis along with the financial statements and notes attached to those statements included elsewhere in this report and in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC.  
 Overview  
 We are the leading company in the field of therapeutic genome editing which we are applying to  Engineer Genetic Cures     for numerous gene-based diseases. As a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company we are focused on the development of gene therapies including the research, development and commercialization of engineered DNA-binding proteins for therapeutic genome editing and gene regulation.  Our proprietary zinc finger DNA-binding proteins (ZFP) technology enables efficient and highly specific genome editing and gene regulation and we are developing ZFP Therapeutics and gene therapies for the treatment of genetic disease. We have several proprietary clinical and preclinical programs in development and have strategically partnered certain programs with biopharmaceutical companies to obtain funding for our own programs and to expedite clinical and commercial development. Our long-term goal is to forward integrate into manufacturing, development and commercial operations to more fully capture the value of our proprietary ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products.  
 We, and our licensed partners, are the leaders in the research, development and commercialization of ZFPs, a naturally occurring class of proteins found in humans. We have used our knowledge and expertise to develop a proprietary technology platform in both genome editing and gene regulation. ZFPs can be engineered to make ZFP nucleases (ZFNs), proteins that can be used to specifically modify DNA sequences by adding or knocking out specific genes (genome editing) and ZFP transcription factors (ZFP TFs), proteins that can be used to turn genes on or off (gene regulation). As ZFPs act at the DNA level, they potentially have broad and fundamental applications in several areas, including human therapeutics, plant agriculture and research reagents, including the production of transgenic animals and cell-line engineering. In the process of developing this platform we have accrued significant scientific, manufacturing and regulatory capabilities and know-how that is generally applicable in the broader field of gene therapy. 
 The main focus for our company is the development of novel human therapeutics. Our lead ZFP Therapeutic, SB-728-T, a ZFN-modified autologous T-cell product for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, is the first therapeutic application of our ZFN genome editing technology and is being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 2 study of ZFN-modified T-cells (SB-728-T-1101, Cohort 3*) and a Phase 1/2 study of modified hematopoietic stem cells (SB-728mR-HSPC) in HIV-infected subjects. We are also initiating a Phase 1/2 study of  in vivo  genome editing applications of ZFP Therapeutics for hemophilia B and have plans to initiate Phase 1/2 studies of ZFP Therapeutics for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis I (MPS I) and Mucopolysaccharidosis II (MPS II), which are lysosomal storage disorders (LSD).  In addition, we have proprietary preclinical programs in hemophilia A and other LSDs and research stage programs in other monogenic diseases, including certain central nervous system (CNS) disorders and cancer immunotherapy. 
 We have established collaborative partnership with Biogen Inc., formerly Biogen Idec Inc. (Biogen), to research, develop and commercialize our preclinical ZFP Therapeutic development program in hemoglobinopathies, including sickle cell disease (SCD) and beta-thalassemia.  We also have a collaborative partnership with Shire International GmbH, formerly Shire AG (Shire), to research, develop and commercialize our preclinical ZFP Therapeutic development program in Huntington s disease (HD).  
 We have entered into strategic partnerships in fields outside human therapeutics to facilitate the sale or licensing of our ZFP platform. We have a license agreement with Sigma-Aldrich Corporation (Sigma). Under this agreement, Sigma has the exclusive rights to develop and market ZFP-based laboratory research reagents marketed under the trademark CompoZr       as well as ZFP-modified cell lines for commercial production of protein pharmaceuticals and ZFP-engineered transgenic animals. We also have a license agreement with Dow AgroSciences, LLC (DAS), a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Chemical Corporation. Under this agreement, DAS has the exclusive rights to use our ZFP technology to modify the genomes or alter protein expression of plant cells, plants, or plant cell cultures and markets our ZFN technology under the trademark EXZACT  TM   Precision Technology.  
   We have a substantial intellectual property position in the genome editing field including the design, selection, composition and use of engineered ZFPs to support our commercial activities. As of February 1, 2016, we either owned outright or have exclusively licensed the commercial rights to approximately 760 patents issued in the United States and foreign national jurisdictions, and we have 629 patent applications owned and licensed pending worldwide. We continue to license and file new patent applications that  
 16 

strengthen our core and accessory patent portfolio. We believe that our intellectual property position is a critical element in our ability to research,   develop and commercialize products and services based on ZFP technology across our chosen applications.  
 We have incurred net losses since inception and expect to incur losses in the future as we continue our research and development activities. To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities, payments from corporate collaborations and research grants.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a consolidated net loss of $19.0 million, or $0.27 per share, compared to a net loss of $9.2 million, or $0.13 per share, for the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a consolidated net loss of $62.0 million, or $0.88 per share, compared to a net loss of $26.7 million, or $0.38 per share, for the same period in 2015. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and interest receivable totaling $155.4 million compared to $209.3 million as of December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $431.3 million.  
 Our revenues have consisted primarily of revenues from our corporate partners for ZFNs and ZFP TFs, contractual payments from strategic partners for research services and research milestones, and research grant funding. We expect revenues will continue to fluctuate from period to period and there can be no assurance that new collaborations or partner funding will continue beyond their initial terms or that we are able to meet the milestones specified in these agreements.  
 In the development of our ZFP technology platform, we are focusing our resources on higher-value ZFP Therapeutic product development and less on our non-therapeutic applications. Development of novel therapeutic products is costly and is subject to a lengthy and uncertain regulatory process at the FDA. Our future products will be gene-based therapeutics. Adverse events in both our own clinical program and other programs may have a negative impact on regulatory approval, the willingness of potential commercial partners to enter into agreements and public perception.  
 Critical Accounting Estimates  
 The accompanying discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related disclosures, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC.  
 Results of Operations  
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Revenues  

Total revenues consist of revenues from collaboration agreements and research grants. We anticipate revenues over the next several years will be derived primarily from our collaboration agreements with Biogen, DAS and Sigma.  
 17 

Revenues from our corporate collaboration agreements were $2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 8.4 million in the corresponding period in 2015. The $5.7 million decrease in col  laboration agreements revenues was primarily due to a decrease of $3.1 million in revenues related to the amendment of our collaboration and license agreement with Shire and a $2.3 million decrease in revenues related to our collaboration and license agree  ment with Biogen  .    The revenues from Biogen included $1.2 million from research services and $0.6 million related to partial recognition of an upfront license fee of $20.0 million.   The revenues from Shire included $0.2 million from research services and $0  .5 million related to partial recognition of an upfront license fee of $13.0 million.   Research grant revenues were approximately $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.2 million in the corresponding period in 2015.   
 Revenues from our corporate collaboration agreements were $10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $28.9 million in the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease of $18.9 million in collaboration agreement revenues was primarily attributable to a $10.8 million decrease in revenues related to the amendment of our collaboration and license agreement with Shire, a $4.4 million decrease in revenues related to our agreement with Sigma, and a $3.5 million decrease under our collaboration and license agreement with Biogen. Research grant revenues were $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.5 million in the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease of $1.1 million in grant revenues was primarily attributable to a $1.2 million decrease in revenues related to our grant from CIRM, partially offset by a $0.1 million increase in other grant revenue. 
 Operating Expenses  

Research and development  
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses, including stock-based compensation, laboratory supplies, preclinical and clinical studies, manufacturing expenses, allocated facilities expenses, subcontracted research expenses and expenses for technology licenses. In 2015, we established a Technical Operations group to manage the relationships with third-party vendors used in our manufacturing processes as well as to improve our process development and increase our overall manufacturing capabilities.  We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to research and development in the future and expect research and development expenses to increase in the next several years if we are successful in advancing our HIV/AIDS program, our AAV cDNA for treatment of hemophilia A and our IVPRP programs in the clinic and if we are able to progress our earlier stage ZFP Therapeutic product candidates into clinical trials including our programs under our collaboration with Biogen and Shire. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements with Biogen and Shire, certain of our expenses related to research and development activities will be reimbursed, including employee and external research costs. The reimbursement funds received from Biogen and Shire are recognized as revenue as the costs are incurred and collection is reasonably assured. We also continue to fulfill our obligations under the terms of our non-therapeutic collaboration agreements with Sigma and DAS. In addition, to the extent we continue to receive royalties from Sigma, we will incur fees related to certain technologies that we have in-licensed.  
 Research and development expenses were $17.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $16.7 million in the corresponding period in 2015. The increase of $0.3 million in research and development expenses was primarily due to increases of $0.5 million in consulting expense, $0.5 million in lab supply expenses, $0.2 million in salaries and benefits, and $0.2 million in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease of $1.1 million in clinical trial and manufacturing expenses and $0.1 million in license expense.  
 Research and development expenses were $51.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $47.3 million in the corresponding period in 2015. The increase of $4.4 million in research and development expenses was primarily due to increases of $1.5 million in consulting expense, $1.3 million in salaries and benefits, $1.1 million in clinical trial and manufacturing expenses, $0.8 million in lab supply expenses, and $0.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease of $0.6 million in license expense.  
 18 

General and administrative   
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses, including stock-based compensation, other expenses for executive, finance and administrative personnel, professional fees, allocated facilities expenses, patent prosecution expenses and other general corporate expenses. As we pursue commercial development of our therapeutic programs, we expect the business aspects of the Company to become more complex. We may be required to add personnel and incur additional expenses related to the maturity of our business.  
 General and administrative expenses were $5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.6 million for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase of $0.4 million in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increases of $0.6 million in consulting expense and $0.3 million in salaries and benefits, partially offset by decreases of $0.3 million in stock-based compensation expense and $0.2 million in legal expense.   
 General and administrative expenses were $21.5 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and $14.3 million for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase of $7.2 million in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increases of $4.1 million in stock-based compensation expense and $2.5 million in salaries and benefits, including the separation costs associated with the CEO transition, and $1.2 million in professional fees and consulting expense, partially offset by a decrease of $0.6 million in legal expense.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Liquidity  
 Since inception, we have incurred significant net losses and we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities, payments from corporate collaborators and strategic partners and research grants.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and interest receivable totaling $155.4 million compared to $209.3 million as of December 31, 2015, with the decrease primarily attributable to our net operating loss.  
 Our most significant use of capital pertains to salaries and benefits for our employees and external development expenses, such as manufacturing, clinical trials and preclinical activity, related to our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy programs. Our cash and investment balances are held in a variety of interest bearing instruments, including obligations of U.S. government agencies, U.S. Treasury debt securities, corporate debt securities, corporate debt securities and money market funds. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy with a view toward capital preservation and liquidity.  
 Under the agreement with Biogen, we received an upfront license fee of $20.0 million in 2014. Biogen will reimburse us for agreed upon costs incurred in connection with research and development activities conducted by us. In addition, we will also be eligible to receive up to $126.3 million in payments upon the achievement of specified research, regulatory, clinical development milestones, as well as up to $167.5 million in payments upon the achievement of specified commercialization and sales milestones. If products are commercialized under the Biogen Agreement, Biogen will pay Sangamo incremental royalties for each licensed product that are a tiered double-digit percentage of annual net sales of such product. To date, no milestone payments have been received and no products have been approved and therefore no royalty fees have been earned under the Biogen Agreement. 
 In January 2012, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Shire, under which we received an upfront license fee of $13.0 million. In addition, Shire agreed to reimburse us for agreed upon costs incurred in connection with research and development activities that we conducted and to pay us certain milestone payments based on our achievement of specified research, regulatory, clinical development, commercialization and sales milestones, which depended upon our ability with Shire to continue to progress our programs under collaboration. We were also eligible to receive royalty payments on net sales of products developed under the collaboration, if any.  On September 1, 2015, we amended the Shire agreement such that going forward, each company is responsible for expenses associated with its own programs and will reimburse the other for any ongoing services provided. Under the amended agreement, Shire does not have any milestone payment obligations to us with respect to the retained programs, but it is required to pay single digit percentage royalties to us, up to a specified maximum cap, on the commercial sales of ZFP Therapeutic products from such programs. Under the Agreement, we have full control over, and full responsibility for the costs of, the hemophilia programs returned to us, subject to certain diligence obligations and Shire s right of first negotiation to obtain a license to such programs under certain circumstances. We are required to pay single digit percentage royalties to Shire, up to a specified maximum cap, on commercial sales of ZFP Therapeutic products from such returned programs.  
   
 19 

Cash Flows   
 Operating activities.  Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $53.6 million and $24.6 million, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily reflected the increase in net loss for the period as well as a decrease in accrued liabilities and deferred revenue, partially offset by the increase in stock-based compensation. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily reflected the increase in net loss for the period as well as a decrease in deferred revenue, partially offset by the increase in stock-based compensation and a decrease in accounts receivable.  
 Investing activities.  Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.9 million, while cash provided by investing activities was $32.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash flows from investing activities for both periods primarily related to purchases and maturities of investments.   
 Financing activities.  Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.2 million and $20.7 million, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 was primarily related to the issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to a $14.5 million settlement with certain investors that were beneficial owners of our common stock related to the disgorgement of short-swing profits pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock options.  
 Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requirements  
 We anticipate continuing to incur operating losses for at least the next several years. While our rate of cash usage may increase in the future, in particular to support our product development endeavors, we believe our available cash resources as well as funds received from corporate collaborators, strategic partners and research grants will enable us to maintain our currently planned operations through 2017. Future capital requirements will be substantial, and if our capital resources are insufficient to meet future capital requirements, we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, including ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy development activities, through equity or debt financing. We regularly consider fund raising opportunities and may decide, from time to time, to raise capital based on various factors, including market conditions and our plans of operation. Additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, or if the terms of potential funding sources are unfavorable, our business and our ability to develop our technology and our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products would be harmed. Furthermore, any sales of additional equity securities may result in dilution to our stockholders, and any debt financing may include covenants that restrict our business.  
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors and are not limited to the following:  

the initiation, progress, timing and completion of clinical trials for our product candidates;      

the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals;      

the success of our collaboration agreements with third parties, including Biogen and Shire;      

delays that may be caused by changing regulatory requirements;      

the number of product candidates that we pursue;      

the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing and defending patent claims;      

the timing and terms of future in-licensing and out-licensing transactions;      

the cost and timing of establishing sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution capabilities;      

the cost of procuring clinical and commercial supplies of our product candidates;      

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies; and      

the possible costs of litigation.      

ITEM  3.   
 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK     

 Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity relating to our cash, cash equivalents and investments, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. We do not have any foreign currency or other derivative financial instruments.  
 20 

Our market risks at September 30, 2016 have not changed materially from those discussed in Item 7A of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 on file with the SEC.   

ITEM  4.   
 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
 As required by the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

21 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM  1.   
 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

 We are not party to any material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business .  

ITEM  1A.   
 
   RISK FACTORS     

 An investment in our common stock involves significant risk. You should carefully consider the information described in the following risk factors, together with the other information appearing elsewhere in this report, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. While the risk factors set forth below update and supplement the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015 Annual Report), you should review our 2015 Annual Report, including the section under the caption  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  together with the other information appearing elsewhere in this report, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. If any of the risks described below or in our 2015 Annual Report actually occur, our business, financial conditions, results of operation and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or a part of your investment in our common stock. Moreover, the risks described below and in our 2015 Annual Report are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-Q as well as our other publicly available filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 Risks Relating to Development, Commercialization and Regulatory Approval of our Products and Technology  
 ZFP Therapeutics have undergone limited testing in humans and our ZFP Therapeutics may fail safety studies in clinical trials.  
 We have an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial (SB-728-1101, Cohort 3*) of our ZFP Therapeutic, SB-728-T, for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. We also have an open Phase 1/2 clinical trial of our ZFP Therapeutic for HIV in HSPCs (SB-728mR-HSPC) and expect to initiate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of our IVPRP approach in several indications including hemophilia B, MPS I, and MPS II.  Preliminary data demonstrate that treatment of HIV-infected subjects with SB-728-T has been well-tolerated. In addition, data from Phase 1 and several Phase 2 clinical trials of our ZFP Therapeutic, SB-509, for diabetic neuropathy and ALS demonstrated that the drug was well tolerated in these studies. However, if one of our ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy programs fails one of its safety studies, it could reduce our ability to attract new investors and corporate partners.  
 All of these studies are designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of our therapeutic approach. Our clinical studies are a highly visible test of our ZFP Therapeutics and gene therapies and our investors assess the value of our technology primarily based on the continued progress of ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products into and through clinical trials. If clinical trials of our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products were halted due to safety concerns, this would negatively affect our operations and the value of shares in our common stock.  
 Our progress in early Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials may not be indicative of long-term efficacy in late stage clinical trials.  
 The results in early phases of clinical testing are based upon limited numbers of patients and a limited follow-up period. Typically, our Phase 1 clinical trials for indications of safety enroll less than 15 patients. Our Phase 2 and late-stage clinical trials generally enroll a larger number of patients. Accordingly, any positive data obtained in early Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials may not be indicative of long-term efficacy in late-stage clinical trials.  
 Over the past several years we have presented data from early stage clinical trials from our program to develop SB-728-T for the treatment of HIV/AIDS which is now in Phase 2 clinical testing. Data from the Company s Phase 1 study (SB-728-902, Cohorts 1-3) demonstrated a long-term decrease in the peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) HIV reservoir using a sensitive test for integrated HIV DNA in nine of nine subjects over a 36 month period (median decrease 0.9 logs). In addition, in this and several other studies we have observed long-term increases in CD4 counts in treated subjects. We have presented data that demonstrates an increase in engraftment of modified T-cells after pre-infusion regimen of Cytoxan. In several subjects we have also observed significant reductions in viral load in SB-728 treated subjects during a treatment interruption from antiretroviral therapy which have lasted for prolonged periods.  However, there is no guarantee that these and other future studies of SB-728-T in later stage trials involving larger patient groups may produce positive or similar results as those obtained in earlier trials.  
   A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in earlier stage clinical trials. If a larger population of patients does not experience  
 22 

positive results, or if these results are not reproducible, our products may not receive approval from the FDA. Failure to confirm favorable results from earlier trials by demonst  rating the safety and effectiveness of our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products in late stage clinical trials with larger patient populations could have a material adverse effect on our business that would cause our stock price to decline significantl  y.   
 Our potential therapeutic products are subject to a lengthy and uncertain regulatory process, and we may encounter unanticipated toxicity or adverse events or fail to demonstrate efficacy, causing us to delay, suspend or terminate the development of a ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy program which will prevent us from commercializing those products.  
 The FDA must approve any human therapeutic product before it can be marketed in the United States. The process for receiving regulatory approval is long and uncertain, and a potential product may not withstand the rigors of testing under the regulatory approval processes.  
 Before commencing clinical trials in humans, we must submit an IND application to the FDA. The FDA has 30 days to comment on the application, and if the agency has no comments, we or our commercial partner may begin clinical trials. While we have stated our intention to file additional IND applications in the future, this is only a statement of intent, and we may not be able to do so because the associated product candidates may not meet the necessary preclinical requirements. In addition, there can be no assurance that, once filed, an IND application will result in the actual initiation of clinical trials or that we will be able to meet our targeted timeline for the initiation of clinical trials. Clinical trials are subject to oversight by institutional review boards and the FDA. In addition, our proposed clinical studies may require review from the Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC), which is the advisory board to the National Institutes of Health (NIH), focusing on clinical trials involving gene transfer.  
 Clinical trials:  

must be conducted in conformance with the FDA s good clinical practices, within the guidelines of the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) and other applicable regulations;      

must meet requirements for Institutional Review Board (IRB) oversight;      

must follow Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC) and NIH RAC guidelines where applicable;      

must meet requirements for informed consent;      

are subject to continuing FDA oversight;      

may require oversight by a Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB);      

may require large numbers of test subjects; and      

may be suspended by a commercial partner, the FDA, or us at any time if it is believed that the subjects participating in these trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in the IND application or the conduct of these trials.      

 If we are not able to obtain the necessary regulatory approval to commercialize our products of if such approval is delayed or suspended, it would have an adverse effect on our business operations and trading price of our common stock 
 23 

While we have stated our goal is to file IND applications for several ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy pro  grams in the future, we may encounter difficulties that may delay, suspend or scale back our efforts.   
 In the future we intend to file new IND applications for our ZFP Therapeutic programs. The preparation and submission of IND applications requires us to conduct rigorous and time-consuming preclinical testing, studies, and documentation relating to, among other things, the toxicity, safety, manufacturing, chemistry and clinical protocol of new ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products. We may experience unforeseen difficulties that could delay or otherwise prevent us from executing this strategy successfully. For example, we may encounter problems in the manufacturing of our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products and fail to demonstrate consistency in the formulation of the drug. Our preclinical tests may produce negative or inconclusive results, which may lead us to decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical testing. If we cannot obtain positive results in preclinical testing, we may decide to abandon the projects altogether. In addition, our ability to complete and file certain IND applications depends on the support of our partners and the timely performance of their obligations under relevant collaboration agreements. If our partners are not able to perform such obligations or if they choose to slow down or delay the progress, we may not be able to prepare and file the intended IND applications on a timely basis or at all. Furthermore, the filing of several IND applications involves significant cost and labor, and we may not have sufficient resources and personnel to complete the filing of all intended IND applications, which may force us to scale back the number of IND applications or forego potential IND applications that we believe are promising. Any delay, suspension or reduction of our efforts to pursue our preclinical and IND strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business and cause our stock price to decline.  
 We may not be able to find acceptable patients or may experience delays in enrolling patients for our clinical trials.  
 We may experience difficulties or delays in recruiting and enrolling a sufficient number of patients to participate in our clinical trials due to a variety of reasons, including competition from other clinical trial programs for the same indication, failure of patients to meet our enrollment criteria and premature withdrawals of patients prior to the completion of clinical trials. The FDA and institutional review boards may also require large numbers of patients, and the FDA may require that we repeat a clinical trial. Any delay resulting from our failure to enroll a sufficient number of patients on a timely basis may have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 As we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates, we cannot predict the timing of any future revenue from these product candidates.  
 We cannot commercialize any of our ZFP Therapeutics or gene therapies to generate revenue until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the applications for the product candidates. We cannot ensure that the regulatory agencies will complete their review processes in a timely manner or that we will obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate that we or our collaborators develop. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Regulatory approval processes outside the United States include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval process. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review.  
 We have limited experience in conducting clinical trials.  
 Our most advanced clinical programs are ongoing Phase 2 trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a ZFP Therapeutic for HIV/AIDS. For potential marketing application approval, additional clinical testing will be required, which involves significantly greater resources, commitments and expertise. Therefore, we may be required to scale up our operations and enter into collaborative relationships with pharmaceutical companies that could assume responsibility for late-stage development and commercialization.  
 We have limited experience in conducting advanced clinical trials and may not possess the necessary resources and expertise to complete such trials, and we may need to seek partnerships or collaboration with third parties to advance these trials. We have entered into a collaborative agreement with Biogen to provide funding and assistance in the development of certain ZFP Therapeutics through the clinical trial process. Under the agreement with Biogen, we are responsible for all research and development through the first human clinical trial for the treatment of beta-thalassemia and both parties are responsible for research and development through the submission of IND for ZFP Therapeutics to treat sickle cell disease (SCD). However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to enter into future collaborative relationships with third parties that can provide us with the funding and expertise for later stage trials.  
 Regulatory approval, if granted, will be limited to specific uses or geographic areas, which could limit our ability to generate revenues.  
   Regulatory approval will be limited to the indicated use for which we can market a product. Further, once regulatory approval for a product is obtained, the product and its manufacturer are subject to continual review. Discovery of previously unknown problems  
 24 

with a product or manufacturer may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer, and manufacturing facility, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In Japan and Europe, regulatory agenc  ies also set or approve prices.   
 Even if regulatory clearance of a product is granted, this clearance is limited to those specific states and conditions for which the product is useful, as demonstrated through clinical trials. We cannot ensure that any ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy product developed by us, alone or with others, will prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials and will meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing clearance in a given country.  
 Outside the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from appropriate regulatory authorities; therefore we cannot predict whether or when we would be permitted to commercialize our product outside the United States. These foreign regulatory approval processes include all of the risks associated with FDA clearance described above.  
 Commercialization of our technologies will depend, in part, on strategic partnering with other companies. If we are not able to find partners in the future or if our partners do not diligently pursue product development efforts, we may not be able to develop our technologies or products, which could slow our growth and decrease the value of our stock.  
 We expect to rely, to some extent, on our strategic partners to provide funding in support of our research and to perform independent research and preclinical and clinical testing. Our technology is broad-based, and we do not currently possess the resources necessary to fully develop and commercialize potential products that may result from our technologies or the resources or capabilities to complete the lengthy marketing approval processes that may be required for the products. Therefore, we plan to rely on strategic partnerships to help us develop and commercialize ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy products. If we are unable to find partners or if the partners we find, such as Shire and Biogen, are unable or unwilling to advance our programs, or if they do not diligently pursue product approval, this may slow our progress and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. In addition, our partners may sublicense or abandon development programs or we may have disagreements or disputes with our partners, which would cause associated product development to slow or cease. In addition, the business or operations of our partners may change significantly through restructuring, acquisition or other strategic transactions or decisions that may negatively impact their ability to advance our programs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish further strategic collaborations for ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy product developments. We may require significant time to secure collaborations or partners because we need to effectively market the benefits of our technology to these future collaborators and partners, which may direct the attention and resources of our research and development personnel and management away from our primary business operations. Further, each collaboration or partnering arrangement will involve the negotiation of terms that may be unique to each collaborator or partner. These business development efforts may not result in a collaboration or partnership.  
 The loss of partnering agreements may delay or terminate the potential development or commercialization of products we may derive from our technologies, but it may also delay or terminate our ability to test ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy candidates for specific genes. If any partner fails to conduct the collaborative activities successfully or in a timely manner, the preclinical or clinical development or commercialization of the affected product candidates or research programs could be delayed or terminated.  
 Under typical partnering agreements, we would expect to receive revenue for the research and development of a ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy product based on achievement of specific milestones, as well as royalties based on a percentage of sales of the commercialized products. Achieving these milestones will depend, in part, on the efforts of our partner as well as our own. If we, or any partner, fail to meet specific milestones, then the partnership may be terminated, which could reduce our revenues. For more information on risks relating to our third party collaborative agreements, see  Risks Relating to our Collaborative Relationships.   
 We may be unable to license gene transfer technologies that we may need to commercialize our ZFP technology.  
 In order to regulate or modify a gene in a cell, the ZFP must be efficiently delivered to the cell. We have licensed certain gene transfer technologies for our ZFP in research including AAV and mRNA technology. We are evaluating these systems and other technologies that may need to be used in the delivery of ZFP into cells for  in vitro  and  in vivo  applications, including ZFP Therapeutics. However, we may not be able to license the gene transfer technologies required to develop and commercialize our ZFP Therapeutics. We have not developed our own gene transfer technologies, and we rely on our ability to enter into license agreements to provide us with rights to the necessary gene transfer technology. Our approach has been to license appropriate technology as required. The inability to obtain a license to use gene transfer technologies with entities which own such technology on reasonable commercial terms, if at all, could delay or prevent the preclinical evaluation, drug development collaborations, clinical testing, and/or commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates.  
 25 

Our gene regulation and genome editing technology is relatively new, and if we are unable to use this technology in all our intended applications, it would limit our revenue opportunities.   
 Our technology involves a relatively new approach to gene regulation and genome editing. Although we have generated ZFPs for thousands of gene sequences, we have not created ZFPs for all gene sequences and may not be able do so, which could limit the usefulness of our technology. In addition, while we have demonstrated the function of engineered ZFNs and ZFP TFs in mammalian cells, yeast, insects, plants and animals, we have not yet demonstrated clinical efficacy of this technology in a controlled clinical trial in humans, and the failure to do so could restrict our ability to develop commercially viable products. If we, and our collaborators or strategic partners, are unable to extend our results to new commercially important genes, experimental animal models, and human clinical studies, we may be unable to use our technology in all its intended applications.  
 The expected value and utility of our ZFNs and ZFP TFs is in part based on our belief that the targeted editing of genes or specific regulation of gene expression may enable us to develop a new therapeutic approach as well as to help scientists better understand the role of genes in disease, and to aid their efforts in drug discovery and development. We also believe that ZFP-mediated targeted genome editing and gene regulation will have utility in agricultural applications. There is only a limited understanding of the role of specific genes in all these fields. Life sciences companies have developed or commercialized only a few products in any of these fields based on results from genomic research or the ability to regulate gene expression. We, our collaborators or our strategic partners, may not be able to use our technology to identify and validate drug targets or to develop commercial products in the intended markets.  
 Effective delivery of ZFNs and ZFP TFs into the appropriate target cells and tissues is critical to the success of the therapeutic applications of our ZFP technology. In order to have a meaningful therapeutic effect, the ZFP Therapeutic must be delivered to sufficient numbers of cells in the targeted tissue. The ZFN or ZFP TF must be present in that tissue for sufficient time to effect either modification of a therapeutically relevant gene or regulation of its expression. In our current clinical and preclinical programs, we administer our ZFP Therapeutics as a nucleic acid that encodes the ZFN or ZFP TF. We use different formulations to deliver the ZFP Therapeutic depending on the required duration of expression, the targeted tissue and the indication that we intend to treat. However, there can be no assurances that we will be able to effectively deliver our ZFNs and ZFP TFs to produce a beneficial therapeutic effect.  
 We are conducting proprietary research to discover ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy product candidates. These programs increase our financial risk of product failure, may significantly increase our research expenditures, and may involve conflicts with future collaborators and strategic partners.  
 Our proprietary research programs consist of research that is funded solely by us or by grant funding and in which we retain exclusive rights to therapeutic products generated by such research. This is in contrast to certain of our research programs that may be funded by corporate partners in which we may share rights to any resulting products. Conducting proprietary research programs may not generate corresponding revenue and may create conflicts with our collaborators or strategic partners over rights to our intellectual property with respect to our proprietary research activities. Any conflict with our collaborators or strategic partners could reduce our ability to enter into future collaborations or partnering agreements and negatively impact our relationship with existing collaborators and partners that could reduce our revenue and delay or terminate our product development. As we continue to focus our strategy on proprietary research and therapeutic development, we expect to experience greater business risks, expend significantly greater funds and require substantial commitments of time from our management and staff.  
 Even if our technology proves to be effective, it still may not lead to commercially viable products.  
 Even if our collaborators or strategic partners are successful in using our ZFP technology in drug discovery, protein production, therapeutic development or plant agriculture, they may not be able to commercialize the resulting products or may decide to use other methods competitive with our technology. To date, no company has received marketing approval or has developed or commercialized any therapeutic or agricultural products based on our technology. Should our technology fail to provide safe, effective, useful or commercially viable approaches to the discovery and development of these products, this would significantly limit our business and future growth and would adversely affect our value.  
 Even if our product development efforts are successful and even if the requisite regulatory approvals are obtained, our ZFP Therapeutics or gene therapies may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers and the medical community.  
 A number of additional factors may limit the market acceptance of our ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy products including the following:  

rate of adoption by healthcare practitioners;      

rate of a product s acceptance by the target population;      

 26 

timing of market entry relative to competitive products;      

availability of alternative therapies;      

price of our product relative to alternative therapies;      

availability of third-party reimbursement;      

extent of marketing efforts by us and third-party distributors or agents retained by us; and      

side-effects or unfavorable publicity concerning our products or similar products.      

 Therefore, even after we have obtained the required regulatory approval for our ZFP Therapeutic or gene therapy products, we may not be able to commercialize these products successfully if we cannot achieve an adequate level of market acceptance.  
  We currently rely on third parties to conduct some or all aspects of manufacturing of our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy product candidates for preclinical and clinical development.    If one of our third-party manufacturers fails to perform adequately or fulfill our needs, we may be required to incur significant costs and devote significant efforts, to find new suppliers or manufacturers.  
 We currently have limited experience in, and we do not own facilities for, clinical-scale manufacturing of our product candidates and we rely upon third-party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply drug product for our preclinical and clinical studies.  The manufacture of pharmaceutical products in compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practices (cGMP), requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced cGMP requirements, other federal and state regulatory requirements and foreign regulations. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us or under applicable regulations, our ability to provide study drugs in our clinical studies would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical study materials could delay the completion of our clinical studies, increase the costs associated with maintaining our clinical study programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new studies at significant additional expense or terminate the studies completely. 
 All manufacturers of our product candidates must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements. The FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies may also implement new standards at any time, or change their interpretation and enforcement of existing standards for manufacture, packaging or testing of products. We have little control over our manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any product supplied is compromised due to our manufacturers  failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our products and we may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay of clinical studies, regulatory submissions, approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, entail higher costs or impair our reputation. 
 Our current agreements with our suppliers do not provide for the entire supply of the drug product necessary for all anticipated clinical studies or for full scale commercialization. If we and our suppliers cannot agree to the terms and conditions for them to provide the drug product necessary for our clinical and commercial supply needs, we may not be able to manufacture the product candidate until a qualified alternative supplier is identified, which could also delay the development of, and impair our ability to commercialize, our product candidates.  
 The number of third-party suppliers with the necessary manufacturing and regulatory expertise and facilities is limited, and it could be expensive and take a significant amount of time to arrange for alternative suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. New suppliers of any product candidate would be required to qualify under applicable regulatory requirements and would need to have sufficient rights under applicable intellectual property laws to the method of manufacturing the product candidate. Obtaining the necessary FDA approvals or other qualifications under applicable regulatory requirements and ensuring non-infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could result in a significant interruption of supply and could require the new manufacturer to bear significant additional costs which may be passed on to us. 
 27 

We do not currently have the infrastructure or capability to manufacture, market and sel  l therapeutic products on a commercial scale.   
 In order for us to commercialize our therapeutic products directly, we would need to develop, or obtain through outsourcing arrangements, the capability to manufacture, market and sell our products on a commercial scale. Currently, we do not have the ability nor the financial resources to establish the infrastructure and organizations needed to execute these functions, including such infrastructure needed for the commercialization of any product from our HIV/AIDS program, which can be complex and costly. If we are unable to establish adequate manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we will not be able to directly commercialize our therapeutics products, which would limit our future growth.  
 Risks Relating to our Industry  
 If our competitors develop, acquire, or market technologies or products that are more effective than ours, this would reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity.  
 Any products that we or our collaborators or strategic partners develop by using our ZFP technology platform will enter into highly competitive markets. Even if we are able to generate ZFP Therapeutics that are safe and effective for their intended use, competing technologies may prove to be more effective or less expensive, which, to the extent these competing technologies achieve market acceptance, will limit our revenue opportunities. In some cases, competing technologies have proven to be effective and less expensive. Competing technologies may include other methods of regulating gene expression or modifying genes. ZFNs and ZFP TFs have broad application in the life sciences industry and compete with a broad array of new technologies and approaches being applied to genetic research by many companies. Competing proprietary technologies with our product development focus include but are not limited to:  

For ZFP Therapeutics:      

recombinant proteins;      

gene therapy/cDNAs;      

antisense;      

siRNA and microRNA approaches, exon skipping;      

small molecule drugs;      

monoclonal antibodies;      

CRISPR/Cas technology;      

TALE proteins, meganucleases, and MegaTALs      

For our Non-Therapeutic Applications:      

For protein production:   gene amplification, CRISPR/Cas technology, TALE technology, insulator technology, and mini-chromosomes;      

For target validation:   antisense, siRNA, TALE technology and CRISPR/Cas technology;      

For plant agriculture:   recombination approaches, mutagenesis approaches, TALE technology, CRISPR/Cas technology, mini-chromosomes; and      

For transgenic animals:   somatic nuclear transfer, embryonic stem cell, TALE, CRISPR/Cas technology and transposase technologies.      

 In addition to possessing competing technologies, our competitors include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with:  

substantially greater capital resources than ours;      

larger research and development staffs and facilities than ours; and      

greater experience in product development and in obtaining regulatory approvals and patent protection.      

 28 

These organizations also compete with us to:   

attract qualified personnel;      

attract parties for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations; and      

license the proprietary technologies of academic and research institutions that are competitive with our technology, which may preclude us from pursuing similar opportunities.      

 Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection or commercializing products before us. In addition, any products that we develop may compete with existing products or services that are well established in the marketplace.  
 Adverse public perception in the field of gene therapy and genome editing may negatively impact regulatory approval of, or demand for, our potential products.  
 Our potential therapeutic products are delivered to patients as gene-based drugs, or gene therapy. The clinical and commercial success of our potential products will depend in part on public acceptance of the use of gene therapy and genome editing for the prevention or treatment of human diseases. Public attitudes may be influenced by claims that gene therapy or genome editing is unsafe, and, consequently, our products may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Negative public reaction to gene therapy or genome editing in general could result in greater government regulation and stricter labeling requirements of gene based products, including any of our products, and could cause a decrease in the demand for any products we may develop.  
 Laws or public sentiment may limit the production of genetically modified agricultural products, and these laws could reduce our partner s ability to sell such products.  
 Genetically modified products are currently subject to public debate and heightened regulatory scrutiny, either of which could prevent or delay production of agricultural products. We have a research license and commercial option agreement with DAS through which we provide DAS with access to our proprietary ZFP technology and the exclusive right to use our ZFP technology to modify the genomes or alter the nucleic acid or protein expression of plant cells, plants or plant cell cultures. The field-testing, production and marketing of genetically modified plants and plant products are subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental regulation. Regulatory agencies administering existing or future regulations or legislation may not allow production and marketing of our genetically modified products in a timely manner or under technically or commercially feasible conditions. In addition, regulatory action or private litigation could result in expenses, delays or other impediments to our product development programs or the commercialization of resulting products.  
 The FDA currently applies the same regulatory standards to foods developed through genetic engineering as those applied to foods developed through traditional plant breeding. Genetically engineered food products, however, will be subject to pre-market review if these products raise safety questions or are deemed to be food additives. Governmental authorities could also, for social or other purposes, limit the use of genetically modified products created with our gene regulation technology.  
 Even if the regulatory approval for genetically modified products developed under our agreement with DAS was obtained, our success will also depend on public acceptance of the use of genetically modified products including drugs, plants, and plant products. Claims that genetically modified products are unsafe for consumption or pose a danger to the environment may influence public attitudes. Our genetically modified products may not gain public acceptance. The subject of genetically modified organisms has received negative publicity in the United States and particularly in Europe, and such publicity has aroused public debate. The adverse publicity in Europe could lead to greater regulation and trade restrictions on imports of genetically altered products. Similar adverse public reaction or sentiment in the United States to genetic research and its resulting products could result in greater domestic regulation and could decrease the demand for our technology and products.  
 Risks Relating to our Finances  
 We have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future.  
   We have generated operating losses since we began operations in 1995. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $40.7 million, $26.4 million and $26.6 million, respectively. The extent of our future losses and the timing of profitability are uncertain, and we expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We have been engaged in developing our ZFP technology since inception, which has and will continue to require significant research and development expenditures. To date, we have generated our funding from issuance of equity securities, revenues derived from collaboration agreements, other strategic partnerships in non-therapeutic applications of our technology, federal government research grants and grants awarded by research foundations. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $431.3 million. Since our IPO in 2000, we have generated  
 29 

an aggregate of approximately $331.4 million in gross proceeds from the sale of our equity securities. We expect to continue to   incur additional operating losses for the next several years as we continue to advance our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy product candidates. If the time required to generate significant product revenues and achieve profitability is longer than we curren  tly anticipate or if we are unable to generate liquidity through equity financing or other sources of funding, we may be forced to curtail or suspend our operations.   
 On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates related to the recognition of revenue from upfront license payments from our collaborators and strategic partners. These estimates are based on various factors that could affect the recognition of revenue. 
 We may be unable to raise additional capital, which would harm our ability to develop our technology and products.  
 We have incurred significant operating losses and negative operating cash flows since inception and have not achieved profitability. We expect capital outlays and operating expenditures to increase over the next several years as we expand our infrastructure and research and ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy product development activities. While we believe our financial resources will be adequate to sustain our current operations at least through 2017, we may need to seek additional sources of capital through equity or debt financing. In addition, as we focus our efforts on proprietary human therapeutics, we will need to seek FDA approval of potential products, a process that could cost in excess of hundreds of millions of dollars per product. Furthermore, we may experience difficulties in accessing the capital market due to external factors beyond our control such as volatility in the equity markets for emerging biotechnology companies and general economic and market conditions both in the United States and abroad. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our failure to obtain adequate and timely funding will materially adversely affect our business and our ability to develop our technology and ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy products. Furthermore, any sales of additional equity securities may result in dilutions to our stockholders and any debt financing may include business and financial covenants that restricts our operations.  
 We are at the development phase of operations and may not succeed or become profitable.  
 We began operations in 1995 and are in the early phases of ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy product development, and we have incurred significant losses since inception. To date, our revenues have been generated from collaboration agreements, other collaborations in non-therapeutic applications of our technology, federal government research grants and grants awarded by research foundations. Our focus on higher-value therapeutic product development and related collaboration requires us to incur substantial expenses associated with product development. In addition, the preclinical or clinical failure of any single product may have a significant effect on the actual or perceived value of our stock. Our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the development of a new technology, which includes the need to:  

attract and retain qualified scientific and technical staff and management, particularly scientific staff with expertise to develop our early-stage technology into therapeutic products;      

obtain sufficient capital to support the expense of developing our technology platform and developing, testing and commercializing products;      

develop a market for our products; and      

successfully transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities.      

 Risks Relating to our Relationships with Collaborators and Strategic Partners  
 If conflicts arise between us and our collaborators or strategic partners, these parties may act in their self-interest, which may limit our ability to implement our strategies.  
 If conflicts arise between our corporate or academic collaborators or strategic partners and us, the other party may act in its self-interest, which may limit our ability to implement our strategies. Some of our academic collaborators and strategic partners are conducting multiple product development efforts within each area that is the subject of the collaboration with us. Our collaborators or strategic partners, however, may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by the collaborators or strategic partners or to which the collaborators or strategic partners have rights, may result in the withdrawal of partner support for our product candidates.  
 Some of our collaborators or strategic partners could also become our competitors in the future. Our collaborators or strategic partners could develop competing products, preclude us from entering into collaborations with their competitors, fail to obtain timely regulatory approvals, terminate their agreements with us prematurely, or fail to devote sufficient resources to the development and commercialization of products. Any of these developments could harm our product development efforts.  
 30 

Our collaborators and strategic partners may control aspects of our clinical trials, which could result in delays and other obstacles in the commercialization of our proposed p  roducts.   
 We depend on third party collaborators and strategic partners to design and conduct our clinical trials for some of our therapeutic programs. As a result, we may not be able to conduct these programs in the manner or on the time schedule we currently contemplate, which may negatively impact our business operations. In addition, if any of these collaborators or strategic partners withdraws support for our programs or proposed products or otherwise impair their development; our business could be negatively affected.  
 We have a collaborative agreement with Shire, pursuant to which we are engaging in a joint program with Shire to research, develop and commercialize human therapeutics and diagnostics for Huntington s disease and other monogenic diseases based on our ZFP technology. Under this agreement, we will provide certain target feasibility activities and upon Shire s request, certain research activities under a research plan, agreed upon by both companies. Shire is responsible for clinical development and commercialization of products generated from the research program from and after the acceptance of an IND or CTA for the product.  
 In addition, we have a collaborative agreement with Biogen for the clinical development and commercialization of therapeutics based on our ZFP technology for hemoglobinopathies, including beta-thalassemia and SCD. Under the agreement, we are responsible for all discovery, research and development activities through the first human clinical trial for the first ZFP Therapeutic developed for the treatment of beta-thalassemia. In the SCD program, both parties are responsible for research and development activities through the submission of an IND.  
 Under our agreement with Biogen, they have control and broad discretion over all or certain aspects of the clinical development and commercialization of any product developed under the agreement, and we will have little, if any, influence on how these programs will be conducted. Our lack of control over the clinical development in our agreement with Biogen could cause delays or other difficulties in the development and commercialization of our product candidates, which may prevent us from completing the intended IND filings in a timely fashion and receiving any milestone, royalty payments and other benefits under the agreement. In addition, under their respective agreement(s), Biogen and Shire have certain rights to terminate the agreements by providing us with advance notices, therefore, the actual milestone payments that we may receive under these agreements may be lower than the full amounts stated above.  
 Our collaborators or strategic partners may decide to adopt alternative technologies or may be unable to develop commercially viable products with our technology, which would negatively impact our revenues and our strategy to develop these products.  
 Our collaborators or strategic partners may adopt alternative technologies, which could decrease the marketability of ZFP technology. Additionally, because many of our collaborators or strategic partners are likely to be working on more than one development project, they could choose to shift their resources to projects other than those they are working on with us. If they do so, this would delay our ability to test our technology and would delay or terminate the development of potential products based on our ZFP technology. Further, our collaborators and strategic partners may elect not to develop products arising out of our collaborative and strategic partnering arrangements or to devote sufficient resources to the development, manufacturing, marketing or sale of these products. In September 2015, we amended our agreement with Shire pursuant to which Shire will no longer continue the clinical development of our ZFP Therapeutics for hemophilia A and B. As a result, we intend to develop these programs either ourselves or seek the support of other partners or collaborators. We may not have sufficient resources and expertise to develop these programs by ourselves, and we may not be able to identify a suitable partner or negotiate a favorable collaboration agreement to allow us to continue the development of these programs. If any of these events occur, we may not be able to develop our technologies or commercialize our products.  
 If we do not successfully commercialize ZFP-based research reagents, ZFP-modified cell lines for commercial protein production, or ZFP-engineered transgenic animals under our license agreement with Sigma-Aldrich Corporation or ZFP-based agricultural products with Dow AgroSciences, or if Sigma-Aldrich Corporation or Dow AgroSciences terminates our agreements, our ability to generate revenue under these license agreements may be limited.  
   In July 2007 we entered into a license agreement with Sigma to collaborate in the application and development of ZFP-based products for use in the laboratory research reagents markets. The agreement provides Sigma with access to our ZFP technology and the exclusive right to use our ZFP technology to develop and commercialize products for use as research reagents and to offer services in related research fields. Under the agreement, Sigma has exclusive rights to develop and distribute ZFP-modified cell lines for commercial production of protein pharmaceuticals and, certain ZFP-engineered transgenic animals for commercial applications. In addition, under our license agreement with DAS relating to plant agriculture, DAS has the exclusive right to develop agricultural products using our ZFP technology in plant cells, plants or plant cell cultures. Both Sigma and DAS have the right to sublicense our technology in their respective areas. In addition to upfront payments, we may also receive additional license fees, shared sublicensing  
 31 

revenues, royalty payments and milestone payments depending on the success of the development and commercialization of the licensed pro  ducts and services covered under both agreements. The commercial milestones and royalties are typically based upon net sales of licensed products.   
 We cannot be certain that we or our collaboration partners will succeed in the development of commercially viable products in these fields of use, and there is no guarantee that we or our collaboration partners will achieve the milestones set forth in the respective license agreements. To the extent we or our collaboration partners do not succeed in developing and commercializing products or if we or our collaboration partners fail to achieve such milestones, our revenues and benefits under the license agreements will be limited. In addition, the respective license agreements may be terminated by Sigma and DAS at any time by providing us with a 90-day notice. In the event Sigma or DAS decides to terminate the license agreements, our ability to generate revenue under such license agreements will cease.  
 Our collaborations with outside scientists may be subject to change, which could limit our access to their expertise.  
 We work with scientific advisors and collaborators at academic research institutions. These scientists are not our employees and may have other commitments that would limit their availability to us. Although our scientific advisors generally agree not to do competing work, if a conflict of interest between their work for us and their work for another entity arises, we may lose their services. Although our scientific advisors and academic collaborators sign agreements not to disclose our confidential information, it is possible that some of our valuable proprietary knowledge may become publicly known through them, which may cause competitive harm to our business.  
 Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Business Operation  
 Because it is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and third parties may have filed patent applications that are similar to ours, we cannot guarantee the proprietary protection of our technologies and products.  
 Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining patent protection of our technology and successfully defending any of our patents that may be challenged. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and can involve complex legal and factual questions. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents has emerged to date. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims allowed in patents we own or license that a third party may receive.  
 We are a party to various license agreements that give us rights under specified patents and patent applications. Our current licenses, as our future licenses frequently will, contain performance obligations. If we fail to meet those obligations, the licenses could be terminated. If we are unable to continue to license these technologies on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may be forced to delay or terminate aspects of our product development and research activities.  
 With respect to our present and any future sublicenses, since our rights derive from those granted to our sublicensor, we are subject to the risk that our sublicensor may fail to perform its obligations under the master license or fail to inform us of useful improvements in, or additions to, the underlying intellectual property owned by the original licensor.  
 We are unable to exercise the same degree of control over intellectual property that we license from third parties as we exercise over our internally developed intellectual property. We do not control the prosecution of certain of the patent applications that we license from third parties; therefore, the patent applications may not be prosecuted as we desire or in a timely manner.  
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that:  

we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications;      

we or our licensors were the first to file patent applications for these inventions;      

the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our ability to do business;      

others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or reverse engineer any of our products, processes or technologies;      

any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents;      

any patents issued or licensed to us or our collaborators or strategic partners will provide a basis for commercially viable products or will provide us with any competitive advantages;      

 32 

any patents issued or licensed to us will not be challenged and invalidated by third parties; or      

we will develop additional products, processes or technologies that are patentable.      

 Others have filed and in the future are likely to file patent applications that are similar to ours. We are aware that there are academic groups and other companies that are attempting to develop technology that is based on the use of zinc finger, TALE, CRISPR/Cas and other DNA-binding proteins, and that these groups and companies have filed patent applications. Several patents have been issued, although we have no current plans to use the associated inventions. If these or other patents issue, it is possible that the holder of any patent or patents granted on these applications may bring an infringement action against our collaborators, strategic partners, or us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to the affected products and processes. The costs of litigating the claim could be substantial. Moreover, we cannot predict whether we, our collaborators, or strategic partners would prevail in any actions. In addition, if the relevant patent claims were upheld as valid and enforceable and our products or processes were found to infringe the patent or patents, we could be prevented from making, using, or selling the relevant product or process unless we could obtain a license or were able to design around the patent claims. We can give no assurance that such a license would be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that we would be able to successfully design around the relevant patent claims. There may be significant litigation in the genomics industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, which could subject us to litigation. If we become involved in litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our managerial and financial resources.  
 We rely on trade secrets to protect technology where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. Trade secrets, however, are difficult to protect. While we require employees, academic collaborators and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information or enforce these confidentiality agreements.  
 Our collaborators, strategic partners, and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information in which we may have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations and strategic partnerships, then we may not be able to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information.  
 If we use biological and hazardous materials in a manner that causes injury or violates laws, we may be liable for damages.  
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials as well as hazardous materials, chemicals, and various radioactive compounds typically employed in molecular and cellular biology. We routinely use cells in culture and gene delivery vectors, and we employ small amounts of radioisotopes in trace experiments. Although we maintain up-to-date licensing and training programs, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling, or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result, and any liability could exceed our resources. We currently carry insurance covering certain claims arising from our use of these materials. However, if we are unable to maintain our insurance coverage at a reasonable cost and with adequate coverage, our insurance may not cover any liability that may arise. We are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. To date, we have not experienced significant costs in complying with regulations regarding the use of these materials.  
 Failure to attract, retain, and motivate skilled personnel and cultivate key academic collaborations will delay our product development programs and our research and development efforts.  
 Our success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified management and scientific personnel and our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading research and academic institutions and scientists. Competition for skilled and qualified personnel and academic and other research collaborations is intense. If we lose the services of personnel with the necessary skills, including the members of our senior management team, it could significantly impede the achievement of our research and development objectives. If we fail to negotiate additional acceptable collaborations with academic and other research institutions and scientists, or if our existing collaborations are unsuccessful, our ZFP Therapeutic and gene therapy development programs may be delayed or may not succeed.  
 Risks Relating to our Common Stock and Corporate Organization  
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors.  
   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the closing price of our common stock, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ranged from a low of $4.13 to high of $6.84. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, our common stock price fluctuated, ranging from a low of $5.56 to a high of $18.54. Volatility in our common stock could cause stockholders to incur substantial losses. An active public market for our common stock may not be sustained, and the market price of our common  
 33 

stock may c  ontinue to be highly volatile. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to the following:   

announcements by us or collaborators providing updates on the progress or development status of ZFP Therapeutics and our gene therapy products;      

data from clinical trials;      

initiation or termination of clinical trials;      

changes in market valuations of similar companies;      

overall market and economic conditions, including the equity markets for emerging biotechnology companies;      

deviations in our results of operations from the guidance given by us;      

announcements by us or our competitors of new or enhanced products, technologies or services or significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;      

announcement of changes in business and operations by our collaborators and partners, or changes in our existing collaboration agreements;      

regulatory developments;      

changes, by one or more of Sangamo s security analysts, in recommendations, ratings or coverage of our stock.      

additions or departures of key personnel;      

future sales of our common stock or other securities by us, management or directors, liquidation of institutional funds that comprised large holdings of our stock; and     

decreases in our cash balances;      

 Our stock price is also influenced by public perception of gene therapy and government regulation of potential products.  
 Reports of serious adverse events in a retroviral gene transfer trial for infants with X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency (X-linked SCID) in France and subsequent FDA actions putting related trials on hold in the United States had a significant negative impact on the public perception and stock price of certain companies involved in gene therapy. Stock prices of these companies declined whether or not the specific company was involved with retroviral gene transfer for the treatment of infants with X-linked SCID, or whether the specific company s clinical trials were placed on hold in connection with these events. Other potential adverse events in the field of gene therapy may occur in the future that could result in greater governmental regulation of our potential products and potential regulatory delays relating to the testing or approval of our potential products. These external events may have a negative impact on public perception of our business, which could cause our stock price to decline.  
 Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law could make an acquisition of the Company more difficult and could prevent attempts by our stockholders to remove or replace current management.  
 Anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. In particular, under our certificate of incorporation our board of directors may issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with rights and privileges that might be senior to our common stock, without the consent of the holders of the common stock. Moreover, without any further vote or action on the part of the stockholders, the board of directors would have the authority to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of the preferred stock. This preferred stock, if it is ever issued, may have preference over, and harm the rights of, the holders of common stock. Although the issuance of this preferred stock would provide us with flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, this issuance may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock.  
 Similarly, our authorized but unissued common stock is available for future issuance without stockholder approval.  
 34 

In addition, our bylaws:   

state that stockholders may not act by written consent but only at a stockholders  meeting;      

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholders  meetings; and      

prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders.      

 We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which provides, subject to certain exceptions, that if a person acquires 15% of our voting stock, the person is an  interested stockholder  and may not engage in  business combinations  with us for a period of three years from the time the person acquired 15% or more or our voting stock.  The application of Section 203 may, in some circumstances, deter or prevent a change in control of our company even when such change may be beneficial to our stockholders. 
   
 35 

ITEM 6.   
 
        EXHIBITS      

 (a) Exhibits:  

10.1   

Eighth Amendment to Research and Commercial License Option Agreement between the Company and Dow AgroSciences, LLC., dated as of August 19, 2016  

10.2   

Consent letter between the Company and Sigma-Aldrich Co. dated July 26, 2016.  

10.3   

First Amendment to License Agreement between the Company and Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc., dated September 20, 2016.   

31.1  

Rule 13a   14(a) Certification by President and Chief Executive Officer  

31.2  

Rule 13a   14(a) Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  

32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

Confidential treatment has been requested for certain information contained in this document. Such information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   
 36 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
 Dated: October 27, 2016  

SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

/s/ H. W ARD  W OLFF   

H. Ward Wolff  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

37  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 sgmo-ex101_156.htm
 EX-10.1

sgmo-ex101_156.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
 EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO THE RESEARCH AND COMMERCIAL  
 LICENSE OPTION AGREEMENT 
 The Parties to the Research and Commercial License Option Agreement of October 1, 2005 as previously amended ( Agreement ).  Sangamo BioSciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at Point Richmond Tech Center, 501 Canal Boulevard, Suite A100, Richmond, CA 94804 ( Sangamo ), and Dow AgroSciences LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having its principal place of business at 9330 Zionsville Road, Indianapolis, IN 46268 ( DAS ), hereby further amend the Agreement as follows: 

1.   
 
 Replace Section 1.63 with the following language:    

  1.63  Stacking Crop Product   means a Crop Product that:   
 (a) is a DAS Product,  
 (b) is the direct result of using one or more ZFP Products to:  
 (i) insert one or more DNA sequences from a different source into a plant, plant cell, or plant cell culture (in each case, whether constituting or derived from a vascular or non-vascular plant) wherein each such insertion causes a Trait that (A) is entirely due to expression of the protein encoded by such inserted DNA sequence (which DNA sequence has not been directly or indirectly modified through the use of a ZFP Product) and (B) is not due, in whole or in part, to (1) the modified expression of any pre-existing gene in such plant, plant cell or plant cell culture or (2) the modification or deletion of any coding or regulatory sequence of any pre-existing gene in such plant, plant cell or plant cell culture, or 
 (ii) deletes one or more existing DNA sequences in such plant, plant cell or plant cell culture that are not coding or regulatory sequences and do not have any known function, wherein such deletion(s) do not, separately or in combination, cause a Trait or modify the expression or coding sequence of any existing gene in such plant, plant cell or plant cell culture, and  
 (c) is not the result of any other activity in the Field.  

NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 

2.   
 
      Replace Section 8.10(a) with the following language:     

 8.10(a) DAS Product Royalties.   
 (a) Crop Products.   DAS shall pay royalties to Sangamo at the rate of (i) [***] of Net Average Trait Value of each Trait Crop Product and (ii) [***] of Net Average Trait Value of each Stacking Crop Product.  For each Trait Crop Product for which the Net Average Trait Value is not determinable (because consumers are unwilling to pay separately for it, e.g. drought tolerance), but the applicable Trait will help preserve or expand sales, DAS shall pay Sangamo [***] per acre of Trait Crop Product (this is equivalent, for example, to [***] per unit of corn, [***] per bag of canola, and [***] per bag of cotton).  For each Stacking Crop Product for which the Net Average Trait Value is not determinable, DAS shall pay Sangamo [***] per acre of Stacking Crop Product.  
 This Eighth Amendment to the Agreement is effective as of the date last signed below. All other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain the same. 
 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

Dow AgroSciences LLC  

Sangamo BioSciences, Inc.  

By:   

/s/ Timothy Hassinger  

By:   

/s/ Curt A. Herberts  

Name:   

Timothy Hassinger  

Name:    

Curt A. Herberts  

Title:  

President   CEO  

Title:    

VP, Corporate Development  

Date:   

August 19, 2016  

Date:   

July 28, 2016  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 sgmo-ex102_155.htm
 EX-10.2

sgmo-ex102_155.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 

3050 Spruce Street, St. Louis, MO 63103 USA 
 Tel: (800) 521-8956  (314) 771-5765     Fax: (800) 325-5052  (314) 771-5757 
 July 26, 2016 
 Curt Herberts 
 Vice President   Head of Corporate Development 
 Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. 
 501 Canal Boulevard, Suite A 
 Richmond, CA 94804 

Re:   
 
  Consent to Sublicense     

 Dear Mr. Herberts: 
 Reference is made to the License Agreement dated July 10, 2007 between Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. (  Sangamo  ) and Sigma-Aldrich Co. (  Sigma  ) (as amended, the   Agreement  ).   Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 Concurrent with the execution of this letter by the Parties, Sigma is entering into a Non-Exclusive License Agreement with  [***]  Sciences, Inc. (  [***]  ) (  [***] License Agreement  ) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, that includes a non-exclusive sublicense of Sigma s rights under the Agreement to certain of Sangamo s intellectual property rights with respect to zinc finger proteins.  
 Sigma hereby seeks Sangamo s consent and agreement to such sublicense to [***].  Specifically, Sangamo agrees that:  
 (a) Sangamo hereby consents to the [***] License Agreement and confirms that the [***] License Agreement complies with the requirements of Section 2.2 of the Agreement (or to the extent that the [***] License Agreement does not so comply, Sangamo waives such requirement); 
 (b) [***] and its Affiliates and their sublicensees may grant further sublicenses under and pursuant to the terms of the [***] License Agreement without Sangamo s prior written approval; and  
 *** CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION 
   
 1 
 DB2/ 30707730.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
    (c) (i) in the event of termination of the lic  enses granted to Sigma in the Agreement during the term of the [***] License Agreement, and  
 (ii) where such termination does not result from any material breach by [***] or its Affiliates, sublicensees or further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) of [***] s obligations under the [***] License Agreement or of the obligations specified in Section 2.2 of the [***] License Agreement as required to be included in sublicenses,  
 then Sangamo will grant [***] a direct license effective as of the effective date of such termination of Sigma s licenses as a substitute for [***] s sublicenses from Sigma to such licenses granted by Sigma under the [***] License Agreement (which sublicenses are automatically terminated by the termination of the Agreement), and Sangamo and [***] will promptly enter into a written agreement documenting such direct license.  Such direct license shall be (i) of the same scope as the sublicense granted by Sigma to [***] under the [***] License Agreement, except to the extent that the license granted by Sigma to [***] under the [***] License Agreement is broader than the license granted by Sangamo to Sigma under the Agreement,   (ii) subject to the same reservation of rights as specified in the [***] License Agreement, and (iii) subject to the same terms and conditions as the [***] License Agreement (including the payment obligations set forth in Article 3 of the [***] License Agreement), except that [***] shall owe all such obligations to Sangamo rather than Sigma, and Sangamo shall not have any obligations to [***] under such direct license other than with respect to confidentiality and the grant of such direct license.   
 Sigma agrees that it will be responsible to Sangamo for all sublicenses granted by [***] or its Affiliates or their sublicensees or further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) as if such sublicenses were granted directly by Sigma.  Without limiting the foregoing, Sigma shall (1) ensure that each such sublicense complies with (x) the applicable terms and conditions of the Agreement as if the sublicensees of [***], its Affiliates and their sublicensees and further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) were direct sublicensees of Sigma (including without limitation, the applicable terms of Section 2.2 (to the extent not expressly waived by Sangamo in this Consent)) as well as with (y) Section 2.5 of the [***] License Agreement and Exhibit B of the [***] License Agreement, in both cases as if the sublicensees of [***], its Affiliates and their sublicensees and further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) were [***], (2) be responsible for its payment obligations under the Agreement (including without limitation, Section 7.10(b), which shall be deemed to apply to payments arising from any and all sublicenses granted by [***] or its Affiliates, their sublicensees and further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) and such entities shall be deemed to be Sublicensees) that result from the grant of any such sublicense and (3) indemnify the Sangamo Indemnitees in accordance with the Agreement as if the sublicensees of [***], its Affiliates and their sublicensees and further sublicensees (whether direct or indirect) were direct sublicensees of Sigma.   
 ***  CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 2 
 DB2/ 30707730.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
    Sangamo and Sigma each agree that [***] and its Affiliates are designa  ted third party beneficiaries of this consent and agree that as designated third party beneficiaries [***] and its Affiliates each have the right to take any actions and steps available to any of them as a third party beneficiary in law and/or in equity to   enforce compliance by Sangamo and Sigma with the obligations set forth in this consent.   
 If Sangamo is in agreement with the foregoing, please so indicate by signing below. 

Sincerely,  

SIGMA-ALDRICH CO.  

By:   

/s/ Stephanie J. Seiler  

Name:   

Stephanie J. Seiler  

Title:   

Head of Business Development  

Agreed to and acknowledged by: 
 SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

By:   

/s/ Curt A. Herberts  

Name:   

Curt A. Herberts  

Title:   

VP, Corporate Development  

***  CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 3 
 DB2/ 30707730.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
  Exhibit A  
 [***]  License Agreement   
 ***  CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 4 
 DB2/ 30707730.1  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 sgmo-ex103_154.htm
 EX-10.3

sgmo-ex103_154.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
 First Amendment to the License Agreement 
     This  First Amendment to   the License Agreement  (the   First Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of September 20, 2016 (the   First Amendment Effective Date  ) by and between  Sangamo BioSciences, Inc.,   a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at Point Richmond Tech Center, 501 Canal Boulevard, Suite A100, Richmond, California 94804 (   Sangamo   ) ,    and   Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc.    , a Delaware   corporation with offices at 3911 Sorrento Valley Boulevard, Suite 110, San Diego, CA 92121 (   OMT   ) .  OMT and Sangamo are individually referred to herein as a   Party   or collectively as the   Parties  .  
 Recitals 
         A.  OMT and Sangamo are parties to a License Agreement effective as of April 2, 2008, as modified by that certain letter agreement dated October 1, 2008 (the   Agreement  ), under which Sangamo granted to OMT a license to use, for the purpose of producing antibodies for clinical and commercial purposes, certain genetically modified rats that were generated using Sangamo s proprietary zinc finger protein technology.     
 B.  OMT   and Sangamo   desire to amend the Agreement in accordance with Section 10.7 of the Agreement to expand the scope of the license to include a new antibody-producing rat with an additional genetic modification generated using Sangamo s   proprietary zinc finger protein technology,   under the terms and conditions of this First Amendment as set out herein.   
 Now, Therefore,  the Parties agree as follows:  
 1.  First Amendment of the Agreement  
 The parties hereby agree to amend the terms of the Agreement as provided below, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date. Where the Agreement is not explicitly amended, the terms of the Agreement will remain in force. Capitalized terms used in this First Amendment that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as such terms are given in the Agreement.  
 1.1  Section 1.10 shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:  
  1.10    Modified Rat   means (a) a rat having a genomic modification that results from the use of the ZFN Deliverable created in the course of work performed under the Sigma Agreement, (b) any progeny or components thereof or any biological material derived therefrom (other than OMT Products), and (c) a DKO Rat.   
 1 
 DB2/ 30701959.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
    1.2   Section 1.18 shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:   
   1.18    Sangamo Patents    means  all Patents   that (a) are Controlled by Sangamo or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or anytime during the term of this Agreement,  and (b) claim or cover the Modified Rats or Aire-KO Rats or the use of the Modified Rats or Aire-KO Rats.   
 1.3  The following new Section 1.26 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:  
  1.26   Aire Gene    means the rat autoimmune regulator gene defined by the following NCBI gene ID:      [***]  .      
 1.4  The following new Section 1.27 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:  
  1.27    Aire-KO Rat   means (a) a rat having a genomic modification at the Aire Locus, which genomic modification (i) was created using ZFPs pursuant to a research license from Sigma s sublicensee Sage Labs, Inc. and (ii) results in   eliminated or significantly reduced expression of the Aire Gene or the expression by the Aire Gene of a protein with significantly reduced function  , and (b) any progeny thereof.     
 1.5  The following new Section 1.28 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:  
  1.28  Aire Locus   means the location of the Aire Gene in the rat genome defined by the following NCBI reference location: [***]  .    
 1.6  The following new Section 1.29 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:  
   1.29  Discovery   means that the therapeutic entity is not introduced artificially into the animal but rather is a product of endogenous processes that occur within the animal (albeit genetically modified) and whose exact chemical structure could not have been predicted a priori (e.g., an antibody).  
 1.7  The following new Section 1.30 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:  
  1.30  DKO Product   means any OMT Product wherein the relevant Modified Rat is a DKO Rat.    
 1.8  The following new Section 1.31 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:   
    1.31  DKO Rat   means (a) a rat that (i) is the progeny, whether direct or indirect, from the breeding of a Modified Rat described in Section 1.10(a) with a Aire-KO Rat, (ii) has both (1) the genomic modification at the Target that is found in such Modified Rat and (2) the genomic modification at the Aire Locus that is found in such Aire-KO Rat, and (iii) is a Modified Animal wherein the Discovery or creation of a new   
   
 ***    CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 2 
 DB2/ 30701959.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
  therapeutic can be made, and (b) any progeny or components thereof or any biological material derived the  refrom other than DKO Products.    
 1.9  The following new Section 1.32 shall be added to read in its entirety as follows:   
  1.32  Modified Animal   means a multicellular non-human animal, or tissues or organs from such an animal, the genome or genetic composition of which has been modified through the use (whether directly or indirectly) of a ZFP.   
 1.10  Section 2.1 shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:  
  2.1 Licenses to OMT.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sangamo agrees to grant to OMT a royalty-bearing, worldwide, non-exclusive license under the Sangamo Technology to use, distribute, reproduce, modify (without the use of ZFN Deliverables) and sell Modified Rats solely for the purpose of making, using and selling OMT Products.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, such license (a) does not include a license with respect to any genomic modifications that may be present in a Modified Rat that do not arise from or relate to a modification of the Target or the Aire Gene at the Aire Locus, (b) does not include any rights to any ZFPs and (c) does not include any rights to create or use DKO Rats for any purpose other than the Discovery or creation of new therapeutics, including creation of novel therapeutics through the DKO Rat s response to stimuli.  Sangamo shall not (nor shall it authorize or assist any Third Party to) develop, use or transfer a ZFN Deliverable for the benefit of itself or any Third Party for use in connection with (whether directly or indirectly) inactivation of rat immunoglobulin expression in rat cells, tissues or whole animals for any purpose other than non-commercial research purposes provided, however, that OMT s sole remedy for any material breach of this covenant by Sangamo or its Affiliates shall be termination of the OMT s payment obligations set forth in Section 3 below.   
 1.11  Section 3.3 shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:  
   3.3    Royalties   For each calendar quarter in which there are Net Sales, OMT shall pay a royalty to Sangamo equal to  [***]  of Net Sales in such quarter.  With respect to OMT Products that are not DKO Products, OMT s obligation to pay  royalties under this Section 3.3 shall expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (a) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that would be infringed by use of the ZFN Deliverable to create or generate a Modified Rat and  (b) ten (10) years after First Commercial Sale of the first OMT Product that is not a DKO Product in such country.  With respect to DKO Products, OMT s obligation to pay  royalties under this Section 3.3 shall expire on a country-by-country basis upon the latest of (i) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that would be infringed by use of the ZFN Deliverable to create or generate a Modified Rat; (ii) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that   
   
 ***    CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 3 
 DB2/ 30701959.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
  would be infringed by use of ZFPs to create or generate an Aire  -KO Rat; and   (iii) ten (10) years after First Commercial Sale of the first DKO Product in such country.   
 1.12  Section 3.4 shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:  
  3.4    Sublicensee Income   OMT shall pay to Sangamo an amount equal to   [***]   of Sublicensee Income received by OMT or its Affiliates in such calendar quarter.  With respect to OMT Products that are not DKO Products, OMT s obligation to pay   Sublicensee Income under this Section 3.4 with shall expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (a) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that would be infringed by use of the ZFN Deliverable to create or generate a Modified Rat and   (b) ten (10) years after First Commercial Sale of the first OMT Product that is not a DKO Product. With respect to DKO Products, OMT s obligation to pay   royalties under this Section 3.3 shall expire on a country-by-country basis upon the latest of (i) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that would be infringed by use of the ZFN Deliverable to create or generate a Modified Rat; (ii) expiration of the last to expire Sangamo Patent that would be infringed by use of ZFPs to create or generate a Aire-KO Rat; and   (iii) ten (10) years after First Commercial Sale of the first DKO Product.   
 1.13  Notice to OMT pursuant to Section 10.4 shall be provided as follows:  

If to OMT:  

Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc.  

c/o Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  

3911 Sorrento Valley Boulevard, Suite 110  

San Diego, CA 92121  

Attention: General Counsel  

2.  Miscellaneous  
 2.1  Full Force and Effect.    This First Amendment amends the terms of the Agreement and is deemed incorporated into the Agreement.  The provisions of the Agreement, as amended by this First Amendment, remain in full force and effect.  
 2.2  Entire Agreement.    The Agreement as amended by this First Amendment sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among or between any of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter thereof.  

***    CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION  
   
 4 
 DB2/ 30701959.1 
 
 NOTE: Portions of this Exhibit are the subject of a Confidential Treatment Request by the Registrant to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  Such portions have been redacted and are marked with a  [***]  in the place of the redacted language.  The redacted information has been filed separately with the Commission. 
   
  2.3   Counterparts.   This First Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement.  The exc  hange of a fully executed First Amendment (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission, including by email, or facsimile shall be sufficient to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this First Amendment.  

5 
 DB2/ 30701959.1 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
   
  In Witness Whereof  , the Parties have executed this First Amendment by their proper   officers as of the First   Amendment Effective Date.  

Sangamo BioSciences, Inc.  

Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc.  

By:     

/s/ Curt A. Herberts  

By:     

/s/ Matthew W. Foehr  

Name:     

Curt A. Herberts  

Name:     

Matthew W. Foehr  

Title:     

VP of Corporate Development  

Title:     

President / COO  

6 
 DB2/ 30701959.1  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sgmo-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

sgmo-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION   
 I, Alexander Macrae, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. ( registrant )     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(  b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ Alexander Macrae  

Alexander Macrae  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sgmo-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

sgmo-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION   
 I, H. Ward Wolff, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. ( registrant )     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(  b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ H. Ward Wolff   

H. Ward Wolff  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sgmo-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

sgmo-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as Adopted  
 Pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in his capacity as an officer of Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. (the  Company ), that:  
 (1) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Alexander Macrae   

Alexander Macrae  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: October 27, 2016  

/s/ H. Ward Wolff   

H. Ward Wolff  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: October 27, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 sgmo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sgmo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sgmo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sgmo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sgmo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sgmo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

