<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_805326_0001193125-16-767816_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3256457</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116088</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>239212</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>498065</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1372746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>922507</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767816.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767816
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000805326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				133306985
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17758
		FILM NUMBER:		161995174

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 CEDAR KNOLLS RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CEDAR KNOLLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07927
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-532-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 CEDAR KNOLLS RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CEDAR KNOLLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07927

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLINICAL TECHNOLOGIES ASSOCIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767816.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d237135d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)       
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                              
  Commission File Number 000-17758        
       EMISPHERE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

DELAWARE  
   
  13-3306985   
 
    (State or jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    

4 Becker Farm Road Suite 103,  
  Roseland, New Jersey   
   
  07068   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (973) 532-8000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.)    Yes       No       The number of shares of the Registrant s common
stock, $.01 par value, outstanding as of November 14, 2016 was 60,687,478.      

Table of Contents  

   EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
    Index       

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements:   

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 
30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   

6 

Item 
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

19 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

25 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

26 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

27 

Item 6. Exhibits   

29 

SIGNATURES   

30 

EXHIBIT INDEX   

31 
     
   All other items called for by the instructions to Form 10-Q have been omitted because the items are not
applicable or the relevant information is not material.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC.   
    CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015   
 (in thousands, except share and per share data)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
    CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
 (unaudited)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
    CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 (in thousands)    (unaudited)  
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  1. Nature of Operations and Liquidity      Nature of
Operations.     Emisphere Technologies, Inc. ( Emisphere,   the Company,   our,   us,  or  we ) is a
commercial stage pharmaceutical and drug delivery company. We are in partnership with global pharmaceutical companies to develop new formulations of existing products, as well as new chemical entities, using our Eligen    Technology. We launched our first prescription medical food product, oral Eligen B12 in the U.S. in March 2015, and we are currently engaged in strategic discussions to optimize its economic
value in the U.S. and global markets. Beyond Eligen B12, we utilize our proprietary Eligen     Technology to create new oral formulations of therapeutic agents. Our product pipeline includes
prescription drug and medical food product candidates that are being developed in partnership or internally.    Our core business strategy is to build new,
high-value partnerships and expand upon our existing partnerships, to enter into strategic transactions or alliances to realize the full economic potential of the oral Eligen B12 product, evaluate commercial opportunities for new prescription
medical foods, and promote new uses for our Eligen    Technology, a broad based proprietary oral drug delivery platform which makes it possible to avoid injections for drug administration
through the use of delivery agents, or carriers, which facilitate or enable transport of therapeutic molecules, including large peptides and proteins, across biological membranes such as those of the gastrointestinal tract.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Since our inception in
1986, we have generated significant losses from operations and we anticipate that we will continue to generate significant losses from operations for the foreseeable future, and that in order to continue as a going concern, our business will require
substantial additional investment that we have not yet secured.    As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was approximately $569.1 million;
our stockholder s deficit was $166.2 million. Net loss was $5.2 million compared to a net loss of $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively; our net loss was $14.5 million and $30.3 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. On September 30, 2016 we had approximately $7.5 million in cash. We have limited capital resources and operations to date have been funded with the proceeds from collaborative
research agreements, private and public debt and equity financings and income earned on investments.    As of September 30, 2016, our financial
obligations included approximately $49.7 million (face value) under our Second Amended and Restated Convertible Notes (the  Convertible Notes ), approximately $24.3 million (face value) under a loan agreement entered into on
August 20, 2014 (the  Loan Agreement ), approximately $0.8 million (face value) under our Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Notes (the  Reimbursement Notes ), and approximately $2.3 million (face value) under our
Second Amended and Restated Bridge Notes (the  Bridge Notes ). The Convertible Notes and the Loan Agreement are subject to annual net sales performance targets.  
 Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, described in Note 9 to the Financial Statements, we borrowed an aggregate of $20.0 million to finance the development,
manufacturing, marketing and sales of our oral Eligen B12 Rx Product. The loan facility will mature on December 31, 2019 and bears interest at a rate of 13% per year. In the event that we do not satisfy annual net sales targets of Eligen
B12 by December 31 for each fiscal year beginning 2015 through 2019, we will be in default under the Loan Agreement. We do not anticipate meeting the annual sales target at December 31, 2016, however, the Company is currently in
discussions with the creditor for a permanent waiver of this condition.    On October 26, 2015, we received a total payment of $14 million from Novo
Nordisk pursuant to, and consisting of, $5 million as payment for entry into the Expansion License Agreement and $9 million as prepayment of a product development milestone and in exchange for a reduction in certain future royalty payments that may
have become due and payable under the terms of our GLP-1 Development License Agreement with Novo Nordisk.    Under the terms of our loan agreements, we are
obligated to pre-pay certain loans and notes using 50% of any extraordinary receipts, such as the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk. The creditor under our Loan Agreement and Reimbursement Notes has agreed to extend the date by which we are
required to use 50% of the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk to pre-pay certain loans and notes until November 15, 2016. Because the Loan Prepayment deadline has not been extended beyond one year from September 30, 2016, we have
classified $7.0 million of the loans and notes as a current liability as of September 30, 2016.    We believe that our current cash balance will
provide sufficient capital to continue operations through November 2016. However, if the pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived, the Company will have sufficient cash to operate through approximately December 2017. The Company s
future capital requirements beyond November 2016 (or December 2017, in the event the pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived) and our financial success depend largely on our ability to raise additional capital, including by leveraging
existing and securing new partnering opportunities for Eligen B12 and the Eligen    Technology.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  While our plan is to raise capital from product partnering opportunities and/or commercial operations to address
our capital deficiencies and meet our operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that our plans will be successful. If we fail to generate sufficient capital from commercial operations or partnerships, we will need to seek capital from other
sources and risk default under the terms of our existing loans. We cannot assure you that financing will be available on favorable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain substantial cash inflows from existing or new partners or other sources prior to
November 2016 (or December 2017, in the event the prepayment obligations is further extended or waived), we could be forced to cease operations. Additionally, if additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Consequently, the audit reports prepared by our independent registered
public accounting firm relating to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Furthermore,
despite our optimism regarding the Eligen    Technology, even in the event that the Company is adequately funded, there is no guarantee that any of our partnerships will be successful, that any
of our products or product candidates will perform as hoped or that such products will be successfully commercialized.    2. Basis of Presentation
    The condensed balance sheet at December 31, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The other information in these condensed financial statements is unaudited but, in the opinion of management, reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the
results for the periods covered. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature unless disclosed otherwise. These condensed financial statements, including notes, have been prepared in accordance with the applicable rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and do not include all of the information and disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. These condensed financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and additional information as contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Results of operations for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.    Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.     3. Revenue Recognition   
  Oral Eligen B12  Rx Product     We sell our oral Eligen
B12  Rx product through drug wholesalers and retail pharmacies. We recognize revenue from prescription product sales, net of sales discounts, chargebacks, and rebates. We accept returns of unsalable product from customers within a return period
of six months prior to and 12 months following product expiration. Our oral Eligen B12  Rx product currently has a shelf life of 24 months from the date of manufacture. Given the limited history of our oral Eligen B12  Rx product, we
currently cannot reliably estimate expected returns of the prescription products at the time of shipment. Accordingly, we will defer recognition of revenue on prescription products until the right of return no longer exists, which occurs at the
earlier of the time the oral Eligen B12  Rx product is dispensed through patient prescriptions or expiration of the right of return.  
  Collaborative Agreements and Feasibility Studies     Revenue
earned from collaborative agreements and feasibility studies is comprised of reimbursed research and development costs, as well as upfront and research and development milestone payments. Deferred revenue represents payments received which are
related to future performance. Revenue from feasibility studies, which are typically short term in nature, is recognized upon delivery of the study, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are met.  
 Revenue from collaboration agreements are recognized using the proportional performance method provided that we can reasonably estimate the level of effort
required to complete our performance obligations under an arrangement and such performance obligations are provided on a best effort basis and based on  expected payments.  Under the proportional performance method, periodic revenue
related to nonrefundable cash payments is recognized as the percentage of actual effort expended to date as of that period to the total effort expected for all of our performance obligations under the arrangement. Actual effort is generally
determined based upon actual hours incurred and include research and development ( R D ) activities performed by us and time spent for Joint Steering Committee ( JSC ) activities. Total expected effort is generally based upon
the total R D and JSC hours incorporated into the project plan that is agreed to by both parties to the collaboration. Significant management judgments and estimates are required in determining the level of effort required under an arrangement
and the period over which we expect to complete the related performance obligations. Estimates of the total expected effort included in each project plan are based on historical experience of similar efforts and expectations based on the knowledge
of scientists for both the Company and its collaboration partners. The Company periodically reviews and updates the project plan for each collaborative agreement. The most recent reviews took place in January 2016. In the event that a change in
estimate occurs, the change will be accounted for using the cumulative catch-up method which provides for an adjustment to revenue in the current period. Estimates of our level of effort may change in the future, resulting in a material change in
the amount of revenue recognized in future periods.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Generally, under collaboration arrangements, nonrefundable payments received during the period of performance may
include time- or performance-based milestones. The proportion of actual performance to total expected performance is applied to the  expected payments  in determining periodic revenue. However, revenue is limited to the sum of (i) the
amount of nonrefundable cash payments received and (ii) the payments that are contractually due but have not yet been paid.    With regard to revenue
recognition in connection with development and license agreements that include multiple deliverables, Emisphere s management reviews the relevant terms of the agreements and determines whether such deliverables should be accounted for as a
single unit of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements . If it is determined that a delivered license and Eligen     Technology do not have stand-alone
value and Emisphere does not have objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered Eligen     Technology or the manufacturing value of all the undelivered items, then such deliverables are
accounted for as a single unit of accounting and any payments received pursuant to such agreement, including any upfront or development milestone payments and any payments received for support services, will be deferred and included in deferred
revenue within our balance sheet until such time as management can estimate when all of such deliverables will be delivered, if ever. Management reviews and reevaluates such conclusions as each item in the arrangement is delivered and circumstances
of the development arrangement change.     4. Stock-Based Compensation Plans   
 On April 20, 2007, our stockholders approved the 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan provides for grants of
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock, bonus stock and awards in lieu of obligations, dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards and performance awards to our executive officers and other employees, and
non-employee directors, consultants and others who provide substantial services to us. The 2007 Plan provides for the issuance of an aggregate of 9,253,876 shares. As of September 30, 2016, 3,064,416 shares are available for future grants under
our active equity plans.    Total compensation expense recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for share-based payment
awards was $80 thousand and $254 thousand, respectively. At September 30, 2016, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to non-vested stock options granted prior to that date was $0.3 million which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.4 years. No options were exercised in the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. No tax benefit was realized due to a continued pattern of operating losses.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 40,000 options to Michael Garone, former Chief Financial Officer (valued on the
grant date at $0.61 using the Black Scholes pricing model).    The following weighted-average assumptions were used for grants made under the stock option
plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
    5. Inventory     Inventory
consists of the following:      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

   6. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets   
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:      
    7. Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net       

    8. Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses   
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:      
    9. Notes Payable     Notes
payable, related party, net of related discounts, consists of the following:      
    Loan Agreement.  On August 20, 2014, the Company entered into a series of agreements (the Transaction Documents)
with MHR Capital Partners Master Account LP, MHR Capital Partners (100) LP, MHR Institutional Partners II LP, and MHR Institutional Partners IIA LP, (collectively,  MHR  or the  Lenders ), for a new loan facility (the
 Loan Agreement ), an extension of the Company s existing obligations under various promissory notes previously issued to the Lenders, and for payment by the Company of certain royalties to MHR (the  Transaction ).  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The Loan Agreement provides for, among other things, a commitment (the  Commitment ) of the Lenders to
loan the Company up to $20 million to finance the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of oral Eligen     B12 (the  B12 Product ). The Company may made five borrowings (each,
a  Borrowing , and collectively, the  Loan ) under the Loan Agreement. The first borrowing under the Loan Agreement occurred on August 20, 2014, in an original principal amount of $5.0 million, the second occurred on
November 4, 2014 in an original principal amount of $3.0 million, the third occurred on January 6, 2015 in an original principal amount of $5.0 million, the fourth occurred on April 6, 2015 in an original principal amount of $5.0
million, and the fifth and final borrowing occurred on July 1, 2015 in an original principal amount of $2.0 million. In addition, as described below, if the Company does not have sufficient cash in excess of the Minimum Cash Balance, as defined
below, to pay any Royalties that become due under the Royalty Agreement, as described below, such Royalties will be paid as an additional Loan under the Loan Agreement by increasing the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement (any such
Loan,  Paid-In-Kind Royalties ). The  Minimum Cash Balance  generally means cash on hand (plus certain cash expenditures during such fiscal year that are unrelated to the B12 Product or related products) of at least $10 million
(or $15 million, under certain circumstances), subject to certain permitted deductions. On December 31, 2015, the Company had a $12.9 million cash balance, greater than the $10 million Minimum Cash Balance as defined under the Loan Agreement,
therefore $0.2 million Royalties payable for 2015 under the Royalty Agreement was due in cash. MHR has agreed to extend the date by which we are required to make the $0.2 million Royalty payment in cash under the terms of the Royalty Agreement until
November 15, 2016.    Except with respect to Paid-In-Kind Royalties incurred under the Loan Agreement after all amounts of principal and interest have
previously been paid in full, the Loan will mature on the earlier of (a) December 31, 2019 and, (b) 30 days after the end of any fiscal year in which the Company s cash (plus certain cash expenditures during such fiscal year that
are unrelated to the B12 Product or related products) as of the end of such fiscal year (subject to certain permitted deductions) is more than three times the principal amount of the Loan as of the end of such fiscal year. Paid-In-Kind Royalties
incurred under the Loan Agreement after all amounts of principal and interest have previously been paid in full mature one year following the date of incurrence. The Loan bears interest at a rate of 13% per annum (the  Interest
Rate ), compounded monthly, and will be payable in kind and in arrears on June 30 and December 31 of each year up to and including the maturity date by increasing the outstanding principal amount of the Loan by the amount of each such
interest payment. So long as an event of default under the Loan Agreement (an  Event of Default ) has occurred and is continuing, at the election of MHR, interest shall accrue on the Loan at a rate equal to 2% per annum above the
Interest Rate ( Default Rate ). Interest at the Default Rate shall accrue from the initial date of such Event of Default until that Event of Default is cured or waived in writing and shall be payable upon demand and, if not paid when due,
shall itself bear interest at the Default Rate. The Loan must be repaid from time to time prior to maturity pursuant to (a) a cash sweep of 50% of the Company s adjusted consolidated free cash flow, or 75% of the Company s adjusted
consolidated free cash flow in any year in which the adjusted consolidated free cash flow exceeds $50 million, to the extent such cash sweep does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of such year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance,
(b) a cash sweep of 50% of any cash proceeds received from any third party in connection with the license, distribution or sale of any of the Company s products other than the B12 Product or related products (the  Non-B12
Products ), subject to the priority described below, and (c) a Royalty Match (as described below), to the extent such Royalty Match does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of such year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance
and subject to the priority described below. The Loan Agreement provides for certain representations and warranties, conditions precedent to the Lenders  obligation to lend, affirmative and negative covenants of the Company (including, but not
limited to, certain milestones in the development of its B12 Products) and Events of Default.    In connection with the cash proceeds of $14 million from
Novo Nordisk in October 2015, the Company was obligated to pre-pay $0.8 million of the Reimbursement Notes and $6.2 million of the Loans on November 26, 2015. The creditor under our Loan Agreement and Reimbursement Notes has agreed to extend
the date by which we are required to pre-pay such amounts under the Loan Agreement and Reimbursement Notes until November 15, 2016. Because the Loan Prepayment deadline has not been extended beyond one year from September 30, 2016, we have
classified $0.8 million of the Reimbursement Notes and $6.2 million of the Loans as a current liability as of September 30, 2016 in the accompanying condensed balance sheet.  
 In connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement, on August 20, 2014, the Lenders and the Company further amended and restated (i) the
Convertible Notes issued by the Company to certain of the Lenders, (ii) the Bridge Notes issued by the Company to certain of the Lenders, and (iii) the Reimbursement Notes (and, together with the Convertible Notes and Bridge Notes, the
 MHR Notes ). Also, in connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement and the amendment and restatement of the MHR Notes, Institutional Partners IIA and the Company have amended the Pledge and Security Agreement, dated
September 26, 2005, as amended, by and between the Company and Institutional Partners IIA to, among other things, secure the Reimbursement Notes and payments due under the Loan Agreement with substantially all of the Company s assets, and
secure the payments due under the Royalty Agreement and Paid-In-Kind Royalties due under the Loan Agreement with the Company s intellectual property relating to the B12 Products and related products. As of September 30, 2016, the principal
balance of the Loan was $24.3 million.     Convertible Notes.  On September 26, 2005, we received net proceeds of approximately $12.9 million
under a $15 million secured loan agreement (the  2005 Loan Agreement ) executed with MHR. Under the 2005 Loan Agreement, MHR requested, and on May 16, 2006, we effected, the exchange of the loan from MHR for the predecessor of the
Convertible Notes, which were 11% senior secured convertible notes with substantially the same terms as the 2005 Loan Agreement, except that the original Convertible Notes were convertible, at the sole discretion of MHR, into shares of our common
stock at a price per share of $3.78. In connection with the original Convertible Notes exchange, the Company agreed to appoint a representative of MHR (the  MHR Nominee ) and another person (the  Mutual Director ) to the Board.
Further, the Company agreed to amend, and in January 2006 did amend, its certificate of incorporation to provide for continuity of the MHR Nominee and the Mutual Nominee on the Board so long as MHR holds at least 2% of the outstanding common stock
of the Company. The original Convertible Notes were amended and restated on May 7, 2013 and as described above, amended and restated a second time on August 20, 2014.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The Convertible Notes now provide for a new maturity date of March 31, 2022 (subject to acceleration upon
the occurrence of certain specified events of default, including the failure to meet certain sales, performance, and manufacturing milestones specified in the Convertible Notes). The interest rate is 13% per annum, compounded monthly, which
interest will be payable in the form of additional Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are collateralized by a first priority lien in favor of the Lenders on substantially all of the Company s assets. After all principal and interest under
the Loan Agreement and Reimbursement Notes are repaid, the remaining Convertible Notes must be redeemed from time to time prior to maturity pursuant to a cash sweep of 50% of the Company s adjusted consolidated free cash flow (75% of the
Company s adjusted consolidated free cash flow in any year in which the Company s adjusted consolidated free cash flow exceeds $50 million) to the extent such cash sweep does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of such year to
be less than the Minimum Cash Balance. The Convertible Notes are convertible, at the option of the holders, at a conversion price of $1.25 per share of common stock, which conversion price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified
events, including stock dividends, stock splits, certain fundamental corporate transactions, and certain issuances of common stock by the Company. The Convertible Notes must also be redeemed from time to time prior to maturity pursuant to (a) a
cash sweep of 50% of any cash proceeds received from any third party in connection with the license, distribution or sale of any Non-B12 Product, subject to the priority described below and (b) a Royalty Match (as described below), to the
extent such Royalty Match does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of such year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance and subject to the priority described below. If we fail to meet our obligations under the terms of the Convertible
Notes, or fail to meet any of the net sales targets included in the Convertible Notes, we would be in default under these notes, which would give MHR the option of foreclosing on substantially all of our assets. We do not anticipate meeting the
annual sales target at December 31, 2016, however, the Company is currently in discussions with the creditor for a permanent waiver of this condition. As of September 30, 2016, the principal balance of the Convertible Notes was $49.7
million; and the Convertible Notes were convertible into 39,720,243 shares of our common stock.     Reimbursement Notes.  On June 8, 2010, the
Company issued the predecessor to the Reimbursement Notes to MHR in the form of certain non-interest bearing promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $600,000 in reimbursement for legal expenses incurred by MHR in connection with
MHR s agreement to, among other things, waive certain rights as a senior secured party of the Company and enter into a non-disturbance agreement with the Company s collaboration partner, Novartis Pharma AG, and, if necessary, to enter into
a comparable agreement in connection with another potential Company transaction. The original Reimbursement Notes were amended and restated on May 7, 2013 and, as described above, amended and restated again on August 20, 2014.  
 The Reimbursement Notes provide for a maturity date of the earlier of (a) March 31, 2022 and (b) immediately prior to the time that any amounts
outstanding under the Loan Agreement are repaid (subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of certain events of default specified in the Reimbursement Notes), and bear interest at the rate of 10% per annum, compounded monthly, which interest
is payable in the form of additional Reimbursement Notes. The Reimbursement Notes are collateralized by a first priority lien in favor of the Lenders on substantially all of the Company s assets. The Reimbursement Notes are convertible, at the
option of the holders, at a conversion price of $0.50 per share of common stock, which conversion price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events, including stock dividends, stock splits, certain fundamental corporate
transactions, and certain issuances of common stock by the Company. The Reimbursement Notes must also be redeemed from time to time prior to maturity pursuant to a cash sweep of 50% of any cash proceeds received from any third party in connection
with the license, distribution or sale of any Non-B12 Product, subject to the priority described below. As of September 30, 2016, the principal balance of the Reimbursement Notes was $0.8 million; and the Reimbursement Notes were convertible
into 1,588,682 shares of our common stock.    In connection with the cash proceeds of $14 million from Novo Nordisk in October 2015, the Company was
obligated to pre-pay $0.8 million of the Reimbursement Notes and $6.2 million of the Loans on November 26, 2015. The creditor under the Reimbursement Notes and Loan Agreement has agreed to extend the date by which we are required to pre-pay
such amounts under the Reimbursement Notes and Loan Agreement until November 15, 2016.     Bridge Notes.  On October 17, 2012, the Company
issued to MHR the predecessor to the Bridge Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1,400,000. The original Bridge Notes provided for an interest rate of 13% per annum and were payable on demand. The Bridge Notes were amended and restated
on May 7, 2013 and restated again on August 20, 2014.    The Bridge Notes provide for a maturity date of March 31, 2022 (subject to
acceleration upon the occurrence of certain events of default specified) and bear interest at 13% per year, compounded monthly and payable in the form of additional Bridge Notes. The Bridge Notes are collateralized by a first priority lien in
favor of the Lenders on substantially all of the Company s assets. The Bridge Notes are convertible, at the option of the holders, at a conversion price of $0.50 per share of common stock, which conversion price is subject to adjustment upon
the occurrence of specified events, including stock dividends, stock splits, certain fundamental corporate transactions, and certain issuances of common stock by the Company. The Bridge Notes must also be redeemed from time to time prior to maturity
pursuant to (a) a cash sweep of 50% of any cash proceeds received from any third party in connection with the license, distribution or sale of any Non-B12 Product, subject to the priority described below and (b) a Royalty Match (as
described below), to the extent such Royalty Match does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of such year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance and subject to the priority described below. As of September 30, 2016, the principal
balance the Bridge Notes was $2.3 million; and the Bridge Notes were convertible into 4,515,544 shares of our common stock.    The priority of the cash
sweep for Non-B12 Products is as follows: (i) to redeem the Reimbursement Notes, (ii) to prepay principal and interest outstanding under the Loan Agreement; (iii) to reduce the Commitment; (iv) to redeem the Convertible Notes;
and (v) to redeem the Bridge Notes.     Royalty Agreement . As a condition to MHR entering into the Loan Agreement and amending and restating the
MHR Notes, the Company and MHR entered into a Royalty Agreement (the  Royalty Agreement ) on August 20, 2014 pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay to MHR, subject to specified terms and conditions, royalties in perpetuity (the
 Royalties ), commencing as of the date of the Royalty Agreement, in an amount equal to: twenty percent (20%) of all Net Product Sales (as defined in the Royalty Agreement) and any third party payments arising in connection with the
sale of the B12 Product and related products, during any fiscal year; provided that, from and after October 1, 2015, if no amount of indebtedness is outstanding under the Loan Agreement (the  Indebtedness Repayment Condition ), such
amount shall be reduced to (i) five percent (5%) of all Net Sales and third party payments commencing with the first quarter immediately following the quarter in which the  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Indebtedness Repayment Condition is satisfied, or (ii) two and one half percent (2.5%) of all Net Sales commencing with the quarter immediately following the quarter in which the
Indebtedness Repayment Condition is satisfied, but only with respect to the Net Sales made in any country in which there was not a Valid Patent Claim (as defined in the Royalty Agreement) and where generic entry of a competitive product not by the
Company or its affiliates that does not infringe a Valid Patent Claim in such country has occurred, in each case as of the last day of such Fiscal Quarter. Once the royalty rate has been reduced to 5%, the rate shall not be reinstated to 20% even if
amounts become outstanding under the Loan Agreement as a result of Paid-In-Kind Royalties. Payments of Royalties shall be made in cash to the extent such Royalties do not cause the Company s cash as of the end of any year to be less than the
Minimum Cash Balance, and otherwise shall be paid as Paid-In-Kind Royalties.    If any Royalties become due under the Royalty Agreement when the royalty
rate is 5% or 2.5%, the amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement, Convertible Notes and Bridge Notes shall be reduced in an amount equal to such royalty payment, to the extent such payment does not cause the Company s cash as of the end of
such year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance (the  Royalty Match ), in the following priority: (i) first, to prepay the Loan; (ii) second, to redeem the Convertible Notes; and (iii) finally, to redeem the Bridge Notes.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $32 and $173 thousand of royalty expense, respectively.    The carrying
value of the MHR Notes is comprised of the following:      
    10. Derivative Instruments   
 Derivative instruments consist of the following:      
   Some of the Company s outstanding derivative instruments have an exercise price reset feature. The estimated fair value
of warrants and embedded conversion features that have an exercise price reset feature is estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The estimated fair value of warrants that do not contain an exercise price reset feature is measured using the
Black-Scholes valuation model. Inherent in both of these models are assumptions related to expected volatility, remaining life, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. For the Monte Carlo model, we estimate the probability and timing of
potential future financing and fundamental transactions as applicable.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

    Embedded Conversion Feature of MHR Notes.   The Convertible Notes, the Reimbursement Notes, and the
Bridge Notes (collectively, the  MHR Notes ) contain a provision whereby the conversion price is adjustable upon the occurrence of certain events, including the issuance by Emisphere of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price
which is lower than the current conversion price of each of the MHR Notes and lower than the then-current market price. Under FASB ASC 815-40-15-5, the embedded conversion feature of the MHR Notes is not considered indexed to the Company s own
stock and, therefore, does not meet the scope exception in FASB ASC 815-10-15 and thus needs to be accounted for as a derivative liability. The liabilities associated with the Convertible Notes and the Bridge Notes have been presented as a
non-current liability as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, to correspond to their host contracts.     Convertible
Notes   .   In addition to the foregoing, the adjustment provision of the Convertible Notes does not become effective unless and until the Company were to raise $10 million through the issuance of common stock or common stock
equivalents during any consecutive 24 month period. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes is estimated at the end of each quarterly reporting period using the Monte Carlo model. The assumptions used in computing
the fair values as September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:      
   The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes increased $0.6 million and $1.5 million for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes decreased $0.3 million and
increased $4.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statement of operations.  
  Reimbursement Notes  .  The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Reimbursement Notes is estimated at the end of each quarterly
reporting period using the Monte Carlo model. The assumptions used in computing the fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
   The fair value of the embedded conversion of the Reimbursement Notes increased $35 thousand and $0.2 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Reimbursement Notes decreased $33 thousand and increased $0.2
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statement of operations.  
  Bridge Notes  .  The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Bridge Notes is estimated at the end of each quarterly reporting period
using the Monte Carlo model. The assumptions used in computing the fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
   The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Bridge Notes increased $0.1 million and $0.4 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the embedded conversion feature of the Bridge Notes decreased $0.1 million and increased $0.6
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants.  In June 2010, the Company granted MHR warrants to purchase
865,000 shares of its common stock (the  June 2010 Warrants ). In connection with the Restructuring, on May 7, 2013, the Company amended and restated the Original Warrants such that the expiration date of the Original Warrant was
extended to July 8, 2019, and the exercise price was reduced to $0.50 per share (as amended and restated, the  Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants ). The exercise price of the Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants is adjustable
upon the occurrence of certain events, including the issuance by Emisphere of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price which is lower than the current exercise price of these warrants and lower than the current market price. However, the
adjustment provision does not become effective unless the Company were to raise $10 million through the issuance of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price which is lower than the current conversion price of these warrants and lower than
the current market price during any consecutive 24 month period. The fair value of the Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants is estimated at the end of each quarterly reporting period using the Monte Carlo model. The assumptions used in computing
the fair value of the Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:      
   The fair value of the Amended and Restated June 2010 MHR Warrants decreased $15 thousand and $0.1 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the Amended and Restated June 2010 MHR Warrants decreased $60 thousand and increased $0.2 million for
the three and nine months September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations.     Amended and
Restated Warrants.  Prior to the Restructuring, the Company issued to MHR warrants to purchase varying amounts of its common stocks at various times from 2009 through 2011, as described more fully below (the August 2009 Warrants, August 2010
Warrants, August 2010 MHR Waiver Warrants, July 2011 Warrants, July 2011 MHR Waiver Warrants, and collectively, the  Original Warrants ). In connection with the Restructuring, on May 7, 2013, the Company amended and restated each of
the Original Warrants such that the expiration date of each Original Warrant was extended to July 8, 2019, and the exercise price was reduced to $0.50 per share (as amended and restated, the  Amended and Restated August 2009
Warrants ,  Amended and Restated August 2010 Warrants ,  Amended and Restated August 2010 MHR Waiver Warrants ,  Amended and Restated July 2011 Warrants ,  Amended and Restated July 2011 MHR Waiver
Warrants , and collectively, the  Amended and Restated Warrants ) . Under the terms of each of the Amended and Restated Warrants, as well as the August 2010 Investor Warrants, July 2011 Investor Warrants and 2013 Restructuring
Warrants (collectively, the Investor Warrants, and together with the Original Warrants, the  Warrants ), the Company has an obligation to make a cash payment to the holders of each of the Warrants for any gain that could have been realized
if such holder exercised the warrants and we subsequently failed to deliver a certificate representing the shares to be issued upon such exercise by the third trading day after the Warrants were exercised. Accordingly, the Warrants have been
accounted for as a liability. The fair value of each of the Warrants is estimated, at the end of each quarterly reporting period, using the Black-Scholes model. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of the Original Warrants as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:      
   The fair value of the Original Warrants decreased $0.2 million and $1.0 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the Original Warrants decreased $1.0 million and increased $2.5 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   2013 Restructuring Warrants  .  The Company issued to MHR warrants to purchase 10 million shares
of its common stock (the  2013 Restructuring Warrants ) as part of the Restructuring. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of the 2013 Restructuring Warrants as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as
follows:      
   The fair value of the 2013 Restructuring Warrants decreased $0.1 million and $0.9 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value of the 2013 Restructuring Warrants decreased $0.9 million and increased $2.3 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations.     August 2010 Investor
Warrants  .  In connection with the August 2010 Financing, Emisphere sold warrants to purchase 2.6 million shares of common stock to unrelated investors (the  August 2010 Warrants ). On July 12, 2011, one of the unrelated
investors notified the Company of its intention to exercise 0.2 million warrants. On August 26, 2015, the remaining 2010 Investor Warrants expired.  
 The fair value of the August 2010 Investor Warrants decreased $15 thousand and $29 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying statements of operations.     July 2011 Investor Warrants  .  In connection with the
July 2011 Financing, Emisphere sold warrants to purchase 3.01 million shares of common stock to unrelated investors (the  July 2011 Warrants ). On July 6, 2016, the July 2011 Warrants expired. 
 The fair value of the July 2011 Investor Warrants decreased $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which has been recognized in the
accompanying statements of operations. The July 2011 Investor Warrants decreased $0.2 million and increased $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which has been recognized in the accompanying
statements of operations.     11. Net Loss Per Share   
 For the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, certain potential shares of common stock have been excluded from the calculation
of loss per share because the exercise price was greater than the average market price of our common stock, and therefore, the effect would have been anti-dilutive. In addition, incremental shares from the assumed conversion of the MHR note payable
are excluded, as the effect of these shares is anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the number of potential shares of common stock that have been excluded from diluted net income per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.  

15  

Table of Contents  

   12. Commitments and Contingencies   
  Commitments.     We lease office space at 4 Becker Farm Road,
Roseland, New Jersey under a non-cancellable operating lease expiring in 2017.    As of September 30, 2016, future minimum rental payments are as
follows:      
   The Company evaluates the financial consequences of legal actions periodically or as facts present themselves and records
accruals to account for its best estimate of future costs accordingly.     Contingencies.   
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with third parties that include indemnification provisions which, in our judgment, are normal and
customary for companies in our industry sector. These agreements are typically with business partners, clinical sites, and suppliers. Pursuant to these agreements, we generally agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse indemnified parties for
losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties with respect to our product candidates, use of such product candidates, or other actions taken or omitted by us. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make
under these indemnification provisions is unlimited. We have not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. As a result, the estimated fair value of liabilities relating to these
provisions is minimal. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded for these provisions as of September 30, 2016.    In the normal course of business,
we may be confronted with issues or events that may result in a contingent liability. These generally relate to lawsuits, claims, environmental actions or the action of various regulatory agencies. If necessary, management consults with counsel and
other appropriate experts to assess any matters that arise. If, in our opinion, we have incurred a probable loss as set forth by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., an estimate is made of the loss and the appropriate accounting
entries are reflected in our financial statements.    As a condition to MHR entering into the Loan Agreement and amending and restating the MHR Notes, the
Company and MHR entered into a Royalty Agreement (the  Royalty Agreement ) on August 20, 2014 providing for the payment by the Company to MHR of certain royalties on the terms and conditions set forth therein (see Note 9).  
 Under the terms of the Royalty Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to MHR, subject to the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement, royalties in
perpetuity (the  Royalties ), commencing as of the date of the Royalty Agreement, in an amount equal to: twenty percent (20%) of all Net Product Sales (as defined in the Royalty Agreement) and any third party payments arising in
connection with the sale of the B12 Product and related products, during any fiscal year; provided that, from and after October 1, 2015, if no amount of indebtedness is outstanding under the Loan Agreement (the  Indebtedness Repayment
Condition ), such amount shall be reduced to (i) five percent (5%) of all Net Sales and third party payments commencing with the first quarter immediately following the quarter in which the Indebtedness Repayment Condition is
satisfied, or (ii) two and one half percent (2.5%) of all Net Sales commencing with the quarter immediately following the quarter in which the Indebtedness Repayment Condition is satisfied, but only with respect to the Net Sales made in
any country in which there was not a Valid Patent Claim (as defined in the Royalty Agreement) and where generic entry of a competitive product not by the Company or its affiliates that does not infringe a Valid Patent Claim in such country has
occurred, in each case as of the last day of such Fiscal Quarter. Once the royalty rate has been reduced to 5%, the rate shall not be reinstated to 20% even if amounts become outstanding under the Loan Agreement as a result of Paid-In-Kind
Royalties. Payments of Royalties shall be made in cash to the extent such Royalties do not cause the Company s cash as of the end of any year to be less than the Minimum Cash Balance, and otherwise shall be paid as Paid-In-Kind Royalties.  
  13. Income Taxes     The Company is primarily subject to
United States federal and New Jersey state income tax. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the Company had no
accruals for interest or penalties related to income tax matters.     14. New Accounting Pronouncements   
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU 2015-11 ). ASU 2015-11 requires
that inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory measured using last-in, first-out and retail inventory method are excluded from this new guidance. This ASU replaces the concept of
market with the single measurement of net realizable value and is intended to create efficiencies for preparers and more closely aligns U.S. GAAP with IFRS. This ASU is effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Prospective application is required and early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
the new standards.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest  ( ASU
2015-03 ), which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not have a
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to the first quarter of 2018 to provide companies
sufficient time to implement the standards. Early adoption will be permitted, but not before the first quarter of 2017. Adoption can occur using one of two prescribed transition methods. In March and April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  and ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  which
provide supplemental adoption guidance and clarification to ASC 2014-09. ASU 2016-08 and ASU 2016-10 must be adopted concurrently with the adoption of ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these new standards.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
( ASU 2014-15 ), which provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU
2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.    During January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted with the exception of certain provisions related to the presentation of other comprehensive income. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to
have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    During February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The standard requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases, including operating leases, with a term greater than 12 months on its balance sheet. The update also expands
the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the new standard.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,  Contingent Put and Call Option in Debt Instruments 
( ASU 2016-06 ). ASU 2016-06 is intended to simplify the analysis of embedded derivatives for debt instruments that contain contingent put or call options. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 clarify that an entity is required to assess the
embedded call or put options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to initially assess whether the event that triggers the ability to
exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 take effect for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016 01 to have a significant impact on its financial statements.  
 In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09
simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as
classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and the impact on
its financial statements and footnote disclosures.    In August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 clarifies the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2016-15 to have a material impact on its financial statements.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had
any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards been adopted in the current period.     15. Fair Value   
 In accordance with FASB ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   the following table represents the Company s fair value
hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Level 3 financial instruments consist of certain common stock warrants and embedded conversion features. The fair value of
these warrants and embedded conversion features that have exercise reset features are estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The unobservable input used by the Company was the estimation of the likelihood of a reset occurring on the embedded
conversion feature of the Amended and Restated Convertible Notes, the embedded conversion feature of the Amended and Restated Reimbursement Notes, the embedded conversion feature of the Amended and Restated Bridge Notes, and the embedded conversion
feature of the Amended and Restated June 2010 Warrants. These estimates of the likelihood of completing an equity raise that would meet the criteria to trigger the reset provisions are based on numerous factors, including the remaining term of the
financial instruments and the Company s overall financial condition.    The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the Company s
Level 3 financial instruments for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      
   Changes in the unobservable input values would likely cause material changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3
financial instruments. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement is the estimation of the likelihood of the occurrence of a change to the contractual terms of the financial instruments. A significant increase (decrease)
in this likelihood would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT   
  Certain statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report as well
as statements made from time to time by our representatives may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include (without
limitation) statements regarding the success of our commercialization initiatives; the sufficiency of our cash position; our ability to enter into strategic partnerships; our ability, and that of our partners, to develop, manufacture and
commercialize products using our Eligen     technology; planned or expected studies and trials of oral formulations that utilize our Eligen
    Technology; the potential market size, advantages or therapeutic uses of our potential products. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include the factors described under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and other factors discussed
in connection with any forward-looking statements.      General   
 Emisphere Technologies, Inc. is a commercial stage pharmaceutical and drug delivery company. We are in partnership with global pharmaceutical companies to
develop new formulations of existing products, as well as new chemical entities, using our Eligen     Technology. We launched our first prescription medical food product, oral Eligen B12 
in the U.S. in March 2015, and we are currently engaged in strategic discussions to optimize its economic value in the U.S. and global markets. Beyond Eligen B12 , we utilize our proprietary Eligen
    Technology to create new oral formulations of therapeutic agents. Our product pipeline includes prescription drug and medical food product candidates that are being developed in partnership
or internally.    Our core business strategy is to build new, high-value partnerships and continue to expand upon existing partnerships, to enter into a
strategic transaction or alliance to realize the full economic potential of the oral Eligen B12  product, evaluate commercial opportunities for new prescription medical foods, and promote new uses for our Eligen     Technology, a broad-based proprietary oral drug delivery platform which makes it possible to avoid injections for drug administration through the use of delivery agents, or  carriers, 
which facilitate or enable transport of therapeutic molecules, including large peptides and proteins, across biological membranes such as those of the gastrointestinal tract. Our product pipeline includes prescription drug and medical food product
candidates that are being developed in partnership or internally.     Eligen     Technology
    The Eligen     Technology is a broadly applicable proprietary oral drug delivery technology
based on the use of proprietary synthetic chemical compounds known as Eligen     delivery agents, or carriers. These carriers facilitate and enable the transport of therapeutic macromolecules
(such as proteins, peptides, and polysaccharides) and poorly absorbed small molecules across biological membranes. The Eligen     Technology not only facilitates absorption, but it acts rapidly
in the upper sections of the gastrointestinal tract where absorption is thought to occur. Using Eligen     Technology, most therapeutic macromolecules reach the general circulation in less than
an hour post-dose, which can limit enzymatic degradation that typically affects macromolecules and may be advantageous in cases where time to onset of action is important (i.e. analgesics). The Eligen
    technology is distinguished from competitive technologies in that absorption takes place through a transcellular pathway, as opposed to passing between cells, preserving the integrity of the
tight junctions within the cell walls and reducing the likelihood of inflammatory processes and autoimmune gastrointestinal diseases. Furthermore, Eligen     Technology carriers are rapidly
absorbed, distributed, metabolized and eliminated from the body, and they do not accumulate in the organs and tissues and are considered safe at anticipated doses and dosing regimens. Drugs or nutritional supplements whose bioavailability is limited
by poor membrane permeability or chemical or biological degradation, and which have a moderate-to-wide therapeutic index, appear to be the best candidates for use with the Eligen     Technology.
Our carriers do not alter the chemical properties of the drug nor its biological activity. Target molecules could be currently available or under development. Such molecules are usually delivered by injection; and, in many cases, their benefits are
limited due to poor bioavailability, slow on-set of action or variable absorption. In those cases, our technology may increase the benefit of the therapy by improving bioavailability or absorption or by decreasing time to onset of action. The Eligen
    Technology can be applied to the oral route of administration as well as other delivery pathways, such as buccal, rectal, inhalation, intra-vaginal or transdermal. The Eligen     Technology makes it possible to deliver certain therapeutic molecules orally without altering their chemical form or biological activity. Eligen
    delivery agents, or  carriers , facilitate or enable the transport of therapeutic molecules across the mucous membranes of the gastrointestinal tract, to reach the tissues of the
body where they can exert their intended pharmacological effect. Our development efforts are conducted internally or in collaboration with corporate development partners. Typically, the drugs that we target are at an advanced stage of development,
or have already received regulatory approval, and are currently available on the market.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

    Eligen     Technology License Agreements   
   Our most advanced collaborative partner, Novo Nordisk, is using our Eligen     Technology in
combination with its proprietary GLP-1 receptor agonists and insulins. Novo Nordisk recently began Phase III clinical development of its GLP-1 analog, oral-semaglutide, a once daily oral formulation of their long-acting GLP-1 analog for the
treatment of Type 2 diabetes, using our absorption-enhancing carrier, Sodium N-[8-(2-hydroxybenzoyl) Amino] Caprylate (SNAC), which is one of our Eligen     Technology delivery agents, or
carriers. Novo Nordisk s Phase 3a program, consists of seven trials and approximately 9,300 patients with Type 2 diabetes. Novo Nordisk s decision to initiate this global Phase 3a program follows encouraging results from the proof of
concept Phase 2 program and consultations with regulatory authorities. The advancement of oral semaglutide into Phase 3a development represents a significant milestone for our Eligen    
Technology platform and supports our belief that products developed using our carriers have the potential to overcome bioavailability challenges commonly associated with the oral administration of peptides and certain other compounds.  
 In June 2008, Novo Nordisk and Emisphere entered into the GLP-1 Development and License Agreement (the GLP-1 License Agreement) under which Novo Nordisk
acquired the right to develop and commercialize oral formulations of its GLP-1 analogs using the Eligen     Technology. Under the GLP-1 License Agreement, we are eligible to receive product
development and sales milestone payments, and royalties on sales in the event Novo Nordisk commercializes products developed under this agreement. In October 2015, we amended the GLP-1 License Agreement to provide for, among other things, a payment
of $9.0 million to us from Novo Nordisk as prepayment of a product development milestone in exchange for a reduction in certain future royalty payments.  
 During October 2015, we also entered into a new Development and License Agreement with Novo Nordisk (the Expansion License Agreement) to develop and
commercialize oral formulations of four classes of Novo Nordisk s investigational molecules targeting major metabolic disorders, including diabetes and obesity, using our oral Eligen    
Technology. Under the terms of the Expansion License Agreement, we licensed to Novo Nordisk the exclusive right to develop potential product candidates in three molecule classes, and the non-exclusive right to develop potential product candidates in
a fourth molecule class, using the Eligen     Technology. Pursuant to the Expansion License Agreement, we received a $5.0 million upfront licensing fee, and are eligible to receive up to $62.5
million in development and sales milestone payments for each of the three exclusively licensed molecule classes, and up to $20 million in development milestone payments for the non-exclusively licensed molecule class. Additionally, we are eligible
to receive royalties on sales of each successfully commercialized product. Novo Nordisk is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of all product candidates. In addition, Emisphere granted Novo Nordisk the option to obtain
exclusive and non-exclusive rights to develop and commercialize oral formulations of additional investigational molecules for the treatment of diabetes, obesity, and indications in other important therapeutic areas using the Eligen     Technology. If Novo Nordisk exercises its option to develop and commercialize any additional investigational molecules, we would be entitled to receive an additional payment upon the exercise of
each option for exclusive or non-exclusive development rights for each molecule class. We are eligible to receive up to $62.5 million in development and sales milestone payments for each additional exclusively licensed molecule class, and up to $20
million in development milestone payments for each additional non-exclusively licensed molecule class, plus royalties on sales of each commercialized product. The agreement remains in effect, on a country-by-country basis, for the longer of 10 years
from the date of first sale of a licensed product in such country, or the date of expiration of the last-to-expire patent covered by the agreement in such country. Novo Nordisk may terminate this agreement with 90-days prior notice. We may terminate
this agreement in the event that Novo Nordisk challenges the validity of any licensed patent under the agreement, but only with respect to the patents belonging to the patent family of the challenged patent. Either party may also terminate the
agreement upon the other party s material breach, if not cured within a specified period of time. Upon a termination of the agreement by Emisphere for Novo Nordisk s breach, all intellectual property rights conveyed under the agreement
shall revert back to us.    During December 2010, Novo Nordisk also licensed the right to develop and commercialize oral formulations of its insulin using
our Eligen     Technology.    We have also collaborated with Novartis AG in connection with the
development and testing of oral formulations of several drug candidates. Novartis has the right to evaluate the feasibility of using our Eligen     Technology with two new compounds to assess
the potential for new product development opportunities. If Novartis chooses to develop oral formulations of these new compounds using the Eligen     Technology, the parties will negotiate
additional agreements. In that case, we could be entitled to receive development milestone and royalty payments in connection with the development and commercialization of these potentially new products. We will continue to concentrate on expanding
our Eligen     drug delivery technology business by seeking applications with prescription molecules obtained through partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies for molecules where oral
absorption is difficult yet substantially beneficial if proven. We are also working to generate new interest in the Eligen     Technology with potential partners and attempting to expand our
current collaborative relationships to take advantage of the critical knowledge that others have gained by working with our technology. Finally, we continue to pursue commercialization of product candidates developed internally. We believe that
these internal candidates need to be developed with reasonable investment in an acceptable time period and with a reasonable risk-benefit profile.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   Oral Eligen B12  Rx   
 We launched oral Eligen B12  Rx in March 2015 to positive physician and patient reception. From the start, we have continuously evaluated the
product s sales performance and uptake in light of our current commercial and financial resources, and determined that a strategic transaction or collaboration with a third party that possesses the requisite marketing power and resources is
necessary for the product to reach its full market potential in the United States and internationally. Simultaneously, during the fourth quarter 2015, we were approached by several major Pharma and Consumer Healthcare Companies expressing interest
in licensing or acquiring our now on-the-market Eligen B12  product. As a result we have concluded that we should evaluate potential strategic transactions and collaborations with these potential suitors in order to optimize shareholder value.
These developments have also led to our decision to phase-out our small contract field force and re-prioritize our marketing resources towards more efficient non-field force promotion. Accordingly, we are evaluating potential strategic transactions
and collaborations with third parties for oral Eligen B12  Rx in the United States and internationally in order to optimize shareholder value.    Our
other Eligen B12  follow-on product candidates in development are in early phases and would need to be developed with a partner. Our intent is to seek partnerships for Eligen B12  and other related products with pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies. Our focus is on molecules that meet the criteria for success based on our increased understanding of our Eligen     Technology and prescription medical foods. Our
preclinical programs focus on the development collaborations of oral formulations for potential new treatments for diabetes, metabolic diseases and potential expansion of nutritional supplemental products.  
 To support and streamline our internal development programs, we implemented an innovative commercialization strategy for the Eligen     Technology. Using extensive safety data available for our carrier, we obtained GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) status for SNAC, and then combined the Eligen     Technology with B12, another GRAS substance where bioavailability and absorption is difficult and improving such absorption would yield substantial benefit and value. Given sufficient time and
resources, we intend to apply this strategy to develop other products. Examples of GRAS substances that may be developed into additional commercial products using this strategy include vitamins such as other B Vitamins, minerals such as iron, and
other supplements such as the polyphenols and catechins, among others. We hope to expand our product portfolio globally with collaborative partners in different geographic markets.  
 Funding required to continue developing our product pipeline will likely come from collaborations and licensing agreements. It is our intention to have
suitors fund our research and development in order to avoid disruption or dilution. The Company also continues to focus on improving operational efficiency.  
 Our website is  www.emisphere.com  . The contents of that website are not incorporated herein by reference. Investor related questions should be directed
to  info@emisphere.com  .     Results of Operations   
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015:   

21  

Table of Contents  

  Net revenue increased $74 thousand due to the commercial launch of the Eligen B12  Product during March
2015.    Gross profit (loss) was $(0.4) million due primarily to the write-off of approximately $0.6million Eligen B12  due to slow moving inventory.
   Operating expenses decreased $3.1 million or 66% to $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the same period last
year due primarily to a $3.0 million reduction in sales, marketing and other commercial costs commensurate with our decision to phase out our sales field force, and reduce and reallocate marketing resources toward more efficient non-field force
promotion of the oral Eligen B12 product in the U.S. during 2016. Details of the changes in operating expenses are highlighted in the table below:      

(in thousands)  

Decrease in human resources costs  
    
 $ 
 (218 
 )   
 
   Decrease in professional fees  

(123 
 )   
 
   Decrease in sales and marketing costs, excluding human resource costs  

(2,982 
 )   
 
   Increase in occupancy costs  

3 

Increase in product development  

2 

Decrease in depreciation  

Increase in other costs  

179 

$ 
 (3,139 
 )   

Human resource costs decreased $0.2 million, or 30%, due primarily to a reduction in staff related to our chief financial
officer, chief medical officer and other administrative staff.    Professional fees decreased $0.1 million, or 21%, due primarily to a decrease in
consulting costs including medical regulatory, regulatory and manufacturing support in connection with the introduction of oral Eligen B12 in the U.S. during March 2015.  
 Sales and marketing costs decreased $3.0 million, or 98%, due a reduction in sales, marketing and other commercial costs commensurate with our decision to
phase out our sales field force, and reduce and reallocate marketing resources toward more efficient non-field force promotion of the oral Eligen B12 product in the U.S. during 2016.  
 Occupancy costs increase $3 thousand, or 8%.    Product
development costs increased $2 thousand, or 2%.    Other costs increase $179 thousand, or 91% primarily due to a $184 thousand forfeited deposit in
connection with a commitment to purchase inventory.    Our principal operating costs include the following items as a percentage of total operating
expenses:      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

  Other non-operating (expense) income decreased $3.5 million, to $(3.2) million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period during 2015, due primarily to a $2.8 million decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments from the change in the price of the Company s common stock, and a $0.4 million increase in
interest expense.    As a result of the above factors, we had a net loss of $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net
loss of $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015:       
   Net revenue increased $0.6 million due to the commercial launch of the Eligen B12  Product during March 2015.  
 Gross profit (loss) was ($0.6) million due primarily to the write-off of approximately $1.2 million Eligen B12  due to slow moving inventory.  
 Operating expenses decreased $7.8 million or 56% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the same period last year due primarily to
a $7.3 million reduction in sales, marketing and other commercial costs commensurate with our decision to phase out our sales field force, and reduce and reallocate marketing resources toward more efficient non-field force promotion of the oral
Eligen B12 product in the U.S. during 2016. Details the changes in operating expenses are highlighted in the table below:      

(in thousands)  

Decrease in human resources costs  
    
 $ 
 (163 
 )   
 
   Decrease in professional fees  

(377 
 )   
 
   Decrease in sales and marketing costs, excluding human resource costs  

(7,271 
 )   
 
   Increase in occupancy costs  

6 

Decrease in product development  

(83 
 )   
 
   Increase in other costs  

83 

$ 
 7,805 

Human resource costs decreased $163 thousand, or 8%, due primarily due primarily to a reduction in staff related to our chief
financial officer, chief medical officer and other administrative staff.    Professional fees decreased $0.4 million, or 19%, due primarily to a decrease in
consulting costs including medical regulatory, regulatory and manufacturing support in connection with the introduction of oral Eligen B12 in the U.S. during March 2015.  
 Sales and marketing costs decreased $7.3 million, or 84%, due a reduction in sales, marketing and other commercial costs commensurate with our decision to
phase out our sales field force, and reduce and reallocate marketing resources toward more efficient non-field force promotion of the oral Eligen B12 product in the U.S. during 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  Occupancy costs increased $6 thousand, or 5%.  
 Product development costs decreased $83 thousand, or 26%, due primarily to the introduction of oral Eligen B12 in the U.S. during March 2015.  
 Other costs increase $83 thousand, or 11%, due to a $184 thousand forfeited deposit in connection with a commitment to purchase inventory offset by a $103
thousand decrease in information technology infrastructure in connection with the commercial launch of Eligen B12 in the U.S. during March 2015.    Our
principal operating costs include the following items as a percentage of total operating expenses:      
   Other non-operating expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $8.5 million, or 52%, in comparison to
the same period last year, due primarily to a $10.2 million decrease in the fair value of derivative instruments net of a $1.7 million increase in interest expense.  
 As a result of the above factors, we had a net loss of $14.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net loss of $30.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Since our inception in 1986, we have generated significant losses from operations and we anticipate that we will continue to generate significant losses from
operations for the foreseeable future, and that in order to continue as a going concern, our business will require substantial additional investment that we have not yet secured.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was approximately $569.1 million; our stockholder s deficit was $166.2 million. Net loss was
$5.2 million compared to a net loss of $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively; our net loss was $14.5 million and $30.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
On September 30, 2016 we had approximately $7.5 million in cash. We have limited capital resources and operations to date have been funded with the proceeds from private and public debt and equity financings, collaborative research agreements
and income earned on investments.    As of September 30, 2016, our financial obligations included approximately $49.7 million (face value) under our
Second Amended and Restated Convertible Notes (the  Convertible Notes ), approximately $24.3 million (face value) under a loan agreement entered into on August 20, 2014 (the  Loan Agreement ), approximately $0.8 million
(face value) under our Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Notes (the  Reimbursement Notes ), and approximately $2.3 million (face value) under our Second Amended and Restated Bridge Notes (the  Bridge Notes ). The
Convertible Notes and the Loan Agreement are subject to annual net sales performance targets.    Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, described in Note 9
to the Financial Statements, we borrowed an aggregate of $20.0 million to finance the development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of our oral Eligen B12 Rx Product. The loan facility will mature on December 31, 2019 and bears
interest at a rate of 13% per year. In the event that we do not satisfy annual net sales targets of Eligen B12 by December 31 for each fiscal year beginning 2015 through 2019, we will be in default under the Loan Agreement. We do
not anticipate meeting the annual net sales target at December 31, 2016, however, the Company is currently in discussions with the creditor for a permanent waiver of this condition.  
 On October 26, 2015, we received a total payment of $14 million from Novo Nordisk pursuant to, and consisting of, $5 million as payment for entry
into the Expansion License Agreement and $9 million as prepayment of a product development milestone and in exchange for a reduction in certain future royalty payments that may have become due and payable under the terms of our  GLP-1  Development License Agreement with Novo Nordisk.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Under the terms of our loan agreements, we are obligated to pre-pay certain loans and notes using 50% of any
extraordinary receipts, such as the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk. The creditor under our Loan Agreement and Reimbursement Notes has agreed to extend the date by which we are required to use 50% of the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk
to pre-pay certain loans and notes until October 31, 2016. Because the Loan Prepayment deadline has not been extended beyond one year from September 30, 2016, we have classified $7.0 million of the loans and notes as a current liability as
of September 30, 2016.    We believe that our current cash balance will provide sufficient capital to continue operations through November 2016.
However, if the pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived, the Company will have sufficient cash to operate through approximately December 2017. The Company s future capital requirements beyond November 2016 (or December 2017, in the
event the pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived) and our financial success depend largely on our ability to raise additional capital, including by leveraging existing and securing new partnering opportunities for Eligen B12 and the
Eligen    Technology.    While our plan is to raise capital from commercial operations and/or product
partnering opportunities to address our capital deficiencies and meet our operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that our plans will be successful. If we fail to generate sufficient capital from commercial operations or partnerships, we
will need to seek capital from other sources and risk default under the terms of our existing loans. We cannot assure you that financing will be available on favorable terms or at all. If we fail to generate sufficient additional capital from sales
of oral Eligen B12 or to obtain substantial cash inflows from existing or new partners or other sources prior to November 2016 (or December 2017, in the event the prepayment obligations is further extended or waived), we could be forced to cease
operations. Additionally, if additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Consequently, the audit reports prepared by our independent registered public accounting firm relating to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include an
explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Furthermore, despite our optimism regarding the Eligen    Technology, even in the event that
the Company is adequately funded, there is no guarantee that any of our products or product candidates will perform as hoped or that such products can be successfully commercialized.  
   For further discussion, see Part II, Item  1A Risk Factors.   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     As of September 30,
2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.     Critical Accounting Estimates   
 Please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016 for detailed explanations of its critical accounting
estimates, which have not changed during the period ended September 30, 2016.     New Accounting Pronouncements   
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 14 set forth in the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1
of this Report.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK         Fair Value of Warrants and Derivative
Liabilities.   As further described in Note 10 to our Financial Statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, at September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of derivative instruments was $50.0 million. We estimate the
fair values of these instruments using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which takes into account a variety of factors, including historical stock price volatility, risk-free interest rates, remaining maturity and the closing price of our
common stock. Furthermore, the estimated fair values of the conversion features embedded in our Convertible Notes, Bridge Notes, Reimbursement Notes, and June 2010 Warrants, which contain reset provisions, were measured using the Monte Carlo
valuation model. In using the Monte Carlo model, we estimate the probability and timing of potential future financing and fundamental transactions as applicable. We are required to revalue this liability each quarter. We believe that the assumptions
that have the greatest impact on the determination of fair value is the closing price of our common stock and historical stock price volatility. The following table illustrates the potential effect of changes in the assumptions used to calculate
fair value:      
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Company s senior management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer or officers
and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures
under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
    There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.      
 PART II       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       As of the date hereof, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, and none
are known to be contemplated against the Company.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS        The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our
business and the forward-looking statements that we make in this Report and elsewhere (including oral statements) from time to time. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial
condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Report. Our business is subject to many risks, which are detailed further in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016, including the following. We have denoted with an asterisk (*) in the following discussion those risk factors that are materially revised since our Annual Report on our 2015 10-K.   
  Financial Risks       

We have a history of operating losses and we may never achieve profitability. Our failure to raise capital when needed or satisfy the terms of our new and existing debt arrangements as they become due would adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could force us to reduce or discontinue operations. The Company estimates that if we fail to raise additional capital or if we fail to complete a strategic transaction or
collaboration with a third party to achieve our planned commercial targets for oral EligenB12 in the U.S., or if we fail to obtain substantial cash inflows from existing or new partners by November 2016 (or December 2017, in the event the
pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived), the Company could be forced to cease operations.        

If we fail to raise sufficient capital from commercial operations or partnerships, we will need to seek capital from other sources. We cannot assure you that financing will be available on favorable terms or at all.
Additionally, if additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.    

If we fail to generate sufficient additional capital from operations or obtain substantial cash inflows from existing or new partners or other sources prior to November 2016 (or December 2017, in the event the
pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived), we could be forced to cease operations.        

The audit opinion issued by our independent registered public accounting firm relating to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained a going concern explanatory paragraph.
   
      27  

Table of Contents  

We may not be able to meet covenants or financial obligations, including annual revenue targets, detailed in our Loan Agreement, Convertible Notes, Reimbursement Notes, and Bridge Notes issued to MHR in August 2014
(collectively, the  MHR Notes ), or the Royalty Agreement, which could result in an increase in the interest rate on the MHR Notes and/or accelerated maturity of the MHR Notes, which we might not be able to satisfy. The MHR Notes are
secured by a first priority lien in favor of MHR on substantially all of our assets, and if we default on our obligations under the MHR Notes, MHR may elect to foreclose on such assets, in which event we would be required to cease operations.
      Risks Related to our Business       

We are highly dependent upon collaborative partners to develop and commercialize compounds using our delivery agents.        

Our business will suffer if we fail or are delayed in achieving our commercial targets for our oral Eligen B12  product.        

We are highly dependent on the clinical success of our product candidates.        

Our collaborative partners control the clinical development of certain of our drug candidates and may terminate their efforts at will.    

Our product candidates are in various stages of development, and we cannot be certain that any will be suitable for commercial purposes.    

Our collaborative partners are free to develop competing products.        

Our business will suffer if we cannot adequately protect our patent and proprietary rights.        

We may be at risk of having to obtain a license from third parties making proprietary improvements to our technology.        

We are dependent on third parties to manufacture and test our products.        

We are dependent on our key personnel and if we cannot recruit and retain leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations, our business will be harmed.    
  Risks Related to our Industry       

Our future business success depends heavily upon regulatory approvals and compliance with regulatory requirements, which can be difficult to obtain or maintain for a variety of reasons, including cost. More
specifically, the regulatory approval process for prescription and nonprescription product candidates will likely vary by the nature of the therapeutic molecule being delivered.    

We may face product liability claims related to participation in clinical trials for future products.        

We face rapid technological change and intense competition.       Other Risks   

Provisions of our corporate charter documents, Delaware law, our financing documents and our stockholder rights plan may dissuade potential acquirers or prevent the replacement or removal of our current management and
members of our Board of Directors and may thereby affect the price of our common stock.        

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile.        

Future sales of common stock or warrants, or the prospect of future sales, may depress our stock price.      For a
more complete listing and description of these and other risks that the Company faces, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015 on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results.  
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.     None.  

      28  

Table of Contents  

   Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
 Not applicable.     Item 5. Other Information.   
 On November 11, 2016, the Company appointed Alan L Rubino, President and Chief Executive Officer, as its interim chief accounting officer effective as of
November 11, 2016, pending completion of the Company s search for a new chief financial officer. Alan Gallantar, the previous interim Chief Financial Officer, resigned from this position on November 11, 2016.  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Description of Exhibit    

31.1 
    
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

32.1 
    
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101. INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  
 
      29  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Emisphere Technologies, Inc.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  

Alan L. Rubino  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)   
 
 Date: November 14, 2016 

Emisphere Technologies, Inc.  

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  

Interim Chief Accounting Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Description of Exhibit    

31.1 
    
 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

32.1 
    
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101. INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  

101. DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (submitted electronically herewith).  
 
      31  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d237135dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO      RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a),      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Alan L. Rubino, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Emisphere Technologies, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within that entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  
 
 Alan L. Rubino  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d237135dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO      RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a),      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Alan L. Rubino, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Emisphere Technologies, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within that entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  
 
 Alan L. Rubino  
 
 Interim Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d237135dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
     AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     In connection with the Quarterly Report of Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alan L. Rubino, as Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Accounting Officer of the Company certify,
pursuant to and for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 Date: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  
 
 Alan L. Rubino  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ Alan L. Rubino  
 
 Interim Chief Accounting Officer  
 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Emisphere Technologies,
Inc. and will be retained by Emisphere Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 emis-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 emis-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 emis-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 emis-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 emis-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 emis-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

