<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1091596_0001144204-16-133876_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8264356</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261871</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>450651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2196360</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3730188</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1476017</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133876.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114112639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133876
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				233011702
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32518
		FILM NUMBER:		161992247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-499-2680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nuo Therapeutics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTOMEDIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOLOGOUS WOUND THERAPY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133876.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451840_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended
September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from
________ to ________ 

Commission file number 001-32518 

Nuo
Therapeutics, Inc.   

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter) 

Delaware   
       23-3011702    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
 Incorporation or Organization)  
      (IRS Employer  
 Identification No.)   

207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 
Gaithersburg, MD 20877  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
(Zip Code) 

(240) 499-2680  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes          No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer       
 
      Non-accelerated Filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No     

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS  

Indicate by check make whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes         No     

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  

The aggregate market value of voting common
stock, $0.0001 par value (the  New Common Stock ) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2016, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $3.6 million based
on the $1.00 per share sales price of the shares of New Common Stock in a private placement of such stock completed in connection
with the registrant s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016. The registrant does not have any non-voting common stock
outstanding. The New Common Stock is not currently trading on the OTC market. 

As of November 7, 2016, the number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s New Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, was 9,927,112. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
  
TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   
     4  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     36  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     53  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
     53  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
     54  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     54  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     54  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     54  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
     54  

Item 5. Other Information   
     54  

Item 6. Exhibits   
     54  

Signatures   
     55  

Exhibit Index   
     56  

2   

Explanatory Note  

As
described in Notes 1 and 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
(  we,   us,   Nuo Therapeutics,   Nuo  and the  Company )
appearing in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Quarterly Report ),  the
Company emerged from bankruptcy protection effective May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) in accordance with the  Modified
First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as confirmed by the April 25,
2016 Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (as so
confirmed, the  Plan of Reorganization ). 

This Quarterly Report contains the
Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for
the periods between January 1, 2016 and May 4, 2016, and between May 5, 2016 and September 30, 2016, for the three
month period ended September 30, 2016, and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, and the
accompanying footnotes (the  Q3 Financial Statements ), as well as a discussion comparing the Company s
results of operations for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and related financial condition in the section titled
  Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   (the  Period-to-Period Comparison ).  The historical financial and share-based
information contained in the Q3 Financial Statements and the Period-to-Period Comparison as of and relating to periods ending
on dates prior to the Effective Date reflects the Company s financial condition and results of operations prior to its
emergence from bankruptcy, and therefore is not indicative of the Company s current financial condition or results of
operations from and after May 5, 2016. 

More specifically, following
the consummation of the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and
after May 5, 2016 are not comparable to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s
prior financial statements (including those as of and for periods ending on May 4, 2016 and September 30, 2015 included in
this Quarterly Report) due to the Company s application of fresh start accounting to time periods beginning on
and after May 5, 2016. Fresh start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities contained
in its financial statements immediately before its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using
the acquisition method of accounting.  Those adjustments are material and affect the Company s financial condition
and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. For that reason, it is difficult to assess our performance in
periods beginning on or after May 5, 2016 in relation to prior periods. 

3   

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

  NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

7   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

8   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Description of Business and Bankruptcy Proceedings  

Description of Business   

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nuo Therapeutics, 
the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ) is a biomedical company marketing products
primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative capacity of the human
body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies for tissue repair and regeneration is part
of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex chronic conditions with significant unmet
medical needs. Growth drivers in the U.S. include the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in the Veterans Affairs healthcare
system and other federal accounts settings and the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination when registry data
is collected under CMS  Coverage with Evidence Development (CED) program. 

As of September 30, 2016, our commercial
offering consists solely of a point of care technology for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet
based therapy for the chronic wound care market. Prior to the Effective Date (as defined below), we had two distinct platelet rich
plasma ( PRP ) devices, the Aurix System for wound care and the Angel  concentrated Platelet Rich Plasma ( cPRP )
System for orthopedics markets. Prior to the Effective Date, Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ) was our exclusive distributor
for Angel. Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below), on May 5, 2016 the Company assigned its rights, title and
interest in and to its existing license agreement with Arthrex to the Deerfield Lenders (as defined below), as well as rights to
collect royalty payments thereunder. 

Bankruptcy Proceedings 

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed
a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). 

On April 25, 2016 (the  Confirmation
Date ), the Bankruptcy Court entered an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s
Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization
of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan,  or  Plan of Reorganization ). 

Scenario A contemplated by the Plan of
Reorganization became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Pursuant to the Plan, as of the Effective Date
(i) all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par
value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable
or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was amended and restated in its entirety, (iii) the Company s by-laws in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated in their entirety, and (iv) the Company issued New Common
Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below). 

Upon emergence from bankruptcy on
the Effective Date, the Company applied fresh start accounting, resulting in the Company becoming a new entity for
financial reporting purposes (see Note 2   Fresh Start Accounting). As a result of the application of fresh start
accounting, the Company reflected the disposition of its pre-petition debt and changes in its equity structure effected under
the Confirmation Order in its balance sheet as of the Effective Date. Accordingly, all financial statements prior to May 5,
2016 are referred to as those of the  Predecessor Company  as they reflect the periods prior to application
of fresh start accounting. The balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and the financial statements for periods subsequent to
May 4, 2016, are referred to as those of the  Successor Company.  Under fresh start accounting, the Company's
assets and liabilities were adjusted to their fair values, and a reorganization value for the entity was determined by the
Company based upon the estimated fair value of the enterprise before considering values allocated to debt to be settled in
the reorganization. The fresh start adjustments are material and affect the Company s results of operations from and
after May 5, 2016. As a result of the application of fresh start accounting and the effects of the implementation of the Plan
of Reorganization, the financial statements on or after May 5, 2016 are not comparable to the financial statements prior to
that date. 

9   

Common Stock 

Recapitalization  

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of new common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) to certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization Investors )
for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization Financing ). 
200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee.  The net cash amount
excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing (as defined below in Note 7 -
 Debt ), which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date as described below under   Series
A Preferred Stock .  As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000
shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors (the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate on
May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00
per share.  The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary
adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations.  

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment prior
to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield Mgmt, L.P.,
Deerfield Management Company, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P.  (the
 Deerfield Lenders  or  Deerfield ). We refer to this date as the  Termination Date.  Under
the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors upon the Termination
Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company
entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization
Investors.  The Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Recapitalization
Investors with respect to securities received in the Recapitalization Financing.  Pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering the resale of all shares of New Common Stock issued to the
Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. 

Issuance of New Common Stock to Holders
of Old Common Stock  

As of the Effective Date, the Company committed
to the issuance of up to 3,000,000 shares of New Common Stock and subsequently issued 2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the
 Exchange Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March 28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered
the required release documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation Order and the Plan.  The holders
of Old Common Stock who executed and timely delivered the required release documents are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016.  In accordance with the Plan, if the calculation would otherwise
have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number, then
the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

10   

Issuance of Shares in Exchange for Administrative
Claims  

On June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of
the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016.   The Administrative Claim Shares
were issued to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500
shares, 100,000 shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as compensation
of all remaining allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity
Committee who had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment
of such loans. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). On the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Preferred
Stock to Deerfield in accordance with the Plan pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common Stock or other
equity interests in the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. 
For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and
elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such director serve
on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions
or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment.   Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, with each
share of Series A Preferred Stock having the right to five votes, currently representing approximately one percent (1%) of the
voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain
transactions and incurrences of debt. The Certificate of Designations limits the Company s ability to pay dividends on or
purchase shares of its capital stock. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement;
Transition Services Agreement 

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 5, 2016, the
Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of
the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to its existing license
agreement with Arthrex, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed
thereunder, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer was effected in exchange for
a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan. As a result of the
assignment and transfer, the Aurix System currently represents the Company s only commercial product offering. 

On the Effective Date, the Company and
the Assignee entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service its license agreement
with Arthrex for a transition period. See Note 11    Subsequent
Events  for a description of an agreement with Arthrex and Assignee extending such transition period, among other matters. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility Agreement
and DIP Credit Agreement  

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below in Note 7 -  Debt ),
were cancelled in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

11   

Note 2   Fresh Start Accounting  

Upon the Company s emergence from
Chapter 11 bankruptcy, the Company applied the provisions of fresh start accounting to its financial statements because (i) the
holders of existing voting shares of the Predecessor Company received less than 50% of the voting shares of the emerging entity
and (ii) the reorganization value of the Company s assets immediately prior to confirmation was less than the sum of post-petition
liabilities and allowed claims. The Company applied fresh start accounting as of May 4, 2016, with results of operations and cash
flows in the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016 attributed to the Predecessor Company. 

Upon the application of fresh start accounting,
the Company allocated the reorganization value to its individual assets based on their estimated fair values. Reorganization value
represents the fair value of the Successor Company s assets before considering liabilities, and the excess of reorganization
value over the fair value of identified tangible and intangible assets is reported separately on the consolidated balance sheet
as goodwill. 

The Company, with the assistance of external
valuation specialists, estimated the enterprise value of the Company upon emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy to be approximately
$17.9 million. Enterprise value is defined as the total invested capital which includes cash and cash equivalents. The estimate
is based on a calculation of the present value of the projected future cash flows of the Company from May 5, 2016 through the year
ending December 31, 2025, along with a terminal value. The Company estimated a terminal value using the Gordon Growth Model, applying
a constant growth rate of 3.4% to the debt-free net cash flows subsequent to 2025. 

The Company s future cash flow projections
included a variety of estimates and assumptions that had a significant effect on the determination of the Company s enterprise
value. While the Company considered such estimates and assumptions reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business,
economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control and, therefore, may not be realized.
The assumptions used in the calculations for the discounted cash flow analysis included the following: forecasted revenue, costs
and free cash flows through 2025, and a discount rate of 29% that considered various factors, including bonds yields, risk premiums,
tax rates and the likelihood of various business outcomes to determine an appropriate discount rate. In applying fresh start accounting,
the Company followed these principles: 

The reorganization value, estimated as approximately $24.0 million, which represents the sum of
the enterprise value and estimated fair value of noninterest bearing liabilities, was allocated to the Successor Company's assets
based on their estimated fair values. The reorganization value exceeded the sum of the fair value assigned to the assets, and the
excess was recognized as goodwill of the Successor Company as of May 5, 2016.   

Each liability existing as of May 5, 2016 has been stated at its estimated fair value.   

Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been recognized for differences between the assigned values
and the tax basis of the recognized assets and liabilities, and have been fully valued as of May 5, 2016 to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amounts expected to be realized.   

Pursuant to fresh start accounting the
Company allocated the determined reorganization value to the Successor Company s assets as follows (in thousands): 

12   

Upon the adoption of fresh start accounting,
the Successor Company adopted the significant accounting policies of the Predecessor Company (see Note 3    Liquidity and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ). The adjustments set forth in the following table at May 5, 2016 reflect the effect
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Reorganization (reflected in the column  Reorganization
Adjustments ) as well as fair value adjustments as a result of the adoption of fresh start accounting (reflected in the column
 Fresh Start Adjustments ). 

13   

Reorganization Adjustments  

(a)  As a result of fresh start accounting, all intangible assets existing as of the Effective Date
were established at fair value. This adjustment eliminates the carrying value of previously existing intangible assets as of the
Effective Date as the underlying Angel assets were assigned to Deerfield
pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization.   

(b)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the Company assigned to Deerfield the Company s (i)
rights, title and interest in and to its existing license agreement with Arthrex, (ii) the associated intellectual property owned
by the Company and licensed under such agreement, and (iii) rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. As such, certain prepaid
expenses related to the Angel business were eliminated.   

(c)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the Company assigned
to Deerfield the Company s (i) rights, title and interest in and to its existing license agreement with Arthrex, (ii) the
associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed under such agreement, and (iii) rights to collect royalty payments
thereunder. As such, all deferred revenue related to the existing license agreement with Arthrex as of the Effective Date was
eliminated. 

(d)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s obligations under the Deerfield Facility
Agreement including accrued interest were cancelled and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. Additionally, pursuant
to the Plan of Reorganization, the DIP Credit Agreement was terminated.   

(e)  Represents claims not expected to be settled in cash.   

(f)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, all equity interests of the Company, including but not
limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)
(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Date, were cancelled. The elimination of the carrying value of the cancelled equity interests was reflected as direct
charge to retained earnings (deficit).   

(g)  Represents the cumulative impact of the reorganization
adjustments: 

Fresh Start Adjustments  

(1)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, as of the
Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of new common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ),
to certain accredited investors for net cash to the Company of $7,052,500. The Company also issued warrants (the  Warrants )
to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the investors. The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable
at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share. The number of shares
of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations,
payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations. Certain investors also provided backstop commitments
(collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ) to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an
aggregate purchase price of up to $3,000,000. The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment prior to June 30, 2017. The New
Common Stock, Warrants and Backstop Commitment are classified as equity. 

(2)  Represents identifiable intangible assets of approximately
$8.4 million and goodwill of approximately $2.1 million. Upon the application of fresh start accounting, the Company allocated
the reorganization value to its individual assets based on their estimated fair values. Reorganization value represents the fair
value of the Successor Company s assets before considering liabilities, and the excess of reorganization value over the
fair value of identified tangible and intangible assets is reported separately on the consolidated balance sheet as goodwill. 

14   

The Company, with the assistance
of external valuation specialists, estimated the enterprise value of the Company upon emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy to be
$17.9 million. Enterprise value is defined as the total invested capital, which includes cash and cash equivalents. The estimate
is based on a calculation of the present value of the projected future cash flows of the Company from May 5, 2016 through the year
ending December 31, 2025 along with a terminal value. The Company estimated a terminal value using the Gordon Growth Model. 

In applying fresh start accounting,
the Company followed these principles: 

The reorganization value, estimated as approximately $24.0 million, which represents the sum of
the enterprise value and estimated fair value of noninterest bearing liabilities, was allocated to the Successor Company's assets
based on their estimated fair values. The reorganization value exceeded the sum of the fair value assigned to the assets, and the
excess was recognized as goodwill of the Successor Company as of May 5, 2016.   

Each liability existing as of May 5, 2016 has been stated at its estimated fair value.   

Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been recognized for differences between the assigned values
and the tax basis of the recognized assets and liabilities, and have been fully valued as of May 5, 2016 to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amounts expected to be realized.   

Pursuant to fresh start accounting
the Company allocated the determined reorganization value to the Successor Company s assets as follows (in thousands): 

(3)  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to Deerfield. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable
and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before
any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior
to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. The Series A Preferred Stock is carried at
par value and is classified as equity.   

(4)  Reflects the cumulative impact of the fresh start
adjustments described above on additional paid in capital: 

(5)  Reflects the elimination of retained earnings upon
the application of fresh start accounting. 

Reorganization Items, net  

Costs directly attributable to the bankruptcy
proceedings and implementation of the Plan are reported as reorganization items, net. A summary of reorganization items, net is
presented in the following tables: 

Note 3   Liquidity and Summary
of Significant Accounting Principles  

Liquidity  

Our operations are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties including, among others, current and potential competitors with greater resources, dependence on significant
customers, lack of operating history and uncertainty of future profitability and possible fluctuations in financial results. Since
our inception, we have financed our operations by raising debt, issuing equity and equity-linked instruments, executing licensing
arrangements, and to a lesser extent by generating royalties and product revenues. We have incurred, and continue to incur, recurring
losses and negative cash flows. On the Effective Date, the obligations of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and
the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. At September 30, 2016, we had
cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately $3.9 million, and had no outstanding debt. 

15   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The propriety of using the going-concern
basis is dependent upon, among other things, the achievement of future profitable operations, the ability to generate sufficient
cash from operations, and potential other funding sources, including cash on hand, to meet our obligations as they become due.
After our emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2015, we believe our current resources, expected revenue from sales of Aurix, including
additional revenue expected to be generated from our collaboration with Restorix Health, limited royalty and license fee revenue
from our license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour product line, combined with
the $3.0 million of backstop commitments, which is not available until June 30, 2017, will be adequate to maintain our operations
through at least the end of 2017. However, if we are unable to increase our revenues as much as expected or control our costs as
effectively as expected, then we may be required to curtail portions of our strategic plan or to cease operations. More specifically,
if we are unable to increase revenues or control costs in this manner, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly
reduce the scope of, our current business plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans
to penetrate the market serving Medicare beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the
Medicare CED coverage determination; delay the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies;
or postpone the hiring of new personnel; or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs
that may require additional funding include, without limitation, continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and
customer service areas, further expansion into the international markets, significant new product development or modifications,
and pursuit of other opportunities. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, the Company s
operations could be materially negatively impacted. 

As noted in Note 2    Fresh Start
Accounting , as part of fresh start accounting, the Successor Company adopted the significant accounting policies of the Predecessor
Company. As a result, the following summary of significant accounting policies applies to both the Predecessor Company and Successor
Company. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which are necessary to
present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at
December 31, 2015, has been derived from audited financial statements of the Predecessor Company as of that date. The interim
unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may occur for the
full fiscal year. More specifically, upon emergence from bankruptcy on the Effective Date, the Company applied fresh start
accounting, resulting in the Company becoming a new entity for financial reporting purposes (see Note 2    Fresh
Start Accounting ). As a result of the application of fresh start accounting and the effects of the implementation of the
Plan of Reorganization, the financial statements on or after May 5, 2016 are not comparable to the financial statements prior
to that date. Certain information and footnote disclosure normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP have been omitted pursuant to instructions, rules and regulations prescribed by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. We believe that the disclosures provided herein are adequate to make the information
presented not misleading when these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements are read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements and notes previously included in the Predecessor Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiary Aldagen, Inc. ( Aldagen ).
All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for,
but not limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation
of derivative liabilities, contingent liabilities, fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including property and
equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification of our long-term
debt. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Credit Concentration  

We generate accounts receivable from the
sale of our products. Specific customer receivables balances in excess of 10% of total receivables at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were as follows: 

16   

Revenue from significant customers exceeding
10% of total revenues for the periods presented was as follows: 

Historically, we used single suppliers
for several components of the Aurix  product line. We outsource the manufacturing of various products to contract manufacturers.
While we believe these manufacturers demonstrate competency, reliability and stability, there is no assurance that one or more
of them will not experience an interruption or inability to provide us with the products needed to satisfy customer demand. Additionally,
while most of the components of Aurix  are generally readily available on the open market, a reagent, bovine thrombin, is
available exclusively through Pfizer, with whom we have an established vendor relationship. 

Cash Equivalents  

We consider all highly liquid instruments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents potentially subject
us to a concentration of credit risk as approximately $3.6 million held in financial institutions was in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit of $250,000 at September 30, 2016. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in the form of money market and checking accounts
with financial institutions that we believe are credit worthy. 

Accounts Receivables  

We generate accounts receivables from the
sale of our products. We provide for an allowance against receivables for estimated losses that may result from a customer s
inability or unwillingness to pay. The allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated primarily based upon historical write-off percentages,
known problem accounts, and current economic conditions. Accounts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when
we determine that amounts are not collectable. Recoveries of previously written-off accounts are recorded when collected. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we maintained an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $2,000 and $97,000, respectively. 

Inventory  

Our inventory is produced by third party
manufacturers and consists of raw materials and finished goods. Inventory cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis and
is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We maintain an inventory of kits, reagents, and other disposables that
have shelf-lives that generally range from 18 months to five years. 

We provide for an allowance against inventory
for estimated losses that may result in excess and obsolete inventory (i.e., from the expiration of products). Our allowance for
expired inventory is estimated based upon the inventory s remaining shelf-life and our anticipated ability to sell such inventory,
which is estimated using historical usage and future forecasts, within its remaining shelf life. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company maintained an allowance for expired and excess and obsolete inventory of approximately $3,000 and $58,000,
respectively. Expired products are segregated and used for demonstration purposes only; the Company records the associated expense
for this reserve to cost of sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

17   

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment is stated at cost
less accumulated depreciation and is depreciated, using the straight-line method, over its estimated useful life ranging from three
to five years for all assets except for furniture, lab, and manufacturing equipment which is depreciated over seven and ten years,
respectively. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and are amortized, using the straight-line
method, over the lesser of the expected lease term or its estimated useful life ranging from three to six years. Amortization of
leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. When
assets are disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included
in other income (expense). 

Centrifuges may be sold or placed
at no charge with customers. Depreciation expense for centrifuges that are available for sale or placed at no charge with
customers are charged to cost of sales. Depreciation expense for centrifuges used for sales and marketing and other internal purposes
are charged to general and administrative expenses. 

Property and equipment is reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. Recoverability measurement and estimating of undiscounted cash flows is done at the lowest
possible level for which we can identify assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, impairment is recognized as the
amount by which the carrying amount of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  

Predecessor intangible assets and goodwill  

In the Predecessor Company financial statements,
intangible assets were acquired as part of our acquisition of the Angel business and Aldagen, and consisted of definite-lived and
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we determined that our in-process
research and development ( IPR D ) asset was impaired and recognized a non-cash IPR D impairment charge of
$22.6 million to write down our IPR D asset to its estimated fair value. Also during the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
we determined that goodwill was impaired, and recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $1.1 million to write down goodwill to
its estimated fair value of zero. As of December 31, 2015, we had fully impaired our IPR D asset and our goodwill. 

In conjunction with the application of
fresh start accounting, all remaining definite lived intangible assets were written off as of the Effective Date (See Note 2  
 Fresh Start Accounting ). 

Successor intangible assets and goodwill  

In the Successor Company financial statements,
intangible assets were established as part of fresh start accounting and relate to trademarks, technology, clinician relationships
and goodwill (see Note 2    Fresh Start Accounting ). 

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents), and clinician relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives and reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
If any indicators were present, we test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from the asset. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount (i.e.,
the asset is not recoverable), we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an
impairment loss, if any. We periodically reevaluate the useful lives for these intangible assets to determine whether events and
circumstances warrant a revision in their remaining useful lives. 

Goodwill represents the excess of reorganization
value over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets and the fair value of liabilities as of the Effective
Date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to periodic review for impairment. Goodwill is reviewed annually, as of October
1, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill might not be recoverable.
We perform our review of goodwill on our one reporting unit. 

Before employing detailed impairment testing
methodologies, we first evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors relevant to our reporting unit.
When performing the qualitative assessment, we evaluate events and circumstances that would affect the significant inputs used
to determine the fair value of the goodwill. Events and circumstances evaluated include: macroeconomic conditions that could affect
us, industry and market considerations for the medical device industry that could affect us, cost factors that could affect our
performance, our financial performance (including share price), and consideration of any company specific events that could negatively
affect us, our business, or the fair value of our business. If we determine that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired,
we will then apply detailed testing methodologies. Otherwise, we will conclude that no impairment has occurred. 

18   

Detailed impairment testing involves comparing
the fair value of our one reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value, then
it is concluded that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a
second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. The second step includes hypothetically valuing the tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities of our one reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination. The implied
fair value of our one reporting unit's goodwill then is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. If the carrying value
of our one reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount
equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. 

Successor Company intangible assets and
goodwill were not impaired as of September 30, 2016. 

Conditionally Redeemable Common
Stock  

The Maryland Venture Fund ( MVF, 
part of Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development) had an investment in the Predecessor Company s common stock,
and could have required us to repurchase the common stock, at MVF s option, upon certain events outside of our control. MVF s
common stock was classified as  contingently redeemable common shares  in the Predecessor Company s accompanying
condensed consolidated balance sheets. The contingently redeemable common shares were cancelled as of the Effective Date. 

Revenue Recognition   Successor Company  

We recognize revenue when the four basic
criteria for recognition are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered; (3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

We provide for the sale of our products,
including disposable processing sets and supplies to customers. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of
products to the customers. We do not maintain a reserve for returned products as in the past those returns have not been material
and are not expected to be material in the future. Percentage-based fees on licensee sales of covered products are generally recorded
as products are sold by licensees and are reflected as royalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Direct
costs associated with product sales and royalty revenues are recorded at the time that revenue is recognized. 

Revenue Recognition   Predecessor
Company  

The Predecessor Company provided for the
sale of our products, including disposable processing sets and supplies to customers, and
to Arthrex as distributor of the Angel product line. Revenue from the sale of products was recognized upon shipment. 

Usage or leasing of blood separation
equipment  

As a result of the acquisition of the Angel
business, we acquired various multiple element revenue arrangements that combined the (i) usage or leasing of blood separation
processing equipment, (ii) maintenance of processing equipment, and (iii) purchase of disposable processing sets and supplies.
We assigned these multiple element revenue arrangements to Arthrex in 2013 pursuant to a license agreement, and further assigned
all of our rights, title and interest in and to such license agreement to the Deerfield Lenders as of the Effective Date; as such,
the Successor Company no longer recognizes revenue under these arrangements.  

Deferred revenue at December 31, 2015
consists of prepaid licensing revenue of approximately $1.0 million from the licensing of Angel centrifuges and $0.1 million
from product sales billed and not yet shipped. Prepaid licensing revenue was being recognized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the agreement prior to the Effective Date. Revenue of approximately $0.14 million related to the prepaid license
was recognized during the period January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016. Revenue of approximately $0.3 million, and $0.1 million
related to the prepaid license was recognized for the nine and three month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. We
assigned all of our rights under the Arthrex license agreement to Deerfield on the Effective Date and eliminated the
remaining deferred revenue as of that date. 

License Agreement with Rohto  

The Company s license agreement with
Rohto (See Note 4    Distribution, License and Collaboration Arrangements ) contains multiple elements that include
the delivered license and other ancillary performance obligations, such as maintaining its intellectual property and providing
regulatory support and training to Rohto. The Company has determined that the ancillary performance obligations are perfunctory
and incidental and are expected to be minimal and infrequent. Accordingly, the Company combined the ancillary performance obligations
with the delivered license and recognized revenue as a single unit of accounting following revenue recognition guidance applicable
to the license. Because the license is delivered, the Company recognized the entire $3.0 million license fee as revenue in the
three months ended March 31, 2015. Other elements contained in the license agreement, such as fees and royalties related to the
supply and future sale of the product, are contingent and will be recognized as revenue when earned. 

19   

Segments and Geographic Information  

Approximately 13%, 0% and 0% of our product
sales were generated outside of the United States for the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016, May 5, 2016 through
September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Approximately 16% and 13% of our product sales
were generated outside of the United States for the nine and three months period ended September 30, 2015, respectively. We operate
in one business segment. 

Exit Activities and Realignment  

In May 2014, we announced preliminary
efficacy and safety results of our RECOVER-Stroke Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from
ischemic stroke and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score or mRS)
of the trial were not clinically or statistically significant. In light of this outcome, we discontinued further funding of
the ALD-401 development program, decided to close our facilities in Durham, NC, and terminated certain employees. An accrual
of approximately $0.2 million for the loss on abandonment of the lease remains at September 30, 2016. The accrued loss on
abandonment is being amortized over the life of the lease against future rental payments made and sublease income payments
received. Loss on abandonment is classified in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The accrued loss on abandonment is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the
accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

On August 11, 2015, our Board of
Directors approved our realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the
value of our existing assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of
cash and cash equivalents to finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. On December 4, 2015,
the Company eliminated approximately 22% of its workforce, or seven employees, and in January 2016, the Company eliminated four
additional employees. As of September 30, 2016, there was no remaining severance accrual for these employees on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

Prior to the Effective Date, the Company,
from time to time, issued stock options or stock awards to employees, directors, consultants, and other service providers under
its 2002 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) or 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( EIP ). In some cases, it had
issued compensatory warrants to service providers outside the LTIP or EIP (See Note 8    Equity and Stock-Based Compensation ).
In July 2016, the Board of Directors approved, and in August 2016 it amended, the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation
Plan (the  2016 Omnibus Plan ), which remains subject to approval by the Company s stockholders. In July and
August 2016, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase an aggregate of 1,362,500 shares of New Common Stock to certain
of the Company s management, employees and directors, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Plan by the Company s
stockholders, of which 105,000 options have been forfeited since their grant date. 

The fair value of employee stock options
is measured at the date of grant. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. Company
data was utilized to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Expected years until exercise
represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company estimated that the dividend
rate on its common stock will be zero. 

Stock-based compensation for awards granted
to non-employees is periodically re-measured as the underlying awards vest. The Company recognizes an expense for such awards throughout
the performance period as the services are provided by the non-employees, based on the fair value of these options and warrants
at each reporting period. The fair value of stock options and compensatory warrants issued to service providers utilizes the same
methodology with the exception of the expected term. For awards to non-employees, the Company estimates that the options or warrants
will be held for the full term. 

All outstanding stock options were cancelled
as of the Effective Date. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, current income tax expense or benefit is the amount of income
taxes expected to be payable or refundable for the current year. A deferred income tax asset or liability is recognized for future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases and tax credits and loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Tax rate changes are reflected in income during the period such changes are enacted. 

20   

For the nine and three months ended September
30, 2015, the income tax provision relates exclusively to a deferred tax liability associated with the amortization for tax purposes
of the Predecessor Company s goodwill. The deferred tax liability was eliminated in the third quarter of 2015 with the impairment
charge recognized for all our goodwill. The Successor Company s goodwill is not tax deductible in any taxing jurisdiction. 

The Company s policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no such
items in 2016 and 2015. 

Basic and Diluted Earnings
(Loss) per Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
(including contingently issuable shares when the contingencies have been resolved) during the period. 

For periods of net loss, diluted loss per
share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share because the impact of all dilutive potential common shares is anti-dilutive.
For periods of net income, and when the effects are not anti-dilutive, diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding (including contingently issuable shares when
the contingencies have been resolved) plus the impact of all potential dilutive common shares, consisting primarily of common stock
options and stock purchase warrants using the treasury stock method, and convertible debt using the if-converted method. 

All of the
Company s outstanding stock options and warrants were considered anti-dilutive for the periods from January 1, 2016
through May 4, 2016, May 5 through September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
Company s convertible debt was dilutive during the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016. The total number of
anti-dilutive shares underlying common stock options, warrants exercisable for common stock, and convertible debt, which have
been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share for the periods presented, was as follows: 

21   

Earnings (loss) per share are calculated
for basic and diluted earnings per share as follows: 

Recently Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements  

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance as to whether a cloud computing arrangement (e.g., software as a service,
platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and other similar hosting arrangements) includes a software license and, based
on that determination, how to account for such arrangements. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then
the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software
licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
as a service contract. The amendment is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied
on either a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1,
2016; the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance
to simplify the balance sheet disclosure for debt issuance costs. Under the guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the same manner as debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption did not have a
material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

22   

In September 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments resulting from business combinations. Under the guidance,
an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined. The guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by
line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments in this pronouncement
should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016;
the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

Unadopted Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations for
reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify
the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property, with
the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact, if
any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance
for the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern
basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures.
This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so,
the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance
for the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income tax
liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will be classified
as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

23   

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
simplifying the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses
or benefits in the income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the
operating activities section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the
number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of
the other stock-based compensation awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for
withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016 and early adoption is permitted, though all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption
of certain amendments of the guidance must be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied
either on a modified retrospective basis or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that
this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on
debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We
are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard
to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and
requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. For trade
and other receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, we will be required to use a forward-looking expected loss model
rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses which reflects losses that are probable. Credit losses relating
to available-for-sale debt securities will also be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in
the amortized cost basis of the securities. The new standard will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2020, with early adoption
permitted beginning July 1, 2019. Application of the amendments is through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and
unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Note 4   Distribution,
Licensing and Collaboration Arrangements  

Distribution and License Agreement
with Arthrex  

In 2013, we entered into a Distributor
and License Agreement (the  Original Arthrex Agreement ) with Arthrex. The term of the Original Arthrex Agreement was
originally for five years, automatically renewable for an additional three-year period unless Arthrex gives the Company a termination
notice at least one year in advance of the end of the initial five-year period. Under the terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement,
Arthrex obtained the exclusive rights to sell, distribute, and service the Company s Angel concentrated Platelet System and
activAT ( Products ), throughout the world, for all uses other than chronic wound care. In connection with execution
of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid the Company a nonrefundable upfront payment of $5.0 million. In addition, under
the terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid royalties to the Company based upon volume of the Products sold. Arthrex s
rights to sell, distribute and service the Products were not exclusive in the non-surgical dermal and non-surgical aesthetics markets.
On October 16, 2015, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement )
with Arthrex, which amended and restated the Original Arthrex Agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, among
others, the Company licensed certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to Arthrex in return for the right to receive royalties,
and on a date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March 31, 2016, Arthrex was to assume all rights related to the manufacture
and supply of the Angel product line. As part of the transaction, the Company transferred to Arthrex all of its rights and title
to product registration rights and intellectual property (other than patents) related to Angel. In connection with the Agreement,
the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably released their liens on the product registration rights and intellectual property (other than
patents) assets transferred by the Company to Arthrex. The Amended Arthrex Agreement, as further supplemented in April 2016, is
referred to collectively as the  Arthrex Agreement.  

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 5, 2016, the
Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of
the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement,
and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed thereunder, as well
as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000
in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the
Aurix System currently represents the Company s only commercial product offering. 

On the Effective Date, the Company
and the Assignee entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex
Agreement for a transition period. Transition services fees of $0.03 million and $0.05 million have been recorded as other
income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period May 5, 2016 through September 30, 2016, respectively,
on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. See Note 11  - Subsequent Events  for a description of an
agreement with Arthrex and Assignee extending such transition period, among other matters. 

24   

Distribution and License Agreement
with Rohto  

In September 2009, we entered into a licensing
and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System in Japan. 

In January 2015, we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in
human and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional future cash payment if and when the reimbursement
price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described below. In
connection with and effective as of the entering into the Rohto Agreement, we amended the licensing and distribution agreement
with Millennia to terminate it and allow us to transfer the exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this
amendment we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment
from Rohto, and we may be required to make certain future payments to Millennia if we receive the milestone payment from Rohto
as well as future royalty payments based upon net sales in Japan. Rohto has assumed all responsibility for securing the marketing
authorization in Japan, while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data, to support Rohto s
efforts.  

Collaboration Agreement with Restorix
Health  

On March 22, 2016, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix Health ( Restorix ), pursuant to which we agreed
to provide Restorix with certain limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix
System in up to 30 of the approximately 125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management contract
(the  RXH Partner Hospitals ), in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in three prospective
clinical research studies primarily consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary to maintain exclusivity
under the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period, subject to one or
more extensions with the mutual consent of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement,
the Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and
Restorix as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii)
coverage of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain
limitations and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of
Aurix and participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support
as reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

Subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage
of Aurix in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii)
other than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management
company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon
full completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to
conduct the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will
pay the Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as
set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. 

Boyalife Distribution Agreement  

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company
and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.  Under this agreement,
Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below.  Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China (China,
Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical dermatology
applications in human and veterinary medicine.   Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of devices to
produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing kit and reagent
kit.  Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within 90 days of approval
of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than December 31, 2018, and
(b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an agreement by the parties
to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current general pricing in greater
China.   Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied by the Company to make the Aurix
Products.  Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products in specified countries in the Asia
Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater than $250,000 in the aggregate. 
If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings, the Aurix Products or the Company s
technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such patent application outside greater China
during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

25   

Note 5   Receivables  

Accounts and other receivable, net consisted
of the following: 

Other receivables at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist primarily of a value added tax receivable, royalties due from Arthrex, and the
receivable due from our contract manufacturer for the cost of raw materials required to manufacture the Angel products that
were purchased by the Company and immediately resold, at cost, to the contract manufacturer. We assigned all of our rights
under the Arthrex Agreement to Deerfield on the Effective Date. 

Note 6   Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets  

Our definite-lived intangible assets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Goodwill  

Predecessor Company  

Goodwill represents the purchase
price of acquisitions in excess of the fair value of amounts assigned to acquired tangible or intangible assets and assumed
liabilities. As a result of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012, we recorded goodwill of approximately $0.4 million.
Prior to the acquisition of Aldagen, we had goodwill of approximately $0.7 million as a result of the acquisition of the
Angel business in April 2010. We determined that goodwill was impaired as of September 30, 2015 and recognized a noncash
goodwill impairment charge of approximately $1.1 million to fully write down the goodwill to its estimated fair value of zero
as of September 30, 2015. 

Successor Company (see Note 2   Fresh Start Accounting)  

Goodwill represents the excess of reorganization
value over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets and the fair value of liabilities as of the Effective
Date. 

26   

Changes in goodwill for the periods presented
follows: 

Definite-lived intangible assets  
trademarks, customer and clinician relationships and technology  

The Predecessor Company s definite-lived
intangible assets include Angel-related trademarks, technology (including patents) and customer relationships, and were being amortized
over their useful lives ranging from eight to twenty years. Amortization expense associated with our Angel related definite-lived
intangible assets was approximately $0.1 million for the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016. The remaining Angel
related definite lived intangible assets were eliminated as of May 4, 2016 as the underlying Angel assets were assigned to Deerfield
pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. Amortization expense associated with our Angel related definite-lived intangible assets
was approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the nine and three month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The Successor Company s Aurix related
definite-lived intangible assets include trademarks, technology (including patents) and clinician relationships, and are being
amortized over their useful lives ranging from nine to fifteen years. 

Amortization expense associated with our
Aurix related definite-lived intangible assets was approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the period from May 5, 2016
through September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Annual amortization expense based on
our existing intangible assets and their estimated useful lives is expected to be approximately: 

Note 7   Debt   

Successor Company Debt  

As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had no debt outstanding due the cancellation of the Deerfield Credit Facility and the DIP Credit Agreement as of the Effective
Date. 

Predecessor Company Debt  

Deerfield Facility  

In 2014, we entered into the Deerfield
Facility Agreement, a $35 million five-year senior secured convertible credit facility with Deerfield due March 31, 2019. Deerfield
had the right to convert the principal amount of the related notes (the  Notes ) into shares of our common stock ( Conversion
Shares ) at a per share price equal to $0.52. In addition, we granted to Deerfield the option to require the Company to redeem
up to 33.33% of the total amount drawn under the facility, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on each of the
second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the closing with the option right triggered upon the Company s net revenues failing
to be equal to or in excess of certain quarterly milestone amounts. We also granted Deerfield the option to require us to apply
35% of the proceeds received by us in equity-raising transaction(s) to redeem outstanding principal and interest of the Notes,
provided that the first $10 million so raised by us would be exempt from this put option. We entered into a security agreement
which provided, among other things, that our obligations under the Notes would be secured by a first priority security interest,
subject to customary permitted liens, on all our assets. 

27   

Under the terms of the facility, we also
issued stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 97,614,999 shares of our common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.52 per
share (subject to adjustments). We also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we filed a registration
statement to register the resale of the Conversion Shares and the shares underlying the stock purchase warrants. As a result of
certain non-standard anti-dilution provisions and cash settlement features, we classify the detachable stock purchase warrants
and the conversion option embedded in the Notes as derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities were recorded initially at
their estimated fair value and as a result, we recognized a total debt discount on the convertible notes of $34.8 million. We re-measure
the warrants and the conversion option to fair value at each balance sheet reporting date; the estimated fair value of the warrant
liability was  de minimis  at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Certain debt issuance costs, in the form of warrants and
fees, were recorded as deferred debt issuance costs. The issuance costs include a yield enhancement fee, for which we issued 2,709,677
shares of the Company s common stock in 2014, with a fixed value of approximately $1.1 million. As a result of the default
and our assessment that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization
of the debt discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility (see discussion below). 

Under the Deerfield Facility Agreement,
we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5,000,000 in deposit accounts subject to control agreements in favor
of the lenders and we were required to pay to Deerfield accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We were
unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015 we entered into consent letters with the Deerfield Lenders
to modify the Deerfield Facility Agreement and waive the compliance violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December
18, 2015 consent letter, (i) solely during the period between December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that was
required to be maintained in a deposit account subject to control agreements in favor of the Company s senior lenders was
reduced from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date for payment of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October
1, 2015 was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued effectiveness of the consent letter was conditioned upon the Company s
continued engagement of a Chief Restructuring Officer and providing the Deerfield Lenders with all relevant business contracts,
agreements, and vendor relationships for the Aurix and Angel product lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to
do either would result in an immediate default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The consent letter contained various customary
representations and warranties. 

As of January 26, 2016 (the date of our
voluntary filing for bankruptcy protection), we were in default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and Deerfield had the right
to demand repayment of the entire amount owed to them, including accrued interest. As a result of the default and our assessment
that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization of the debt
discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility and at December 31, 2015 we classified the
entire Deerfield Facility Agreement as a current liability. The total amount owing under the Deerfield Facility Agreement including
accrued interest was compromised by the Bankruptcy Court. This amount of approximately $38.3 million and the $5.75 million outstanding
under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below) was settled as of the Effective Date through the issuance of 29,038 shares of
our Series A Preferred Stock and the assignment to Deerfield of all rights, title, and interest under the Arthrex Agreement including
the rights to receive royalty payments thereunder. Because the amounts owed to Deerfield pursuant to the Deerfield Facility Agreement
were subject to compromise and, in fact, subsequently were compromised by the Court, we stopped accruing interest on the debt effective
January 26, 2016. 

Debtor-in-Possession
Financing  

On January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
entered an interim order approving the Company's debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP Financing ) pursuant to terms
set forth in a senior secured, super-priority debtor-in-possession credit agreement (the  DIP Credit Agreement ), dated
as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement,
including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., and Deerfield
Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ) and Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative agent
(the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the then-existing
Deerfield Facility Agreement. 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved
a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders
and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including to set forth the
material terms of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests
of the Company, the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver
and First Amendment provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing
(collectively, the  DIP Loans ). 

We received $5.75 million in gross proceeds
from the DIP Financing in the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016, and incurred approximately $0.3 million in issuance
costs. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date, the DIP Credit Agreement was terminated. 

28   

Note 8   Equity and
Stock-Based Compensation  

Successor Company Common Stock  

Under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Successor Company, it has the authority to issue a total of 32,500,000 shares of capital stock, consisting
of: (i) 31,500,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) and 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which will have such rights, powers and preferences as the board of directors
of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) shall determine.  

In accordance with the Plan, as of the
Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of New Common Stock to certain
investors (the  Recapitalization Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500
(the  Recapitalization Financing ).   The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses
paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. 

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment prior
to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield  ( Termination
Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors
upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

Under the Plan of Reorganization, the Company
committed to the issuance of up to 3,000,000 shares of New Common Stock and subsequently issued 2,264,612 shares of New Common
Stock (the  Exchange Shares ) on the Effective Date to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March 28, 2016
who executed and timely delivered the required release documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation
Order and the Plan.  The holders of Old Common Stock who executed and timely delivered the required release documents are
referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016.  In accordance with the Plan, if the calculation would otherwise
have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number, then
the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

On June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of
the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016.   The Administrative Claim Shares
were issued to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500
shares, 100,000 shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as compensation
of all remaining allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity
Committee who had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment
of such loans. 

Successor Company Stock Purchase
Warrants  

As part of the Recapitalization Financing,
the Company also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors
(the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016
at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share.  The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a
Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends,
reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations. The Warrants are classified in equity.  

Successor Company Series A
Preferred Stock  

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). On the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Preferred
Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common
Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

29   

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. 
For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and
elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such director serve
on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions
or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment.   The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New
Common Stock as a single class, with each share of Series A Preferred Stock
having the right to five votes, currently representing approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital
stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain transactions and incurrences
of debt. Under the Certificate of Designations, for so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect, a majority of the members
of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop Commitment. Among other
restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to (i) issue
securities that are senior or pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt other than for working capital purposes
not in excess of $3.0 million, (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and that provide certain
consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain liquidation preferences,
(iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of members of its Board of
Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is classified in equity. 

Predecessor Company Common
Stock  

The Predecessor Company s Certificate
of Incorporation authorized 440,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 425,000,000 authorized shares of Old Common Stock
and 15,000,000 Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock. Each share of Old Common Stock represented the right to one vote,
and holders of the Old Common Stock were entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors. No dividends
were declared or paid on our Old Common Stock in 2016 or 2015. Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date
all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Old Common Stock (including its redeemable
common stock), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were
cancelled. 

2014 Private Placement  

In March 2014, we raised $2.0 million from
the private placement of 3,846,154 shares of common stock (at a price of $0.52 per share) and five-year stock purchase warrants
to purchase 2,884,615 shares of common stock at $0.52 per share. As a result of certain non-standard anti-dilution provisions and
cash settlement features contained in the warrants, we classified the detachable stock purchase warrants as derivative liabilities,
initially at their estimated relative fair value of approximately $1.1 million. We re-measure the warrants to fair value at each
balance sheet date; the estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities was  de minimis  at December 31, 2015. Issuance costs,
in the form of warrants and fees, were valued at approximately $136,000 and were recorded to additional paid-in-capital. 

Predecessor Stock Purchase
Warrants  

The Company had the following
stock purchase warrants outstanding at May 4, 2016 :  

30   

All of such warrants were cancelled in
their entirety as of the Effective Date. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company s 2002 Long Term Incentive
Plan ( LTIP ) and 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( EIP  and, together with the LTIP, the  Incentive Plans )
permitted the awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance units, dividend
equivalents and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. We were authorized to issue up to 10,500,000
shares of common stock under the LTIP and up to 18,000,000 shares under the EIP (as approved by our shareholders on June 9, 2014).
All stock options granted under the LTIP and EIP were cancelled in their entirety as of the Effective Date. 

As of May 4, 2016, the Company only issued
stock options under the Incentive Plans. Stock option terms were determined by the Board of Directors for each option grant, and
options generally vested immediately upon grant or over a period of time ranging up to four years, were exercisable in whole or
installments, and expired no longer than ten years from the date of grant. There were no stock options granted or exercised for
the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016. As of May 4, 2016, there was approximately $0.3 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, and in the absence of our emergence from bankruptcy, that cost would have
been recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.4 years. As a result of the cancellation of all outstanding stock options and
the application of fresh start accounting as of the Effective Date, unrecognized compensation costs related to the stock options
outstanding as of May 4, 2016 are not recognized after the Effective Date. 

The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense in the periods presented as follows: 

In July 2016, the Board of Directors approved,
and in August 2016 it amended, the 2016 Omnibus Plan, which remains subject to approval by the Company s stockholders. In
July and August 2016, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase an aggregate of 1,362,500 shares of New Common Stock to
certain of the Company s management, employees and directors, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Plan by the Company s
stockholders, of which 105,000 options have been forfeited since their grant date. Until such time as the 2016 Omnibus Plan is approved
by the Company s stockholders, the Company will not begin recognizing any stock-based compensation expense. 

31   

Note 9   Fair
Value Measurements  

Financial Instruments Carried at Cost  

Short-term financial instruments in
our condensed consolidated balance sheets, including accounts and other receivables and accounts payable, are carried at
cost which approximates fair value, due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our long-term convertible debt
was approximately $25.4 million at December 31, 2015; the convertible debt was cancelled as of the Effective Date. 

In February 2014, we purchased a
Certificate of Deposit ( CD ) from a commercial bank in the amount of $53,000. The CD bears interest at an annual
rate of 0.10% and matured on February 24, 2016 and it was auto-renewed for an eight month period at the same rate. The
next maturity date is June 24, 2017. The carrying value of the CD approximates its fair value. This CD collateralizes a
letter of credit. See Note 10    Commitments and Contingencies . 

Fair Value Measurements   

Our condensed consolidated balance sheets
include certain financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the sale
of an asset or paid to transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement
date. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs
used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;  

Level 2, defined as observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and  

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

An asset s or liability s level
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At
each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets
and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently
and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 

Successor Company Financial Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  

The Successor Company has segregated its
financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 into the most appropriate
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date in the table
below. The inputs used in measuring the fair value of cash and short-term investments are considered to be Level 1 in accordance
with the three-tier fair value hierarchy. The fair market values are based on period-end statements supplied by the various banks
and brokers that held the majority of our funds. 

The Successor Company had no other financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016. 

32   

Successor Company Non-Financial Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  

The Successor Company s property
and equipment and intangible assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, upon establishment pursuant to fresh start
accounting, and upon impairment. The Successor Company determined the fair value of its intangibles assets as of the Effective
Date as follows: 

Identifiable  
Intangible Asset    
     Valuation Method    
     Significant  
Unobservable Inputs    
     Estimated  
Fair Value     

Trademarks    
     Income approach - royalty savings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  917,000     

Estimated royalty rates    

Discount rate    

Technology    
     Income approach - royalty savings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  6,576,000     

Estimated royalty rates    

Discount rate    

Clinician Relationships    
     Income approach - excess earnings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  904,000     

Estimated attrition    

Projected margins    

Discount rate    

No impairments were identified during the
Successor Company periods presented. 

Predecessor Company Financial Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  

The Predecessor Company segregated its
financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis into the most appropriate level within the
fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date in the table below. The inputs
used in measuring the fair value of cash and short-term investments are considered to be Level 1 in accordance with the three-tier
fair value hierarchy. The fair market values are based on period-end statements supplied by the various banks and brokers that
held the majority of our funds. 

We account for our derivative financial
instruments, consisting solely of certain stock purchase warrants that contain non-standard anti-dilutions provisions and/or cash
settlement features, and certain conversion options embedded in our convertible instruments, at fair value using Level 3 inputs.
We determine the fair value of these derivative liabilities using the Black-Scholes option pricing model when appropriate, and
in certain circumstances using binomial lattice models or other accepted valuation practices.  

When determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, we are required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs, including, among other things, contractual
terms of the instruments, expected volatility of our stock price, expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Changes
in any of the assumptions related to the unobservable inputs identified above may change the fair value of the instrument. Increases
in expected term, anticipated volatility and expected dividends generally result in increases in fair value, while decreases in
the unobservable inputs generally result in decreases in fair value.   

When determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using binomial lattice
models or other accepted valuation practices, we also are required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs, including
in addition to those listed above, the probability of certain events.   

33   

As a result of our deteriorating financial
condition (as further evidenced by our filing for bankruptcy protection in January 2016) and decreased stock price in 2015, the
value of our derivative liabilities related to stock purchase warrants and embedded conversion option was  de minimis  as
of May 4, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The derivative liabilities related to stock purchase warrants and embedded conversion option
were compromised on the Effective Date and our obligations thereunder were cancelled. All gains and losses arising from changes
in the fair value of derivative instruments are classified as the changes in the fair value of derivative instruments in the accompanying
condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The following table represents the fair
value hierarchy for our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015. 

The Level 1 assets measured at fair value
in the above table are classified as cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

We did not have any transfers between
Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities in 2016 or 2015. The following tables set forth a summary of changes in the
fair value of Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the periods presented: 

Predecessor     

Balance at  
January 1, 2016       
        Established  
in 2016       
        Change in  
Fair Value       
        Balance at  
May 4, 2016     
 
     Description    

Liabilities:    

Embedded conversion option    
     $  -       
        -       
        -       
     $  -     
 
          Warrant liabilities    
     $  -       
        -       
        -       
     $  -     

The Predecessor Company had no other financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

34   

Predecessor Company Non-Financial Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  

The Predecessor Company s property
and equipment and intangible assets were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, upon impairment. As of September 30,
2015, we determined that the estimated fair value of our IPR D asset was less than its carrying value, and recognized an impairment
charge of $22.6 million. Additionally, we determined that the estimated fair value of our goodwill was less than its carrying value,
and recognized a noncash impairment charge of $1.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. 

In determining the fair value of our
intangibles assets, we assessed how our net tangible assets, goodwill and other intangible assets would be valued in a
hypothetical sale of the Company, with the sales price being equal to our market capitalization as of September 30, 2015.
After allocating the total fair value of our reporting unit to the estimated fair value of our net tangible assets, we then
allocated the remaining fair value first to our definite-lived intangible assets and second to our indefinite-lived
intangible asset. We determined the fair value of the goodwill as the excess of the total fair value of the reporting unit
over the fair value of all other assets and liabilities. The Predecessor Company had no non-financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Note 10   Commitments
and Contingencies  

Successor Company Commitments and Contingencies  

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. 
The Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Investors with respect to securities received
in the Recapitalization Financing.  Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best
efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering
the resale of all shares of New Common Stock issued to the Investors on the Effective Date. 

Our primary office and warehouse facilities
are located in Gaithersburg, Maryland, and comprise approximately 12,000 square feet. The facilities fall under two leases with
monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $14,000 and $4,000 per month, respectively,
with each lease expiring in September 2019. In addition, we lease an approximately 2,100 square foot facility in Nashville, Tennessee,
which is being utilized as a commercial operation. The lease is approximately $4,000 per month excluding our share of annual operating
expenses and expires April 30, 2018. We also lease a 16,300 square foot facility located in Durham, North Carolina. This facility
falls under one lease with monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $21,000
per month with the lease expiring December 31, 2018. As a result of our discontinuance of the ALD-401 clinical trial, the Company
ceased use of the facility in Durham, North Carolina on July 31, 2014 and sublet the facility beginning August 1, 2014. The sublease
rent is approximately $14,000 per month and expires December 31, 2018. 

In July 2009, in satisfaction of a Maryland
law pertaining to Wholesale Distributor Permits, we established a Letter of Credit, in the amount of $50,000, naming the Maryland
Board of Pharmacy as the beneficiary. This Letter of Credit serves as security for the performance by us of our obligations under
applicable Maryland law and is collateralized by a Certificate of Deposit maintained at a commercial bank. 

Note 11   Subsequent
Events  

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered
into a letter agreement (the  Three Party Letter Agreement ) with Arthrex and Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ),
which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15, 2017. Under the terms of the Three
Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment of $201,200 to the Company on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has
sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title and interest in the Company s inventory of Angel products
(including spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and (b) the Assignee is obligated to make three equal payments of $33,333.33
each to the Company as consideration for the extension of the transition period. Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement,
the Company will have no further obligations under the Transition Services Agreement or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January
15, 2017. The agreement contains a full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company with respect to any actions, claims
or other liabilities for payments of Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales
of Angel products occurring on or before June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of the Company and the Assignee by
Arthrex with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of
the Three Party Letter Agreement. Neither Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection
with the Three Party Letter Agreement.  

35   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report )  , filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the Commission.   

Important
Note About Our Bankruptcy, Emergence from Bankruptcy and Fresh Start Accounting  

Following the consummation of
the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 are
not comparable to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial
statements (including those as of May 4, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended May 4, 2016 and September 30,
2015 contained in this Quarterly Report) due to the Company s application of fresh start accounting to its
financial statements from and after May 5, 2016. For that reason, it is difficult to assess our performance in periods
beginning on or after May 5, 2016 in relation to prior periods. Please refer to  Note 2 - Fresh Start Accounting 
in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details.   

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements  

Some of the information in this
Quarterly Report (including this section) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the
results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include,
without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or
achievements, and may contain the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   intend,   the facts suggest,   will,   will be, 
 will continue,   will likely result,   could,   may  and words of similar
import. These statements reflect the Company s current view of future events and are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties as noted in this Quarterly Report and in other reports filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: 

our limited sources of working capital;   

our need for substantial additional financing and our ability to obtain that financing, whether
equity or debt, in the post-restructuring environment;   

our history of losses and future expectations;   

our short history and limited operating experience;   

our and Restorix  successful implementation of our Collaboration Agreement;   

whether the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) will continue to consider
its treatment of the geometric mean cost of the services underlying Aurix to be comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054
in the future;   

our ability to maintain classification of Aurix as APC 5054;   

whether CMS will continue to maintain a national average reimbursement rate of $1,411 per Aurix
treatment, and, more generally, our ability to continue to be reimbursed at a profitable national average rate per application
in the future;   

uncertainties surrounding the timing of our ability to commence trading of our common stock on
an OTC market, the price at which our common stock will commence and continue trading, and the trading volume or liquidity of our
common stock;   

our ability to meet our obligations
under the Transition Services Agreement with the Deerfield Lenders, as
supplemented by the Three Party Letter Agreement;   

our reliance on several single source suppliers and our ability to source raw materials at affordable
costs;   

our ability to protect our intellectual property;   

our compliance with governmental regulations;   

the success of our clinical study protocols under our Coverage with Evidence Development program   

our ability to contract with healthcare providers;   

our ability to successfully sell and market the Aurix System;   

the acceptance of our products by the medical community;   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; and   

our ability to successfully pursue strategic collaborations to help develop, support or commercialize
our products.   

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements. 

36   

In addition to the risks identified under
the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report and the other filings referenced above, other sections of this report
may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very
competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management
to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business, or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction
of actual results. 

Finally, we can offer no assurances that
we have correctly estimated the resources necessary to execute under our existing customer agreements and seek partners, co-developers
or acquirers for our regenerative therapies post-reorganization. If a larger workforce or one with a different skillset is ultimately
required to implement our post-reorganization strategy successfully, or if we inaccurately estimated the cash and cash equivalents
necessary to finance our operations, or if we are unable to identify additional sources of capital if necessary to continue our
operations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

The Company undertakes no obligation and
does not intend to update, revise or otherwise publicly release any revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. 

Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy   

Filing of Petition  

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed
a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). During the
pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, the Company continued to operate its business as a  debtor-in-possession  under the
jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the
Bankruptcy Court. 

In conjunction with the Company s
filing of the Chapter 11 Case, on January 29, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Company's motion and entered an interim order
which required certain notices and restricted proposed transfers of the Company's equity securities by any person or entity that
beneficially owned, or would have owned following a proposed transfer, at least 6,200,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  Old Common Stock ), representing approximately 5.0% of the Company's issued
and outstanding shares at the time. 

Debtor-in-Possession Financing  

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case,
on January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Company's interim debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP
Financing ) pursuant to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority debtor-in-possession credit agreement (the  DIP
Credit Agreement ), dated as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party
to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International
II, L.P., and Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ) and Deerfield Mgmt, L.P.,
as administrative agent (the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders
under the then-existing facility agreement by and among the Company and the Deerfield Lenders, entered into as of March 31, 2014,
as amended (the  Deerfield Facility Agreement ). 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved
a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders
and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including the material terms
of the proposed restructuring of the pre-petition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests of the Company,
the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver and First Amendment
provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing (collectively,
the  DIP Loans ). In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date, the DIP Credit Agreement
was terminated. 

Plan of Reorganization and Emergence
from Bankruptcy  

On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
entered an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation
Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (as confirmed, the  Plan of Reorganization ). 

37   

The Plan of Reorganization contemplated
that, prior to the effective date of such plan (which would occur no later than May 5, 2016), the Company would seek to raise
not less than $10,500,000 in funding (of which $3,000,000 could be in the form of backstop irrevocable capital call commitments
from creditworthy obligors in the reasonable judgment of the Deerfield Lenders (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ))
through a private placement of common stock of the reorganized Company (in such event, a  Successful Capital Raise ).
If the Company were unable to achieve a Successful Capital Raise, then the Plan of Reorganization contemplated alternative treatment
of certain claims and equity interests. The proposed treatment of claims and equity interests in the event of a Successful Capital
Raise was defined under the Plan of Reorganization as  Scenario A.   

The Company having met the conditions contemplated
for the Scenario A Successful Capital Raise, the Plan of Reorganization became effective on the Effective Date. Pursuant to the
Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares
of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common
Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were
cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was amended
and restated in its entirety, as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated
herein by reference), (iii) the Company s by-laws in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated
in their entirety as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated herein by
reference), and (iv) the Company issued New Common Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below). 

The Plan of Reorganization and the Confirmation
Order were filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 99.1, respectively, to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016,
and are incorporated herein by reference. 

New Common Stock  

Recapitalization  

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of new common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) to certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization Investors )
for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization Financing ). 
200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee.  The net cash amount
excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series
A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued warrants to purchase
6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors (the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate
on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to
$1.00 per share. The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary
adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations.
The Form of Warrant, which was filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, is incorporated
herein by reference. 

The Recapitalization Shares and Warrants
were issued to the Recapitalization Investors pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder. 

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment
prior to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield (the  Termination
Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors
upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. The
Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Recapitalization Investors with respect to securities
obtained in the Recapitalization Financing. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best
efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering
the resale of the shares of New Common Stock issued to the Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. The Registration Rights
Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

38   

Issuance of New Common Stock to Holders
of Old Common Stock  

As of the Effective Date, the Company
issued 2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the  Exchange Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of
March 28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered the required release documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with
the Confirmation Order and the Plan of Reorganization. The holders of Old Common Stock who executed and timely delivered the required
release documents are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.   

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, if the calculation would
otherwise have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number,
then the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
the Exchange Shares were issued under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section
1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. 

Issuance of New Common Stock in Exchange
for Administrative Claims  

On June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of
the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016. The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500 shares, 100,000
shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as payment of all remaining
allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee who
had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 thereunder. 

Series A Preferred Stock  

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). A copy of the Certificate of Designations is attached as Exhibit
3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016 and is incorporated herein by reference. On the Effective
Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization
pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code.
The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction.
For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and
elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such director serve
on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions
or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management Company, L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner. The Series A Preferred
Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, with
each share of Series A Preferred Stock having the right to five votes, currently representing approximately one percent
(1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve
certain transactions. Under the Certificate of Designations, for so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect, a majority
of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop Commitment.
Among other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to
(i) issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt other than for working
capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million, (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and that
provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain liquidation
preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of members of
its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds
of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

39   

Assignment and Assumption Agreement;
Transition Services Agreement  

Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization,
on May 5, 2016 the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ),
the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to its existing
license agreement with Arthrex, or the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property
owned by the Company and licensed thereunder, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer
was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to
the Plan of Reorganization. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix System currently represents the Company s
only commercial product offering. 

Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization,
on May 5, 2016, the Company also entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Assignee. The Transition Services Agreement
generally contemplates that, during a transition period, we will continue to provide for the manufacture and supply to Arthrex
of the Angel product line in accordance with the terms of the Arthrex Agreement, and to provide our full cooperation, as commercially
reasonable, to assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. Initially, our obligation to provide such
transition services was not to extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee. On October 20,
2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  Three Party Letter Agreement ) with Arthrex and the Assignee,
which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15, 2017. The Assignment and Assumption
Agreement and the Transition Services Agreement were filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The Three Party Letter Agreement was filed
as Exhibit 10.47 to our Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility Agreement
and DIP Credit Agreement  

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the Plan of
Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

Trading in the New Common Stock   

The shares of New Common Stock are not
currently eligible for trading on an OTC market. The Company is working with its advisors to obtain FINRA approval for trading,
and to obtain eligibility through the Depository Trust Company for electronic distribution of shares to brokerage accounts. There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in these endeavors. 

Our Business   

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( we, 
 us,   Nuo Therapeutics,   Nuo,  and the  Company ) is a regenerative therapies
company developing and marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness
the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies
for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex
chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 

Our current commercial offering consists
of a point of care technology for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet based therapy for
the chronic wound care market. Prior to the Effective Date, we had two distinct Platelet Rich Plasma ( PRP ) devices,
the Aurix System for chronic wound care, and the Angel concentrated PRP ( cPRP ) system for usage generally within
the orthopedics market. Approximately 85% of our product sales during the year ended December 31, 2015 were in the United States,
where we sold Aurix through direct sales representatives and Angel via our distribution agreements with Arthrex, Inc.  

As described above under   Bankruptcy
and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield
SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights,
title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property
owned by the Company and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. On May
5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue
to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix System currently
represents our only commercial product offering. 

40   

Growth drivers in the United States include
the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in (i) the Veterans Affairs ( VA ) healthcare system and other federal accounts
settings and (ii) the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination ( NCD ) when registry data is collected
under the Coverage with Evidence Development ( CED ) program of the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ). 

The Aurix  TM  System   

In October 2014, we relaunched our AutoloGel
chronic wound care system under the Aurix brand, as a part of our strategic plan for the commercialization of Aurix in the U.S.
chronic wound care market. 

The Aurix System is a point of care device
for the rapid production of a platelet based bioactive wound treatment derived from a small sample of the patient s own blood.
Aurix is cleared by the FDA for use on exuding wounds and is currently marketed in the chronic wound market. The advanced wound
care market, within which Aurix competes, is composed of advanced wound care dressings, wound care devices, and wound care biologics,
and is estimated to be an approximate $12.5 billion global market according to the visiongain Advanced Wound Care Market Forecast
2015-2015, published in 2015. The most significant growth driver for Aurix is the 2012 National Coverage Decision from CMS, which
reversed a twenty year old non-coverage decision for autologous blood derived products used in wound care. The Company s
recent collaboration with Restorix Health, Inc. ( Restorix ) (as described below) is strategically intended to drive
patient enrollment in the data registry protocols being conducted under the CED program. 

Using the patient s own platelets
as a therapeutic agent, Aurix harnesses the body s natural healing processes to deliver growth factors, chemokines and cytokines
known to promote angiogenesis and to regulate cell growth and the formation of new tissue. Once applied to the prepared wound bed,
the biologically active platelet gel can restore the balance in the wound environment to transform a non-healing wound to a wound
that heals naturally. There have been nine peer-reviewed scientific and clinical publications demonstrating the effectiveness of
Aurix in the management of chronic wounds since the device and gel was cleared by the FDA in 2007. 

CMS previously advised us that payment
levels for reimbursement claims with respect to Aurix would be reviewed annually and subject to change. Any decision by CMS to
decrease payment rates for reimbursement claims will negatively impact the Company's economic value proposition for Aurix in the
market for advanced wound care therapies, and could have material adverse effects on the Company s financial position and
results of operations.  

In July 2015, CMS released the proposed
Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment System ( HOPPS ) rule for calendar year 2016. In it, CMS proposed a national average reimbursement
rate for calendar year 2016 of $305 per Aurix treatment. The Company worked with CMS to establish a higher rate in the CMS 
final rule for calendar year 2016 issued on October 30, 2015. The final national average reimbursement rate under HOPPS for calendar
year 2016 was established at $1,411 per treatment effective January 1, 2016, with Aurix placed in Ambulatory Payment Classification
( APC ) 5054 (Level 4 Skin Procedures). In the text of the ruling, CMS commented they believed the geometric mean cost of the services
underlying Aurix is comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054. In July 2016, CMS released the proposed HOPPS rule for calendar
year 2017. In it, CMS proposed the continuation of a national average payment of $1,411 per treatment. The final national reimbursement
rate for 2017 has not yet been established and could be above or below the proposed rate. 

The Company s Aurix revenues in VA
facilities are unaffected by CMS determined reimbursement rates, as the Company establishes an agreed price on the Federal Supply
Schedule for use of Aurix in federal healthcare facilities. 

In September 2009, we entered into an original
license and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System
in Japan.  

In January 2015, we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in
human and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional cash payment of $1.0 million if and when
the reimbursement price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described
below.  

In conjunction with the Rohto license,
we amended our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia to terminate the agreement and to allow us to transfer the Japanese
exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this amendment, we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million
to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment from Rohto, are required to make a one-time, non-refundable payment
of $0.5 million upon our receipt of the $1.0 million milestone payment from Rohto, and may be required to make future royalty payments
to Millennia based upon net sales in Japan. Millennia has been instrumental in establishing the advanced wound care market in Japan,
and will continue to work with Rohto to develop the market for Aurix in that market. Further, Rohto has assumed responsibility
for securing the Marketing Authorization ( MA ) from Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare ( MHLW ),
while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data to support Rohto s regulatory initiatives. 

41   

The license agreement with Rohto and the
amendment to our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia were filed as Exhibits 10.32 and 10.33 to our Annual Report,
respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

On March 22, 2016, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Restorix with certain
limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix System in up to 30 of the approximately
125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management contract (the  RXH Partner Hospitals ),
in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in three prospective clinical research studies primarily
consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration
Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period, subject to one or more extensions with the
mutual consent of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement,
the Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and
Restorix as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii)
coverage of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain
limitations and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of
Aurix and participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support
as reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

Subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage
of Aurix in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii)
other than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management
company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon
full completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to
conduct the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will
pay the Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as
set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. 

The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated
by either party for a material breach, subject to a 60 day cure period. The Agreement is further subject to certain covenants
regarding confidentiality, assignment, indemnification and limitations on liability, as well as certain representations and warranties
of the parties. The Collaboration Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.39 to our Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company
and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.  Under this
agreement, Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below.  Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China
(China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical
dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine.   Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of
devices to produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing
kit and reagent kit.  Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within
90 days of approval of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than
December 31, 2018, and (b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an
agreement by the parties to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current
general pricing in greater China.   Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied
by the Company to make the Aurix Products.  Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products
in specified countries in the Asia Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater
than $250,000 in the aggregate.  If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings,
the Aurix Products or the Company s technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such
patent application outside greater China during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement.    

The Boyalife Distribution Agreement was
filed as Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

42   

Angel Product Line   

The Angel cPRP System, acquired from Sorin
Group USA, Inc. in April 2010, is designed for single-patient use at the point of care, and provides a simple and flexible means
for producing quality concentrated PRP and platelet poor plasma ( PPP ) from a small sample of whole blood or bone
marrow. The Angel cPRP System is a multi-functional cell separation device which produces cPRP for use in the operating room and
clinic and is generally used in a range of orthopedic indications. 

In August 2013, we entered into a Distributor
and License Agreement with Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ). Under the terms of this agreement, Arthrex obtained the exclusive
rights to sell, distribute, and service the Angel cPRP System and activAT throughout the world for all uses other than chronic
wound care. We granted Arthrex a limited license to use our intellectual property as part of enabling Arthrex to sell these products.
Pursuant to this license, Arthrex purchased these products from us at cost to distribute and service in exchange for payments based
on a certain royalty rate depending on volume of the products sold. As described below, we have assigned the right to this royalty
stream to Deerfield SS, LLC pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

On October
16, 2015, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement ) with
Arthrex, which amended and restated the original agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the Company granted
Arthrex   an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable, transferable license to
the Angel Patents (as defined in the following sentence) to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, have
sold, distribute and have distributed, import and have imported, the Angel  Concentrated Platelet System ( Angel )
product line (including, without limitation, the activeAT disposables and associated components) and certain new enhanced products
within the Exclusive Field of Use (as defined in the following sentence) and (B) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable,
transferable license to the Angel Patents to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, have sold, distribute
and have distributed, import and have imported, Angel and certain new enhanced products within (a) nonsurgical aesthetics markets
in the United Kingdom and Ireland subject to certain license rights granted to Biotherapy Services Ltd. and (b) any wound care
applications (i) worldwide, outside the United States, its territories and possessions and (ii) in the United Kingdom and Ireland
subject to certain license rights granted to Biotherapy Services Ltd. (the  Non-Exclusive Field of Use ). For purposes
of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the  Exclusive Field of Use  consists of uses in human and veterinary applications
except those described in the Non-Exclusive Field of Use, and  Angel Patents  are those patents used in the technology
required, or previously used by the Company, to make, use and sell the Angel product line. The Company also transferred to Arthrex
all of its rights and title to product registration and intellectual property (other than patents) related to Angel. In connection
with the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably released their liens on the product registration rights
and intellectual property assets (other than patents) transferred by the Company to Arthrex. The Amended Arthrex Agreement provided
that, on a date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March 31, 2016, Arthrex would assume all rights related to the
manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. We refer to the Amended Arthrex Agreement, as supplemented in April 2016, collectively
as the  Arthrex Agreement.    

Under the Arthrex Agreement, the Company
had the right to receive certain royalties through 2024. However, pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company
entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC ( Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield
Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer
and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property and royalty and payment rights owned by the Company and licensed thereunder.
Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement
pursuant to which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. The Transition Services
Agreement generally contemplates that, during this transition period, we will continue to provide for the manufacture and supply
to Arthrex of the Angel product line in accordance with the terms of Arthrex Agreement and to provide our full cooperation, as
commercially reasonable, to assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line, notwithstanding the original
March 31, 2016 assumption deadline for Arthrex described above. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition services was
not to extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee. 

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered
into the Three Party Letter Agreement with Arthrex and the Assignee, which extends the transition period under the Transition Services
Agreement through January 15, 2017.  Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment
of $201,200 to the Company on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title
and interest in the Company s inventory of Angel products (including spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and
(b) the Assignee is obligated to make three equal payments of $33,333.33 each to the Company as consideration for the extension
of the transition period.   Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, the Company will have no further obligations
under the Transition Services Agreement or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January 15, 2017.  The agreement contains a
full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities for payments of
Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales of Angel products occurring on or before
June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with respect to any actions, claims
or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of the Three Party Letter Agreement.  Neither
Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection with the Three Party Letter Agreement. 

43   

ALDHbr, or Bright Cell, Technology and
Clinical Development Pipeline  

The Company acquired the ALDHbr  Bright
Cell  technology as part of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012. The Bright Cell technology is a novel approach to
cell-based regenerative medicine with potential clinical indications in large markets with significant unmet medical needs, such
as peripheral arterial disease and ischemic stroke. The Bright Cell technology is unique in that it utilizes an intracellular enzyme
marker to facilitate fractionation of essential regenerative cells from a patient s bone marrow. This core technology was
originally licensed by Aldagen from Duke University and Johns Hopkins University (JHU). The proprietary bone-marrow fractionation
process identifies and isolates active stem and progenitor cells expressing high levels of the enzyme aldehyde dehydrogenase, or
ALDH, which is a key enzyme involved in the regulation of gene activities associated with cell proliferation and differentiation.
These select, autologous biologically instructive cells have the potential to promote the repair and regeneration of multiple types
of cells and tissues, including the growth of new blood vessels, or angiogenesis, which is critical to the generation of healthy
tissue. 

Reorganization of Research and Development
Operations related to the Bright Cell Technology   

Following the January 2014 completion of
the trial enrollment in the RECOVER-Stroke trial, in May 2014 we announced preliminary efficacy and safety results of this Phase
2 clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from ischemic stroke and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements
in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score) of the trial were not clinically or statistically significant. In light of
this outcome, we discontinued further direct funding of the clinical development program, and in connection therewith, closed the
Aldagen research and development facility in Durham, NC.    

Continued Clinical Investigation
and Development of Bright Cell Technology   

Notwithstanding the discontinuation of
further direct funding of clinical development, an ongoing Phase 2 clinical study (PACE) in intermittent claudication (a condition
associated with peripheral arterial disease) has continued under the sole funding of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute
( NHLBI ), a division of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and in collaboration with the Cardiovascular
Cell Therapy Research Network. This study enrolled 82 patients and trial enrollment concluded in January 2016. Clinical study
results are expected to be publicly available in the fourth quarter of 2016 with presentation at a major medical meeting. The
Bright Cell technology is also being investigated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in grade IV malignant glioma following surgery being
conducted by Duke University and funded externally.  

Results of Operations  

Upon emergence from bankruptcy on
the Effective Date, the Company applied fresh start accounting, resulting in the Company becoming a new entity for financial
reporting purposes (see Note 2    Fresh Start Accounting ). As a result of the application of fresh start
accounting, the Company reflected the disposition of its pre - petition
debt and changes in its equity structure effected under the Confirmation Order in its balance sheet as of the Effective Date.
Accordingly, all financial statements prior to May 5, 2016 are referred to as those of the  Predecessor Company  as
they reflect the periods prior to application of fresh start accounting. The balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and the
financial statements for periods subsequent to May 4, 2016, are referred to as those of the  Successor Company. 
Under fresh start accounting, the Company's assets and liabilities were adjusted to their fair values, and a reorganization
value for the entity was determined by the Company based upon the estimated fair value of the enterprise before considering
values allocated to debt to be settled in the reorganization. The fresh start adjustments are material and affect the
Company s results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. As a result of the application of fresh start accounting
and the effects of the implementation of the Plan of Reorganization, the financial statements on or after May 5, 2016 are not
comparable to the financial statements prior to that date. 

When evaluating results of operations below,
management views the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a single, whole measurement period instead of a pair of
distinct periods which must be divided and reported separately according to GAAP. Consequently, the Company is presenting the operating
results of the Predecessor and Successor on a combined basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. This combined
presentation is a non-GAAP summation of the Predecessor s pre-reorganization results of operations for the period from January
1, 2016 through May 4, 2016 and the Successor s results of operations for the period from May 5, 2016 through September 30,
2016. Management believes that the combined presentation provides additional information that enables meaningful comparison of
the Company s financial performance during uniform periods. 

Please
refer to Note 2    Fresh Start Accounting  in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a
detailed description of the effects of (i) the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Reorganization (reflected in the
column  Reorganization Adjustments  in the second table of Note 2) and (ii) fair value adjustments as a result of
the adoption of fresh start accounting (reflected in the column  Fresh Start Adjustments  in the second table of
Note 2). Please refer to the section titled  Reorganization Items, net  in such note for a summary of the costs
directly attributable to the implementation of the Plan of Reorganization. The disclosure provided in Note 2    Fresh
Start Accounting  is incorporated herein by reference.  

44   

Comparison of Quarters Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The amounts presented in this comparison section are rounded
to the nearest thousand. 

Revenue and Gross Profit    

The following table presents the profitability
of sales for the periods presented: 

Revenues decreased $1,992,000 (92%) to
$177,000 comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the comparable period in 2015. This was primarily due to the
absence of sales of Angel devices and disposables to Arthrex as Angel distributor and the absence of Angel-related royalties
from Arthrex in the third quarter of 2016 as opposed to a full three months of Angel related revenues in the 2015 period. 

Overall gross profit decreased
$670,000 (118%) to ($101,000) while overall gross margin decreased to (57)% from 26%, comparing the three months ended
September 30, 2016 to the comparable period in 2015. The negative gross profit resulted primarily from non-cash expenses
relating to the amortization  of intangible assets and prepaid royalty expense and depreciation expense on Aurix
centrifuges of approximately $252,000 in 2016 resulting in a reduction in gross margin from what would have been 85% to (57)%
for the period, as compared to a reduction in gross margin for the prior year quarter from what would have been 30% to
26% associated with approximately $91,000 of non-cash amortization expense relating to intangibles associated with
Angel royalty revenue, product depreciation expense, and prepaid royalty expense. Quarterly amortization charges for the
definite lived intangible assets resulting from the application of fresh start accounting as of the Effective Date and
prepaid royalty expense is expected to be approximately $213,000. 

Operating Expenses    

Operating expenses decreased
$26,073,000 (94%) to $1,755,000 comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease was primarily due to the $23.7 million impairment of intangible assets and goodwill recognized in the
prior year period. A discussion of the various other components of operating expenses follows below. 

S ales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expenses
decreased $1,251,000 (79%) to $332,000 comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The
decrease was due to lower compensation expense and a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses, professional service and
marketing services, all due to the realignment initiated in the second half of 2015 and the commencement of the
Company s bankruptcy proceedings in January 2016. 

Research and Development  

Research and development expenses decreased
$192,000 (37%) to $323,000 comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was due to
lower Aldagen related clinical trial costs as a result of the close out of the RECOVER-Stroke trial, and lower travel expenses
which were partially offset by higher clinical costs associated with CED treatment sites. 

45   

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses decreased
$889,000 (45%) to $1,100,000 comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was primarily
due to lower compensation expenses, decreased professional fees and lower services expense due to cost reduction initiatives. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Other income, net decreased
$13,496,000  to $61,000 other expense, net comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period.
The change was primarily attributable to the absence of the approximately $14.4 million gain on change in fair value of
derivative liabilities recognized in the third quarter of 2015, partially offset by the absence of the approximately $1.0
million of net interest expense also recognized in the prior year third quarter. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

The amounts presented in this comparison section are rounded
to the nearest thousand. 

Revenue and Gross Profit   

The following table presents the profitability
of sales for the periods presented: 

Revenues decreased $7,857,000 (79%) to
$2,045,000, comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the comparable period in 2015. This was primarily due to (1)
the $3 million license revenue from Rohto recognized in the first nine months of 2015, (2) significantly decreased pass-through
sales of Angel devices and disposables to Arthrex as Angel distributor for the period January 1, 2016 through May 5, 2016 (the
date of the assignment of the Angel asset to Deerfield) and (3) royalties on Angel product sales from Arthrex for only four months
during 2016 as opposed to a full nine months of royalties in the 2016 period. 

Overall gross profit decreased $2,387,000
(77%) to $708,000 while overall gross margin increased to 35% from 31%, comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the
comparable period in 2015. The increase in gross margin resulted primarily from a greater mix of royalty revenues as a share of
total revenues in the first nine months of 2016 which have higher gross margins. The decline
in gross profit was primarily attributable to the absence in 2016 of the $1.5 million gross profit resulting from the Rohto license
agreement in the 2015 period plus an approximately $0.5 million decrease in royalty gross profits resulting from only four months
of Angel royalties in the 2016 period. On a full year basis, the Aurix product line is expected to incur approximately $852,000
of non-cash amortization charges recorded as cost of sales due to the amortization of the intangible assets resulting from the
application of fresh start accounting as of the Effective Date and prepaid royalty expense. 

46   

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses decreased
$31,646,000 (83%) to $6,515,000 comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the $23.7 million impairment of intangible assets and goodwill recognized in the
prior year period. A discussion of the various other components of operating expenses follows below. 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing decreased $3,785,000
(73%) to $1,403,000 comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was due to lower
compensation expense and a decrease in all associated sales and marketing expenses, all due to the realignment initiated in the
second half of 2015 and the commencement of the Company s bankruptcy proceedings in January 2016. 

Research and Development  

Research and development expenses
decreased $745,000 (40%) to $1,102,000 comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The
decrease was due to lower compensation expense related to the realignment of the Company started in the second half of 2015
and the absence of significant Aldagen related clinical trial costs in the current year period as a result of the close out
of the trial in the summer of 2015. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses decreased
$3,375,000 (46%) to $4,010,000 comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was primarily
due to lower compensation expenses and a reduction in all general and administrative expenses due to the realignment initiated
in the second half of 2015 and the bankruptcy reorganization beginning in January 2016. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Other income, net increased
$6,282,000 (26%) to $30,771,000 comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period. The change was
primarily attributable to the approximately $30.9 million gain on reorganization and a decrease of approximately $2.5 million
in net interest expense partially offset by the absence in 2016 of the approximately $27.2 million gain on change in fair
value of derivative liabilities recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have a history of losses, are not
currently profitable, and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. Our revenues have declined
from approximately $9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately $2.0 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Our only current significant source of revenues is our Aurix product. We may never generate
sufficient revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. For the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016, and for
the period from May 5, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we incurred net losses from operations of approximately $2.8 million
and $3.0 million, respectively. As a result of the application of fresh start accounting as of May 5, 2016, or the Effective
Date, on such date our retained earnings (deficit) was zero and our total stockholders  equity was approximately
$17.9 million. 

At September 30, 2016, we had cash
and cash equivalents of approximately $3.9 million, total current assets of approximately $5.6 million and total current
liabilities of approximately $1.7 million, compared to cash and cash equivalents of approximately $6.1 million, total current
assets of approximately $8.1 million, and total current liabilities of approximately $2.6 million at June 30, 2016.
Our operations are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including those described in   Item 1A.
Risk Factors   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

We estimate that our current
resources, expected revenue from sales of Aurix, including additional revenue expected to be generated from our Restorix
collaboration  and limited royalty from our license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for
the Aldeflour product line, combined with the $3.0 million Backstop Commitment (which is not available to us until June 30,
2017), will be adequate to maintain our operations through at least the end of 2017. However, if we are unable to increase
our revenues as much as expected or control our costs as effectively as expected, then we may be required to curtail portions
of our strategic plan or to cease operations. The Backstop Commitment is, by its terms, only available to us on or after June
30, 2017, and terminates upon the occurrence of certain events. Any issuances of shares under the Backstop Commitment will
occur at an average share price of $0.2344, which will likely cause substantial dilution for our existing stockholders. 

Historically, we have financed our operations
through a combination of the sale of debt, equity and equity-linked securities, licensing, royalty, and product revenues. As disclosed
in  -  Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   and   - The Aurix System  
above, in the first quarter 2015, we received from Rohto an upfront payment of $3.0 million as part of our licensing arrangement
with Rohto, and we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million payment. 

47   

On August 11, 2015, our Board of Directors
approved a realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the value of our existing
assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of cash and cash equivalents to
finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition, on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated
an additional 22% of its workforce, or seven employees, and in January 2016, the Company eliminated four additional employees.
We recognized and paid cumulative severance costs to executives and non-executives in connection with the realignment plan of approximately
$1.1 million through September 30, 2016. 

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware seeking relief under Chapter 11 the Bankruptcy Code.
During the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, we continued to operate our business with funding under the DIP Loans as a  debtor-in-possession 
under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders
of the Bankruptcy Court. On January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving our interim DIP Financing pursuant
to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority DIP Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from
time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to the Deerfield Lenders and the DIP Agent. The Deerfield
Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The final DIP Credit Agreement provided for senior
secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6 million in post-petition financing, of which $5.75 million was outstanding
as of May 4, 2016. 

In addition, at May 4, 2016 we had total
debt outstanding under the Deerfield Facility Agreement of approximately $38.3 million, including accrued interest. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the DIP Credit Agreement was terminated and the obligations of the Company under the Deerfield Facility
Agreement were cancelled and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. We had no outstanding debt as of September
30, 2016. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain accredited investors in the Recapitalization
Financing for net cash proceeds to the Company of $7,052,500. The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses
paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. As part
of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued Warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain
of the Recapitalization Investors. 

Under the Plan of Reorganization, the Company
issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity
date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid to holders
of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other capital stock
that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. For
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect
one member of the Board of Directors and to have such director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established
to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky
serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management Company,
L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a
single class, representing approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain transactions. For so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect,
a majority of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop
Commitment. Among other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s
ability to (i) issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt other than
for working capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million, (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock
and that provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain
liquidation preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of
members of its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

As a result of the assignment to Deerfield
of our rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the related transfer
and assignment of associated intellectual property previously owned by us and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as
rights to collect royalty payments thereunder, we  no longer receive royalties from the Angel product line for periods after
May 5, 2016, but we  continue to incur modest net expenses under the Transition Services Agreement with Deerfield. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient
revenues or raise additional funds, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current
business plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate the market serving
Medicare beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the Medicare CED coverage determination;
delay the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; or postpone the hiring of new personnel;
or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs that may require additional funding include,
without limitation, continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and customer service areas, expansion into the
international markets, significant new product development or modifications, and pursuit of other opportunities. 

48   

Any equity financings may cause substantial
dilution to our shareholders and could involve the issuance of securities with rights senior to the New Common Stock. Any allowed
debt financings may require us to comply with onerous financial covenants and restrict our business operations. Our ability to
complete additional financings is dependent on, among other things, the state of the capital markets at the time of any proposed
offering, market reception of the Company and the likelihood of the success of our business model, of the offering terms, etc.
We may not be able to obtain any such additional capital as we need to finance our efforts, through asset sales, equity or debt
financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained, may
not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis
and on satisfactory terms, our revenues and operations and the value of our New Common Stock and common stock equivalents would
be materially negatively impacted and we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 

The Company will continue
to opportunistically pursue exploratory conversations with companies regarding their interest in our products and
technologies. We will seek to leverage these relationships if and when they materialize to secure non-dilutive sources of
funding if practicable. There is no assurance that we will be able to secure such relationships or, even if we do, that the terms will
be favorable to us. 

We cannot assure you that we have accurately
estimated the cash and cash equivalents necessary to finance our operations. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if operating
expenses exceed our expectations or cannot be adjusted accordingly, and/or we cannot obtain financing on acceptable terms or at
all, then our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected. 

Cash Flows  

Net cash provided by (used in) operating,
investing, and financing activities for the periods presented were as follows (in millions): 

Operating Activities  

Cash used in operating activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $9.6 million primarily reflects our net income of $25.0 million adjusted by
the approximately $34.8 million non-cash gain on reorganization and a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of
approximately $0.8 million and partially offset by (i) approximately $0.8 million of depreciation and amortization expense
and (ii) approximately $0.3 million of non-cash DIP Financing debt issuance costs. 

Cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $11.7 million primarily reflects our net loss of $10.6 million adjusted by a (i) $27.2
million decrease for changes in derivative liabilities resulting from a change in their fair value, (ii) $23.7 increase for impairment
charge for intangible assets and goodwill, (iii) $1.2 million increase for amortization of deferred costs and debt discount relating
to debt issuances, (iv) $0.7 million increase for stock-based compensation, and (v) $0.5 million increase for depreciation and
amortization. 

Investing Activities  

We did not have any investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily reflects software implementation costs for our CED protocols and the purchase of Angel centrifuge
devices for research and development use. 

49   

Financing Activities  

Cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $12.5 million consisted of approximately $5.5 million, net of issuance
costs, of DIP Financing provided by Deerfield and net cash of approximately $7.1 million from the Recapitalization Financing. The
total amount outstanding under the DIP Credit Agreement as of May 4, 2016 was $5.75 million excluding approximately $0.3 million
of debt issuance costs. The DIP Credit Agreement and Deerfield Facility Agreement were terminated and cancelled, respectively,
as the Effective Date of May 5, 2016. 

We did not have any financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

Inflation  

The Company believes that the rates of
inflation in recent years have not had a significant impact on its operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

A  critical accounting policy 
is one that is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Such judgments are often the result of a need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have identified the following accounting policies as critical to the successor company. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for,
but not limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation
of derivative liabilities, contingent liabilities, fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including property and
equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification of our long-term
debt. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Successor Company Intangible Assets
and Goodwill  

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents), customer and clinician relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives and
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
If any indicators were present, we test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from the asset. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount (i.e.,
the asset is not recoverable), we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an
impairment loss, if any. We periodically reevaluate the useful lives for these intangible assets to determine whether events and
circumstances warrant a revision in their remaining useful lives. 

Goodwill represents the excess of reorganization
value over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets and the fair value of liabilities as of the Effective
Date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to periodic review for impairment. Goodwill is reviewed annually, as of October
1, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill might not be recoverable.
We perform our review of goodwill on our one reporting unit. 

Before employing detailed impairment testing
methodologies, we first evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors relevant to our reporting unit.
When performing the qualitative assessment, we evaluate events and circumstances that would affect the significant inputs used
to determine the fair value of the goodwill. Events and circumstances evaluated include: macroeconomic conditions that could affect
us, industry and market considerations for the medical device industry that could affect us, cost factors that could affect our
performance, our financial performance (including share price), and consideration of any company specific events that could negatively
affect us, our business, or the fair value of our business. If we determine that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired,
we will then apply detailed testing methodologies. Otherwise, we will conclude that no impairment has occurred. 

50   

Detailed impairment testing involves comparing
the fair value of our one reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value,
then it is concluded that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value,
a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. The second step includes hypothetically valuing the tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities of our one reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination. The implied
fair value of our one reporting unit's goodwill then is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. If the carrying value
of our one reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount
equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value.  

Successor Company Revenue Recognition  

We recognize revenue when the four basic
criteria for recognition are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered; (3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

We provide for the sale of our products,
including disposable processing sets and supplies to customers. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of
products to the customers. We do not maintain a reserve for returned products as in the past those returns have not been material
and are not expected to be material in the future. 

Percentage-based fees on licensee sales
of covered products are generally recorded as products are sold by licensees and are reflected as royalties in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. Direct costs associated with product sales and royalty revenues are recorded at the time that revenue
is recognized. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Our condensed consolidated balance sheets
include certain financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the sale
of an asset or paid to transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement
date. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs
used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;  

Level 2, defined as observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and  

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

An asset s or liability s level
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At
each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets
and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently
and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 

The Successor Company s property
and equipment and intangible assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, upon establishment pursuant to fresh start
accounting, and upon impairment. The Successor Company determined the fair value of its intangibles assets as of the Effective
Date as follows: 

Identifiable  
Intangible Asset    
     Valuation Method    
     Significant  
Unobservable Inputs    
     Estimated  
Fair Value     

Trademarks    
     Income approach - royalty savings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  917,000     

Estimated royalty rates    

Discount rate    

Technology    
     Income approach - royalty savings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  6,576,000     

Estimated royalty rates    

Discount rate    

Clinician Relationships    
     Income approach - excess earnings method    
     Projected sales    
     $  904,000     

Estimated attrition    

Projected margins    

Discount rate    

51   

Unadopted Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations for
reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify
the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property, with
the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact, if
any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance
for the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern
basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures.
This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so,
the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance
for the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income tax
liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will be classified
as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
simplifying the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all excess
tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses or benefits
in the income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the operating activities
section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the number of awards that
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of the other stock-based compensation
awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for withholding shares for tax-withholding
purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted, though
all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption of certain amendments of the guidance must
be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied either on a modified retrospective basis or
retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

52   

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on
debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We
are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard
to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and
requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. For trade
and other receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, we will be required to use a forward-looking expected loss model
rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses which reflects losses that are probable. Credit losses relating
to available-for-sale debt securities will also be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in
the amortized cost basis of the securities. The new standard will be effective for us beginning July 1, 2020, with early adoption
permitted beginning July 1, 2019. Application of the amendments is through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and
unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

During the pendency of its Chapter 11 case
and following the date of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, in addition to their regular financial
reporting duties, the Company s management team and finance and accounting personnel were required to devote significant
time and attention to matters relating to and on the preparation of materials required in connection with the Chapter 11 case and
the Plan of Reorganization, including monthly reports which the Company filed under cover of Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
As a result, the Company was unable to file its Annual Report and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March
31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 within the prescribed time periods because of the limitations on staffing, the Company s limited
financial resources and the significant additional burdens that the Chapter 11 case imposed on the Company s available human
and financial resources. Such inability could not have been eliminated by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense. 
Following its emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, the Company commenced the process of preparing the above mentioned periodic
reports.  

As of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer who
is also our Chief Financial Officer (the  Certifying Officer ), the Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure
controls and procedures. As defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, the term  disclosure controls
and procedures  means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the
Certifying Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on this evaluation, our Certifying Officer
has concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

53   

PART II 
  
OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

The Company filed its Chapter 11 Case on
January 26, 2016 and emerged from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016.  Please see the description of the Company s Chapter 11
Case contained in   Part I - Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations - Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy  , which is incorporated herein by reference.  Other than
the Chapter 11 Case, the Company has not been party to, and its property has not been the subject of, any material legal proceedings
required to be disclosed herein. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

Not Applicable. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds.  

None.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.   

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits.   

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index
are furnished as part of this Report. 

54   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden, 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

55   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description    

10.1  
       
      2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (subject to approval by the Company s stockholders) (previously filed on October 24, 2016 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).*   

10.2 
       
     Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement under 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
    (Plan subject to approval by the Company s stockholders).*  

10.3 
       
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement under 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
    (Plan subject to approval by the Company s stockholders).*  

31  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101  
       
      The following
    materials     from Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible
    Business Reporting     Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
    2015, (ii) Condensed     Consolidated Statements of Operations for the period from January 1, 2016 through May 4, 2016; from
    May 5, 2016 through     September 30, 2016; the three months ended September 30, 2016; and for the nine and three month
    periods ended September 30,     2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the period from January 1,
    2016 through May 4, 2016, from May     5, 2016 through September 30, 2016 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
    (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements     of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the period January 1, 2015 through
    September 30, 2016 and (v) Notes to     the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

*  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
or arrangement. 

56   

<EX-10.2>
 2
 v451840_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

Option Recipient: __________________ 

  Total Number of Shares Covered by the Option:___________  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.    

   INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT
FOR EMPLOYEES   

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the  Company ), is pleased to grant to the Eligible Person signing below ( you  or  Grantee )
the incentive stock option (the  Option ) described herein under the Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Compensation Plan (as amended, the  Plan ). This Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Employees (this  Agreement )
is the Award Agreement for the Option. For tax purposes, this Option shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. 

Basic Terms and Conditions of Option:   

Grant Date:   
       __________    

Exercise Price per Share:   
       __________    

Term of the Option:   
       10 years (i.e., expiring ________)    

Shares Covered by Option:   
       ______ Shares    

Vesting Schedule:  Subject to the Plan
and this Agreement, the Option vests and may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the following schedule, provided,
that, in each case, vesting will occur only if no Termination of Affiliation with respect to Grantee occurs at any time prior to
the applicable vesting date: 

Cumulative Number of Shares 

  Vesting Date                                                   Purchasable Upon Exercise of Option

The Additional Terms and Conditions and
the Plan described below are incorporated in this Agreement by reference and contain important information about your Option. Copies
of all of the documents set forth below are being provided to you concurrently with this Agreement. Please review them carefully
and contact the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer if you have any questions.  

Additional Terms and Conditions  describes how to exercise your Option, what happens if you
cease to remain employed with the Company before you exercise your Option, and where to send notices.   

The Plan  contains the detailed terms that govern your Option. If anything in this Agreement
or the other attachments is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan, as amended from time to time, will control. All
capitalized terms used herein that are not defined herein but that are defined in the Plan have the same meanings given them in
the Plan.   

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

Please sign in the space provided below,
keep a copy of this Agreement for your records, and return two originals to the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief
Financial Officer.  

Signature of Grantee :  
       
       Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.    

By:  

Name:  __________________  

Name:   David Jorden   

Title:   

Residence Address:  
       
      Notice Address:   

ADDITIONAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR OPTION    

1.             Acceptance .
The grant of the Option will be revoked automatically without further action or notice if you do not, within thirty (30) days after
the Grant Date, accept this Agreement by signing and returning this Agreement to the Company. By accepting this Agreement, you
accept the grant of the Option on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, acknowledge receipt of a copy of the
Plan, and warrant that you are free to enter into this Agreement and do not have any legal obligations that are inconsistent with
this Agreement. 

2.             Exercise
Procedures . 

(a)          The
Option is not exercisable until you accept this Agreement. Thereafter, the Option is exercisable only to the extent and in the
manner described in this Agreement and the Plan. 

(b)          To
the extent that the Option is vested and exercisable as provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, and it has
not been forfeited or expired under  Section 3  or  Section 4  below, you may exercise the Option as to all or any portion
of the Shares for which it is vested and exercisable. 

(c)          Unless
otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee, the Option must be exercised for whole Shares only. The exercise date of your Option
is the date of delivery to the Committee of your notice of exercise (in the form promulgated by the Company for this purpose).
The notice of exercise must be accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price and any applicable tax withholding in full. You may
pay the Exercise Price (a) in cash, personal check or wire transfer, (b) by delivery of Shares you own prior to exercise, valued
at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (c) with the approval of the Committee, by Shares acquired upon the exercise
of the Option, such Shares valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (d) with the approval of the Committee, by
Restricted Shares you hold prior to the exercise of the Option, each such share valued at the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of exercise; or (e) subject to applicable law (including the prohibited loan provisions of Section 402 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act of 2002), through the sale of the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option through a broker-dealer to whom you have submitted
an irrevocable notice of exercise and irrevocable instructions to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale proceeds sufficient
to pay for such Shares. Upon exercise, you must pay the applicable tax withholding in full in accordance with a method specified
in Section 18.1 of the Plan that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. You will need to contact the Committee
before you exercise your Option to determine the amount of any required tax withholding and required payment method. 

(d)          The
Committee may in its discretion specify that, if any Restricted Shares ( Tendered Restricted Shares ) are used to pay
the Exercise Price, (i) all the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered
Restricted Shares, determined as of the date of exercise of the Option, or (ii) a number of Shares acquired on exercise of the
Option equal to the number of Tendered Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares,
determined as of the date of exercise of the Option. 

3.             Effect
of Termination of Affiliation.  

(a)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason, the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable at the time
of the Termination of Affiliation, shall be forfeited to the Company simultaneously with the Termination of Affiliation. 

(b)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of a termination by the Company (or Affiliate) for Cause (or a resignation
or other voluntary termination at a time in which Cause for termination exists), the entire Option shall be forfeited to the Company
simultaneously with such Termination of Affiliation, including to the extent the Option is otherwise vested and exercisable at
the time of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(c)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of your death or Disability (within the meaning of Section 2.13(a) of the
Plan), the Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire
at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is one year after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(d)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason not specified in  Section 3(b)  or  Section 3(c)  above, the
Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire at 5:00
p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is ninety (90) days after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(e)          For
purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: you (i) commit, are convicted
of or plead guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime involving dishonesty, theft, violence or moral turpitude; (ii) commit a
material act constituting fraud, theft, dishonesty (including relating to financial matters) or material deceit, whether or not
related to your services to the Company; (iii) improperly and without authorization from the Board disclose to any Person any material
information constituting confidential information or a trade secret of the Company or its Affiliates; (iv) commit an act constituting
a violation of applicable law relating to the workplace environment (including laws relating to sexual harassment or age, race,
sex or other prohibited discrimination); (v) use or possess any unprescribed controlled substance or are intoxicated while performing
your duties to the Company; (vi) substantially fail or are unable (other than by reason of your death or Disability) to perform
such duties, complete such tasks or follow such direction as reasonably prescribed by the Board or officers of the Company to whom
you report, or to carry out effectively any other obligations to the Company or its Affiliates; (vii) fail to observe material
policies of the Company or its Affiliates; (viii) act with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your duties
to the Company or its Affiliates; (ix) are chronically absent from work other than for reasonable medical or other reasons; or
(x) breach any material term of any agreement you have with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if you have an employment agreement in effect with the Company specifying a different definition for the term  Cause ,
then the definition in such agreement will also control and govern for purposes of this Agreement. 

4.             Expiration .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the last day of the Term of the
Option provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, unless earlier forfeited or expired under  Section 3 
above. 

5.             Effect
of Expiration or Forfeiture . If and to the extent that the Option is forfeited or expires under this Agreement, as of the time
of forfeiture or expiration, the Option shall no longer be outstanding or exercisable under any circumstances. Forfeiture or expiration
shall occur automatically, without the need for consideration and without the need for further action by or notice from the Company.
The Company is under no obligation to provide notice of any pending expiration of the Option to you. 

6.             No
Transfers . Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the Plan, this Option is not assignable or transferable other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised, during the Grantee s lifetime, only by the Grantee . 

7.             Corporate
Transaction . Upon a Corporate Transaction, unless assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award granted
by the Surviving Company in substitution for the Option, (a) the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable as of the
consummation of such Corporate Transaction, shall be cancelled without any payment to you as of the consummation of the Corporate
Transaction (unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, accelerates the vesting of the Option), and (b) to the extent that the
Option is vested and exercisable as of the consummation of such Corporate Transaction, the Committee may either (i) allow you to
exercise the Option within a reasonable period prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction and cancel the Option to
the extent that it remains unexercised upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, or (ii) cancel the Option in exchange for
a payment (in cash, or in securities or other property) in an amount equal to the amount that you would have received (net of the
Exercise Price) if such vested Option was exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Option is not assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award issued by the Surviving
Company and the Exercise Price with respect to the Option exceeds the Fair Market Value of the Shares immediately prior to the
consummation of the Corporate Transaction, the entire Option shall be cancelled as of the consummation of the Corporate Transaction
without any payment to you. 

8.             Notices. 
All notices pursuant to this Agreement will be in writing and either (a) delivered by hand, (b) mailed by United States certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent by an internationally recognized courier that maintains evidence of
delivery and receipt. All notices or other communications will be directed to the parties  respective addresses set forth
on the signature page of this Agreement (or to such other addresses as either party may designate by notice to the other). 

9.             Incentive
Stock Option Provisions . In addition to the provisions set forth in Section 6.4 of the Plan, the Option is subject this  Section
9 . 

(a)           Qualification
as an Incentive Stock Option . It is understood that the Options are intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined
in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under applicable law. Accordingly, the Participant understands that in order
to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option, no sale or other disposition may be made of share for which incentive stock
option treatment is desired within one (1) year following the date of exercise of the Options or within two (2) years from the
Grant Date. The Participant understands and agrees that the Company shall not be liable or responsible for any additional tax liability
the Participant incurs in the event that the Internal Revenue Service for any reason determines that the Options do not qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of the Code. 

(b)            Disqualifying
Disposition  . If the Participant disposes of the shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of either two (2) years
from the Grant Date or one (1) year from the date the shares are transferred to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the
Option, the Participant shall notify the Company in writing within ten (10) days after such disposition of the date and terms of
such disposition. The Participant also agrees to provide the Company with any information concerning any such dispositions as the
Company requires for tax purposes. 

10.            Miscellaneous .
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, other than its laws respecting
choice of law. Any waiver by you or the Company of any condition or the breach of any term or provision in this Agreement, whether
by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall apply only to that instance and will not be deemed to waive conditions
or breaches in the future. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies and each executed copy shall be deemed an original
of this Agreement. Except as permitted by the Plan, no amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed
by you and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding on all successors and permitted assigns of the Company and you, including
your estate and the executor, liquidator, administrator or trustee of such estate, and any receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or
representative of your creditors. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement of the parties hereto and no representation, inducement,
promise, or agreement or otherwise between the parties not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect, and no party will be
liable or bound in any manner for any warranty, representation, or covenant except as specifically set forth herein. 

11.            Employment .
Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate your
employment at any time (with or without Cause), nor confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates
for any period of time or to continue your present (or other) rate of compensation. 

12.            Time
is of the Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to your exercise of the Option. 

FORM OF CONSENT AND AGREEMENT OF SPOUSE  

The undersigned spouse
and/or domestic partner of the corresponding Grantee set forth opposite the undersigned spouse or domestic partner s signature,
hereby states and agrees as follows: I understand that the Agreement does not create for me any right in the options to acquire
the Company s common stock owned by my spouse or domestic partner, as applicable, (the   Options  ), but
applies only to any marital or spousal interest I may have apart from the Agreement. I understand that pursuant to the Agreement,
the Options are subject to the Company s right to terminate the Options upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.
I hereby consent to and agree to be legally bound by the provisions of the Agreement, and agree that I will make no transfer of
the Options, or my interest in them (if any), in violation of the provisions of the Agreement. I hereby direct and authorize that
any will, trust agreement or other testamentary document I have executed or may execute, to the extent such will, trust or other
testamentary document pertains to options to acquire shares of the Company s common stock, shall be subject to the provisions
of the Agreement. My failure to otherwise make any such direction and authorization shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of this consent and agreement. I have either been advised by legal counsel of my own choice as to the significant effect which
signing this consent and agreement has on my property rights, or I have freely chosen not to seek such advice. I consent to and
agree to be legally bound by the terms of the Agreement. 

Grantee s Name:    

Spouse s Signature:  

Spouse s Name:   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 v451840_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

Option Recipient:
__________________ 

  Total Number of Shares Covered by
the Option:___________  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.    

   NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the  Company ), is pleased to grant to the Eligible Person signing below ( you  or  Grantee )
the stock option (the  Option ) described herein under the Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation
Plan (as amended, the  Plan ). This Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this  Agreement ) is the
Award Agreement for the Option. For tax purposes, this Option shall not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. 

Basic Terms and Conditions of Option:   

Grant Date:   
       ___________    

Exercise Price per Share:   
       ___________    

Term of the Option:   
       10 years (i.e., expiring ________)    

Shares Covered by Option:   
       ______ Shares    

Vesting Schedule:  Subject to the Plan
and this Agreement, the Option vests and may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the following schedule, provided,
that, in each case, vesting will occur only if no Termination of Affiliation with respect to Grantee occurs at any time prior to
the applicable vesting date: 

Cumulative Number of Shares 

  Vesting Date                                                  Purchasable Upon Exercise of Option

The Additional Terms and Conditions and
the Plan described below are incorporated in this Agreement by reference and contain important information about your Option. Copies
of all of the documents set forth below are being provided to you concurrently with this Agreement. Please review them carefully
and contact the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer if you have any questions.  

Additional Terms and Conditions  describes how to exercise your Option, what happens if you
cease to remain employed with, or cease to remain in a director or consulting relationship (as applicable) with, the Company before
you exercise your Option, and where to send notices.   

The Plan  contains the detailed terms that govern your Option. If anything in this Agreement
or the other attachments is inconsistent with the Plan, the terms of the Plan, as amended from time to time, will control. All
capitalized terms used herein that are not defined herein but that are defined in the Plan have the same meanings given them in
the Plan.   

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

Please sign in the space provided below,
keep a copy of this Agreement for your records, and return two originals to the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief
Financial Officer.  

Signature of Grantee :  
       
       Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.    

By:  

Name:  __________________  

Name:   David Jorden   

Title:   

Residence Address:  
       
      Notice Address:   

ADDITIONAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR OPTION    

1.             Acceptance .
The grant of the Option will be revoked automatically without further action or notice if you do not, within thirty (30) days after
the Grant Date, accept this Agreement by signing and returning this Agreement to the Company. By accepting this Agreement, you
accept the grant of the Option on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, acknowledge receipt of a copy of the
Plan, and warrant that you are free to enter into this Agreement and do not have any legal obligations that are inconsistent with
this Agreement. 

2.             Exercise
Procedures . 

(a)          The
Option is not exercisable until you accept this Agreement. Thereafter, the Option is exercisable only to the extent and in the
manner described in this Agreement and the Plan. 

(b)          To
the extent that the Option is vested and exercisable as provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, and it has
not been forfeited or expired under  Section 3  or  Section 4  below, you may exercise the Option as to all or any portion
of the Shares for which it is vested and exercisable. 

(c)          Unless
otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee, the Option must be exercised for whole Shares only. The exercise date of your Option
is the date of delivery to the Committee of your notice of exercise (in the form promulgated by the Company for this purpose).
The notice of exercise must be accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price and any applicable tax withholding in full. You may
pay the Exercise Price (a) in cash, personal check or wire transfer, (b) by delivery of Shares you own prior to exercise, valued
at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (c) with the approval of the Committee, by Shares acquired upon the exercise
of the Option, such Shares valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (d) with the approval of the Committee, by
Restricted Shares you hold prior to the exercise of the Option, each such share valued at the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of exercise; or (e) subject to applicable law (including the prohibited loan provisions of Section 402 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act of 2002), through the sale of the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option through a broker-dealer to whom you have submitted
an irrevocable notice of exercise and irrevocable instructions to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale proceeds sufficient
to pay for such Shares. Upon exercise, you must pay the applicable tax withholding in full in accordance with a method specified
in Section 18.1 of the Plan that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. You will need to contact the Committee
before you exercise your Option to determine the amount of any required tax withholding and required payment method. 

(d)          The
Committee may in its discretion specify that, if any Restricted Shares ( Tendered Restricted Shares ) are used to pay
the Exercise Price, (i) all the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered
Restricted Shares, determined as of the date of exercise of the Option, or (ii) a number of Shares acquired on exercise of the
Option equal to the number of Tendered Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares,
determined as of the date of exercise of the Option. 

3.             Effect
of Termination of Affiliation.  

(a)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason, the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable at the time
of the Termination of Affiliation, shall be forfeited to the Company simultaneously with the Termination of Affiliation. 

(b)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of a termination by the Company (or Affiliate) for Cause (or a resignation
or other voluntary termination at a time in which Cause for termination exists), the entire Option shall be forfeited to the Company
simultaneously with such Termination of Affiliation, including to the extent the Option is otherwise vested and exercisable at
the time of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(c)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation by reason of your death or Disability (within the meaning of Section 2.13(a) of the
Plan), the Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire
at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is one year after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(d)          If
you experience a Termination of Affiliation for any reason not specified in  Section 3(b)  or  Section 3(c)  above, the
Option, to the extent it is otherwise vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Affiliation, shall expire at 5:00
p.m., Eastern time, on the date that is ninety (90) days after the date of such Termination of Affiliation. 

(e)          For
purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: you (i) commit, are convicted
of or plead guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime involving dishonesty, theft, violence or moral turpitude; (ii) commit a
material act constituting fraud, theft, dishonesty (including relating to financial matters) or material deceit, whether or not
related to your services to the Company; (iii) improperly and without authorization from the Board disclose to any Person any material
information constituting confidential information or a trade secret of the Company or its Affiliates; (iv) commit an act constituting
a violation of applicable law relating to the workplace environment (including laws relating to sexual harassment or age, race,
sex or other prohibited discrimination); (v) use or possess any unprescribed controlled substance or are intoxicated while performing
your duties to the Company; (vi) substantially fail or are unable (other than by reason of your death or Disability) to perform
such duties, complete such tasks or follow such direction as reasonably prescribed by the Board or officers of the Company to whom
you report, or to carry out effectively any other obligations to the Company or its Affiliates; (vii) fail to observe material
policies of the Company or its Affiliates; (viii) act with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your duties
to the Company or its Affiliates; (ix) are chronically absent from work other than for reasonable medical or other reasons; or
(x) breach any material term of any agreement you have with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if you have an employment or other agreement in effect with the Company specifying a different definition for the term  Cause ,
then the definition in such agreement will also control and govern for purposes of this Agreement. 

4.             Expiration .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the last day of the Term of the
Option provided in the Basic Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, unless earlier forfeited or expired under  Section 3 
above. 

5.             Effect
of Expiration or Forfeiture . If and to the extent that the Option is forfeited or expires under this Agreement, as of the time
of forfeiture or expiration, the Option shall no longer be outstanding or exercisable under any circumstances. Forfeiture or expiration
shall occur automatically, without the need for consideration and without the need for further action by or notice from the Company.
The Company is under no obligation to provide notice of any pending expiration of the Option to you. 

6.             No
Transfers . Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the Plan, this Option is not assignable or transferable other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised, during the Grantee s lifetime, only by the Grantee . 

7.             Corporate
Transaction . Upon a Corporate Transaction, unless assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award granted
by the Surviving Company in substitution for the Option, (a) the Option, to the extent it is not vested and exercisable as of the
consummation of such Corporate Transaction, shall be cancelled without any payment to you as of the consummation of the Corporate
Transaction (unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, accelerates the vesting of the Option), and (b) to the extent that the
Option is vested and exercisable as of the consummation of such Corporate Transaction, the Committee may either (i) allow you to
exercise the Option within a reasonable period prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction and cancel the Option to
the extent that it remains unexercised upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, or (ii) cancel the Option in exchange for
a payment (in cash, or in securities or other property) in an amount equal to the amount that you would have received (net of the
Exercise Price) if such vested Option was exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Option is not assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award issued by the Surviving
Company and the Exercise Price with respect to the Option exceeds the Fair Market Value of the Shares immediately prior to the
consummation of the Corporate Transaction, the entire Option shall be cancelled as of the consummation of the Corporate Transaction
without any payment to you. 

8.             Notices.        All notices pursuant to this Agreement will be in writing and either (a) delivered
by hand, (b) mailed by United States certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent by an internationally
recognized courier that maintains evidence of delivery and receipt. All notices or other communications will be directed to the
parties  respective addresses set forth on the signature page of this Agreement (or to such other addresses as either party
may designate by notice to the other).  

9.             Miscellaneous .
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, other than its laws respecting
choice of law. Any waiver by you or the Company of any condition or the breach of any term or provision in this Agreement, whether
by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall apply only to that instance and will not be deemed to waive conditions
or breaches in the future. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies and each executed copy shall be deemed an original
of this Agreement. Except as permitted by the Plan, no amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed
by you and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding on all successors and permitted assigns of the Company and you, including
your estate and the executor, liquidator, administrator or trustee of such estate, and any receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or
representative of your creditors. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement of the parties hereto and no representation, inducement,
promise, or agreement or otherwise between the parties not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect, and no party will be
liable or bound in any manner for any warranty, representation, or covenant except as specifically set forth herein. 

10.            Employment/Relationship .
Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate your
employment or other relationship at any time (with or without Cause), nor confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of,
or other relationship with, the Company or its Affiliates for any period of time or to continue your present (or other) rate of
compensation. 

11.            Time
is of the Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to your exercise of the Option. 

FORM OF CONSENT AND AGREEMENT OF SPOUSE  

The undersigned spouse
and/or domestic partner of the corresponding Grantee set forth opposite the undersigned spouse or domestic partner s signature,
hereby states and agrees as follows: I understand that the Agreement does not create for me any right in the options to acquire
the Company s common stock owned by my spouse or domestic partner, as applicable, (the   Options  ), but
applies only to any marital or spousal interest I may have apart from the Agreement. I understand that pursuant to the Agreement,
the Options are subject to the Company s right to terminate the Options upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.
I hereby consent to and agree to be legally bound by the provisions of the Agreement, and agree that I will make no transfer of
the Options, or my interest in them (if any), in violation of the provisions of the Agreement. I hereby direct and authorize that
any will, trust agreement or other testamentary document I have executed or may execute, to the extent such will, trust or other
testamentary document pertains to options to acquire shares of the Company s common stock, shall be subject to the provisions
of the Agreement. My failure to otherwise make any such direction and authorization shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of this consent and agreement. I have either been advised by legal counsel of my own choice as to the significant effect which
signing this consent and agreement has on my property rights, or I have freely chosen not to seek such advice. I consent to and
agree to be legally bound by the terms of the Agreement. 

Grantee s Name:   

Spouse s Signature:  

Spouse s Name:  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31>
 4
 v451840_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31  

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule   

  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as  

  Adopted Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, David E. Jorden, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden, 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 v451840_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   

  Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant
to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 and in connection with the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ), I, David E. Jorden, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
that, to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden, 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nuot-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nuot-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nuot-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nuot-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nuot-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nuot-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

