<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1579471_0001564590-16-027990_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14397788</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>724804</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>481647</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3603446</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4691014</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2842536</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027990.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107165452
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027990
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Colony Starwood Homes
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579471
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				806260391
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36163
		FILM NUMBER:		161978771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8665 EAST HARTFORD DRIVE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-362-9760

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8665 EAST HARTFORD DRIVE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131031

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Starwood Residential Properties Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Starwood Residential Properties, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130617

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027990.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 sfr-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

sfr-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission File Number 001- 36163 
   
 Colony Starwood Homes 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland  

80-6260391  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification Number)  

8665 East Hartford Drive 
 Scottsdale, AZ  

85255  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(480) 362-9760 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes          No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes           No        
 As of November 3, 2016, there were 101,492,693 of the registrant s common shares, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
 INDEX 

Part I.  

Financial Information    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets      

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations      

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)      

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity      

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

5  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     

7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

34  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

48  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

49  

Part II.  

Other Information    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

50  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

50  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

50  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

51  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

51  

Item 5.  

Other Information    

51  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

52  

Signatures    

53  

Index to Exhibits    

54  

Except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms  we,   us,  and  our  refer to Colony Starwood Homes (formerly Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust ( SWAY )), a Maryland   real estate investment trust, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Colony Starwood Partnership, L.P. (formerly Starwood Waypoint Residential Partnership, L.P.), a Delaware limited partnership through which we conduct substantially all of   our business, which we refer to as  our operating partnership  the term  CAH  refers to Colony American Homes, Inc., our predecessor for accounting purposes; the term  the Manager  refers to SWAY Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, our f  ormer external manager; and the term  Starwood Capital Group  refers to Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P. (and its predecessors), together with all of its affiliates and subsidiaries, including the Manager prior to its internalization, other than us.  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements that involve significant risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict, and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements can generally be identified by words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   will,   could,   believes,   estimates,   continue,  and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and discuss future expectations, describe future plans and strategies, and contain financial and operating projections or state other forward-looking information. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future events, actions, plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. Factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects, as well as our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, include, but are not limited to: 

the risk factors referenced in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth under Item 1A  . Risk Factors   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2016 and should be read in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q;     

failure to manage the internalization (the  Internalization ) of the Manager or the merger (the  Merger ) with CAH effectively and efficiently under the Contribution Agreement dated as of September 21, 2015, as amended, among us, our operating partnership, the Manager and Starwood Capital Group (the  Contribution Agreement ), or the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 21, 2015, among us, and certain of our subsidiaries and CAH and certain of its subsidiaries and certain investors in CAH (the  Merger Agreement      

the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the Internalization or the Merger may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected or that unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities may arise from the Internalization or the Merger;     

the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against us, CAH or others following the announcement or the completion of the Internalization or the Merger;     

expectations regarding the timing of generating additional revenues;     

continuing to expand our scale of operations and make acquisition even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they were when we commenced operations, which could adversely impact anticipated yields;     

changes in our business and growth strategies;     

our ability to hire and retain highly skilled managerial, investment, financial and operational personnel;     

volatility in the real estate industry, interest rates and spreads, the debt or equity markets, the economy generally or the rental home market specifically, whether the result of market events or otherwise;     

events or circumstances that undermine confidence in the financial markets or otherwise have a broad impact on financial markets, such as the sudden instability or collapse of large financial institutions or other significant corporations, terrorist attacks, natural or man-made disasters, or threatened or actual armed conflicts;     

declines in the value of homes, and macroeconomic shifts in demand for, and competition in the supply of, rental homes;     

 i 

the availability of attractive investment opportunities in homes that satisfy our investment objectives and business and growth strategies;     

our ability to convert the homes we acquire into rental homes generating attractive returns and to effectively control the timing and costs relating to the renovation of properties;     

our ability to successfully modify or otherwise resolve or dispose of our remaining non-performing loans ( NPLs      

our ability to complete the exit from our joint venture with Prime Asset Fund VI, LLC ( Prime ), an asset manager that specializes in NPLs, in the anticipated time period on acceptable terms and to re-deploy net cash proceeds therefrom;     

our ability to lease or re-lease our rental homes to qualified residents on attractive terms or at all;     

the failure of residents to pay rent when due or otherwise perform their lease obligations;     

our ability to effectively manage our portfolio of rental homes;     

the concentration of credit risks to which we are exposed;     

the rates of default or decreased recovery rates on our target assets;     

the availability, terms and deployment of short-term and long-term capital;     

the adequacy of our cash reserves and working capital;     

potential conflicts of interest with Starwood Capital Group, Colony Capital, Inc. and their affiliates and managed investment activities;     

the timing of cash flows, if any, from our investments;     

unanticipated increases in financing and other costs, including a rise in interest rates;     

our expected leverage;     

financial and operating covenants contained in our credit facilities and securitizations that could restrict our business and investment activities;     

effects of derivative and hedging transactions;     

our ability to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;     

actions and initiatives of the U.S., state and municipal government and changes to these governments  policies that impact the economy generally and, more specifically, the housing and rental markets;     

changes in governmental regulations, tax laws (including changes to laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts ( REITs )) and rates, and similar matters;     

limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us and, if applicable, certain of our subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules; and     

estimates relating to our ability to make distributions to our shareholders in the future.     

 When considering forward-looking statements, keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other cautionary statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements, which reflect our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We recommend that readers read this document in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and see the discussion on risk factors in Item 1A.  Risk Factors , that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on February 29, 2016. Our actual results and performance may differ materially from those set forth in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee future results or performance. Furthermore, except as required by law, we are under no duty to, and we do not intend to, update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 ii 
 
  Merger and Internalization  
 On September 21, 2015, we and CAH announced the signing of the Merger Agreement to combine the two companies in a stock-for-stock transaction.  In connection with the transaction, we internalized the Manager. The Merger and the Internalization were completed on January 5, 2016.  
 Under the Merger Agreement, CAH shareholders received an aggregate of 64,869,526 of our common shares in exchange for all shares of CAH. Upon completion of the transaction, our existing shareholders and the former owner of the Manager owned approximately 41% of our common shares, while former CAH shareholders owned approximately 59% of our common shares. The share allocation was determined based on each company s net asset value. The terms of the Internalization were negotiated and approved by a special committee of our board of trustees. Upon the closing of the Internalization and the Merger, we changed our name to Colony Starwood Homes and our common shares are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol  SFR.    
 Subsequent to the Internalization and the Merger, we own all material assets and intellectual property rights of the Manager and are managed by certain of the officers and employees who formerly managed our business through the Manager and certain of the officers and employees of CAH. The net effect is that, following the Internalization and the Merger, we have the benefit of being internally managed by both (1) officers and employees who formerly managed our business and who have industry expertise, management capabilities and a unique knowledge of our assets and business strategies and (2) officers and employees who managed CAH s business and who have industry expertise, management capabilities and a unique knowledge of CAH s assets and business strategies. In addition, we believe that we combine the best aspects of our and CAH s sophisticated proprietary technology platforms and will retain the best employees from each company. 
 Since both SWAY and CAH had significant pre-combination activities, the Merger was accounted for as a business combination by the combined company in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805,   Business Combinations .  Based upon consideration of a number of factors, CAH was designated as the accounting acquirer in the Merger. Since SWAY was the legal acquirer, the transaction resulted in a reverse acquisition of SWAY for accounting purposes.  Consequently, the historical condensed consolidated financial statements included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016, the closing date of the Merger, represent only the pre-Merger condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income and cash flows of CAH. SWAY s assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests were recorded at fair value as of January 5, 2016, and its results of operations are included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations beginning on that date.   The historical financial information included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016 do not reflect the consolidated financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income or cash flows of the combined companies had the Merger been completed during the historical periods presented. In addition to the financial statements included herein, you should read and consider the audited financial statements and notes thereto of SWAY included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 and the CAH audited financial statements and notes thereto and the unaudited pro forma financial information included in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2016, as amended on March 22, 2016, March 25, 2016 and October 11, 2016. 

iii 

PART I - FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 COLONY STARWOOD HOMES 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

2 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

3 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
   
 6 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLID  ATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
 Note 1.  Organization and Operations 
 Except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms  we,   us,  and  our  refer to Colony Starwood Homes (formerly Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust ( SWAY )), a Maryland real estate investment trust, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Colony Starwood Partnership, L.P. (formerly Starwood Waypoint Residential Partnership, L.P., the  Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership through which we conduct substantially all of our business, which we refer to as  our operating partnership  the term  CAH  refers to Colony American Homes, Inc., our predecessor for accounting purposes; the term  the Manager  refers to SWAY Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, our former external manager; and the term  Starwood Capital Group  refers to Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P. (and its predecessors), together with all of its affiliates and subsidiaries, including the Manager prior to its internalization, other than us. 
 The Merger 
 On September 21, 2015, we and CAH announced the signing of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 21, 2015, among us and certain of our subsidiaries and CAH and certain of its subsidiaries and certain investors in CAH (the  Merger Agreement ), to combine the two companies in a stock-for-stock transaction (the  Merger ).  In connection with the transaction, we internalized the Manager (the  Internalization ). The Merger and the Internalization were completed on January 5, 2016.   
 Upon consummation of the Internalization, Starwood Capital Group contributed the outstanding equity interests of the Manager to our operating partnership in exchange for 6,400,000 units in our operating partnership ( OP Units ). The OP Units are redeemable at the election of the holder and we have the option, at our sole discretion, to redeem any such OP Units for cash or exchange such OP Units for common shares, on a one-for-one basis. Subsequent to the Internalization and the Merger, we own all material assets and intellectual property rights of the Manager. 
 Under the Merger Agreement, CAH shareholders received an aggregate of 64,869,526 of our common shares in exchange for all shares of CAH. Upon completion of the transaction, our existing shareholders and the former owner of the Manager owned approximately 41% of our common shares, while former CAH shareholders owned approximately 59% of our common shares. The share allocation was determined based on each company s net asset value. Upon the closing of the Internalization and the Merger, we changed our name to Colony Starwood Homes and our common shares are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the ticker symbol  SFR.    
 Since both SWAY and CAH had significant pre-combination activities, the Merger was accounted for as a business combination by the combined company in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,  Business Combinations.  Based upon consideration of a number of factors, CAH was designated as the accounting acquirer in the Merger. Since SWAY was the legal acquirer, the transaction resulted in a reverse acquisition of SWAY for accounting purposes.  Consequently, the historical condensed consolidated financial statements included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016, the closing date of the Merger, represent only the pre-Merger condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income and cash flows of CAH. SWAY s assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests were recorded at fair value as of January 5, 2016, and its results of operations are included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations beginning on that date.   The historical financial information included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016 do not reflect the consolidated financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income or cash flows of the combined companies had the Merger been completed during the historical periods presented. In addition to the financial statements included herein, you should read and consider the audited financial statements and notes thereto of SWAY included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 and the CAH audited financial statements and notes thereto and the unaudited pro forma financial information included in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on January 5, 2016, as amended on March 22, 2016, March 25, 2016 and October 11, 2016. 
 As of December 31, 2015, CAH held a controlling interest in Colony American Finance ( CAF ), a specialty residential finance company that originates loans to small to midsize aggregators of single-family residential ( SFR ) homes.  In connection with the Merger, CAF was spun out to CAH s investors, and we do not own an interest in CAF following the Merger. The 2015 operations of CAF were classified as discontinued operations (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.) 

7 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Overview  
 We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust and commenced operations in March 2012 primarily to acquire, renovate, lease and manage residential assets in select markets throughout the United States. Our objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders over the long-term through dividends and capital appreciation. Our primary strategy is to acquire SFR homes through a variety of channels, renovate these homes to the extent necessary and lease them to qualified residents. We measure homes by the number of rental units as compared to number of properties, taking into account our limited investments in multi-unit properties. We seek to take advantage of macroeconomic trends in favor of leasing homes by acquiring, owning, renovating and managing homes that we believe will generate substantial current rental revenue, which we expect to grow over time.  
 Our operating partnership was formed as a Delaware limited partnership in May 2012. Our wholly-owned subsidiary is the sole general partner of our operating partnership, and we conduct substantially all of our business through our operating partnership. We owned 94.0% of the outstanding OP Units as of September 30, 2016. 
 We have a joint venture with Prime Asset Fund VI, LLC ( Prime ), an entity managed by Prime Finance, an asset manager that specializes in acquisition, resolution and disposition of non-performing loans ( NPLs ). We own a greater than 98.75% interest in the joint venture. Prime earns a one-time fee from us, equal to a percentage of the value (as determined pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the  Amended JV Partnership Agreement ) of PrimeStar Fund I, L.P.) of the NPLs and homes we originally designated as rental pool assets upon disposition or resolution of such assets. Prime also earns a fee in connection with the asset management services that Prime provides to the joint venture and additional incentive fees related to the sale of assets in connection our exit from the NPL business. We have determined to exit the NPL business and are currently marketing all remaining assets of the joint venture for disposition (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.) 
 We intend to operate and to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our REIT taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our REIT taxable income to shareholders and qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

Note 2.  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet was derived from CAH s audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments of a normal recurring nature considered necessary to state fairly our financial position as of September 30, 2016, and the results of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The interim results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016, or for any other future annual or interim period.  
 The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Items 7, 7A and 8, respectively, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016, and CAH s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Exhibit 99.1 to our current report on Form 8-K/A, as filed with the SEC on October 11, 2016. 
 We consolidate entities in which we retain a controlling financial interest or entities that meet the definition of a variable interest entity ( VIE ) for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. In performing our analysis of whether we are the primary beneficiary, at initial investment and at each quarterly reporting period, we consider whether we individually have the power to direct  
 8 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity s economic performance and also have the obligation to ab  sorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The determination of whether an entity is a VIE, and whether we are the primary beneficiary, involves significant judgments, including the determinati  on of which activities most significantly affect the entities  performance, estimates about the current and future fair values and performance of assets held by the VIE and/or general market conditions.   
 As described in Note 7. Debt, we entered into multiple mortgage loan arrangements with JPMorgan. As part of these arrangements, JPMorgan transferred the loans into trusts that issued and sold pass-through certificates approximating the principal amount of the mortgage loans, and we purchased certain Class F and all related Class G certificates. We have determined that the trusts are VIEs. We have evaluated the purchased Class F and Class G certificates as a variable interest in the trusts and concluded that the Class F and Class G certificates will not absorb a majority of the trusts  expected losses or receive a majority of the trusts expected residual returns. Additionally, we have concluded that the Class F and Class G certificates do not provide us with the ability to direct activities that could impact the trusts  economic performance. Accordingly, we do not consolidate the trusts and have recorded a mortgage loan liability at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, which is included in mortgage loans, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Separately, the purchased Class F and Class G certificates have been included and reflected as asset-backed securitization certificates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. At the date of the Merger, SWAY was party to a similar mortgage loan arrangement with JPMorgan, which included a retained Class G certificate. Based on our evaluation of the Class G certificate as a variable interest in the trust and our determination that we are not the primary beneficiary of the trust, we do not consolidate the trust and have recorded a mortgage loan liability at September 30, 2016, which is included in mortgage loans, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Separately, the purchased Class G certificate has been reflected as an asset-backed securitization certificate in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016.   
 As described in Note 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, we have a joint venture with the Federal National Marketing Association ( Fannie Mae ), which is a voting interest entity. Since we do not hold a controlling financial interest in the joint venture but have significant influence over its operating and financial policies, we account for our investment using the equity method. Under the equity method, we initially record our investments at cost and adjust for our proportionate share of net earnings or losses and other comprehensive income or loss, cash contributions made and distributions received, and other adjustments, as appropriate. Distributions of operating profit from the joint ventures are reported as part of operating cash flows while distributions related to a capital transaction, such as a refinancing transaction or sale, are reported as investing activities. We perform a periodic evaluation of our investments to determine whether the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value, and, if so, whether such decrease in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary. There were no   impairment losses recognized by us related to our Fannie Mae investment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Non-controlling interests represent (1) the portion of the equity (net assets) in Prime that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to us and (2) the interests in our operating partnership held by Starwood Capital Group as a result of the 6,400,000 OP Units issued in the Internalization. Non-controlling interests are presented as a separate component of equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations include the allocation of the net income or loss attributable to the non-controlling interest holders. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 The most significant estimates that we make are of the fair value of our properties in regards to impairment. While home values are typically not a highly subjective estimate on a per-unit basis, given the usual availability of comparable property sale and other market data, these fair value estimates significantly affect the condensed consolidated financial statements, including (1) whether certain assets are identified as being potentially impaired and then, if deemed to be impaired, the amount of the resulting impairment charges and (2) the allocation of purchase price to individual assets acquired as part of a pool, which have a significant impact on the amount of gain or loss recognized from a subsequent sale, and the subsequent impairment assessment, of individual assets. As described further below in the description of our significant accounting policies, we determined the fair value of NPLs, at the time of the Merger, by using a discounted cash flow valuation model, which are significantly informed by the fair value of the underlying collateral property, and also applied the estimated effect of a bulk sale of the portfolio. These estimates of fair value are determined using methodologies similar to those described below. 
 9 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Significant Accounting Policies  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks and short-term investments. Short-term investments are comprised of highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in multiple financial institutions with high credit quality in an effort to minimize our credit loss exposure. At times, these balances exceed federally insurable limits. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash is primarily comprised of resident security deposits held by us and rental revenues held in accounts controlled by lenders on our debt facilities, as well as cash collateral held by the counterparty to certain of our interest rate swap contracts. 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 We evaluate each purchase transaction to determine whether the acquired assets meet the definition of a business within the scope of ASC 805,   Business Combinations .  We record property acquired with an existing lease as a business combination. For property acquisitions accounted for as business combinations, the land building and improvements and the existing lease are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, with acquisition costs expensed as incurred. We account for property acquired not subject to an existing lease as an asset acquisition, with the property recorded at the purchase price, including acquisition costs, allocated between land and building and improvements based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. Transaction costs related to acquisitions that are not deemed to be businesses are included in the cost basis of the acquired assets. 
 We determine fair value in accordance with ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,  primarily based on unobservable data inputs. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, we utilize various valuation studies, our own market knowledge, and published market data to estimate fair value of the assets acquired. We determine the fair value of acquired in-place leases based on the estimated cost to replace such leases, including foregone rents during an assumed re-lease period, as well as the impact on projected cash flow of acquired leases with rents above or below current market rates. 
 The nature of our business requires that in certain circumstances properties are acquired subject to existing liens. Liens that are expected to be extinguished in cash are estimated and accrued on the date of acquisition and recorded as a cost of the property. 
 Expenditures that improve or extend the life of an acquired property, including construction overhead, personnel and other allocated direct costs, along with related holding costs during the renovation period are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful life. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred. 
 We capitalize certain costs incurred in connection with successful property acquisitions and associated stabilization activities, including tangible property improvements and replacements of existing property components. Included in these capitalized costs are certain personnel costs associated with time spent by certain personnel in connection with the planning and execution of all capital additions activities at the property level as well as third-party acquisition agreement fees.  Capitalized indirect costs are allocations of certain department costs, including personnel costs, that directly relate to capital additions activities. We also capitalize property taxes, insurance, interest and homeowners  association ( HOA ) fees dues during periods in which property stabilization is in progress. We expense costs that do not relate to capital additions activities, including ordinary repairs, maintenance, resident turnover costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. We evaluate cash flows and determine impairments on a per-unit basis, which is generally a single home but may include a single property with multiple housing units. In making this determination, we review, among other things, current and estimated future rental revenues associated with each home or property, market information for each sub-market (including competition levels, foreclosure levels, leasing trends, lease rates, and the market prices of similar homes currently being offered for sale), and known or probable events indicating that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If an impairment indicator exists, we compare the expected future undiscounted cash flows against the carrying amount of an asset. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, we record an impairment loss for the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount of the asset. Since impairment of homes classified as held for use in our operations is evaluated on the basis of undiscounted cash flows, the carrying values of certain homes may exceed their fair value but no impairment loss is recognized as long as the carrying values are recoverable from future cash flows. However, if homes classified as held for use  
 10 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  were   subsequently classified as held for sale, they would be required to be measured at fair value less costs to sell, and the resulting impairment losses could be material.  
 To determine the estimated fair value, we primarily consider local broker-pricing opinions ( BPOs ). In order to validate the BPOs received and used in our assessment of fair value of real estate, we perform an internal review to determine if an acceptable valuation approach was used to estimate fair value in compliance with guidance provided by the FASB ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements.     Additionally, we undertake an internal review to assess the relevance and appropriateness of comparable transactions that have been used by the broker in its BPO and any adjustments to comparable transactions made by the broker in reaching its value opinion. As a further review, or in instances where a current BPO is not available, we order an independent valuation of the property from a third-party automated valuation model ( AVM ) service provider. In instances where we have both an AVM value and current BPO value for a property, we compare the AVM value to the BPO value and, if they differ beyond a tolerated threshold, which we define as ten percent, an internal evaluation is used as our estimated value. Such values represent the estimated amounts at which the homes could be sold in their current condition, assuming the sale is completed within a period of time typically associated with non-distressed sellers. Estimated values may be less precise, particularly in respect of any necessary repairs, where the interior of homes are not accessible for inspection by the broker performing the valuation.  
 BPOs are subject to judgments of a particular broker formed by visiting a property, assessing general home values in an area, reviewing comparable listings, and reviewing comparable completed sales. These judgments may vary among brokers and may fluctuate over time based on housing market activities and the influx of additional comparable listings and sales. Our results could be materially and adversely affected if the judgments used by a broker prove to be incorrect or inaccurate. 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets on a regular basis to ensure that individual properties still meet our investment criteria. If we determine that an individual property no longer meets our investment criteria, we make a decision to dispose of the property. We then market the property for sale and classify it as real estate held for sale in the condensed consolidated financial statements. The properties that are classified as real estate held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying value or their fair value less estimated costs to sell and are no longer depreciated. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges of $0.4 million and $0.6 million, respectively, related to assets classified as held for sale.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges of $0.5 million and $1.1 million, respectively. 
 Goodwill 
 We assign a portion of goodwill to our applicable property sales, which results in a reduction of the carrying amount of our goodwill. In order to allocate goodwill to the carrying amount of leased properties that we sell, we utilize a relative fair value approach based on the original methodology for assigning goodwill.  As we sell properties, our goodwill will likely continue to gradually decrease over time. 
 Non-Performing Loans 
 As a result of the Merger, we acquired a portfolio of NPLs held and administered through our joint venture with Prime.  We have decided to exit the NPL business and we are currently marketing all remaining assets of the joint venture for disposition. The disposal of the assets and liabilities of our NPL business represents a strategic shift in operations and is expected to have a major effect on our operations and financial results and therefore the results of operations are presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  See Note 14. Discontinued Operations for further disclosure. 
 We determined the fair value for NPLs, at the time of the Merger, by using a discounted cash flow valuation model and also applied the estimated effect of a bulk sale of the portfolio. 
 When we convert loans into homes (real estate owned or  REO ) through foreclosure or other resolution processes and have obtained title to the property, the property is initially recorded at fair value. The fair value of these assets at the time of loan conversion is estimated using BPOs. Gains are recognized in earnings immediately when the fair value of the acquired property exceeds our recorded investment in the loan. Conversely, any excess of the recorded investment in the loan over the fair value of the property would be immediately recognized as a loss. In situations where property foreclosure is subject to an auction process and a third party submits the winning bid, we recognize the resulting gain or loss. All REOs are classified as assets held for sale and not depreciated. Upon the sale of REOs that were converted from NPLs, we recognize the resulting gain or loss.  
 11 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Leasing Costs   
 We defer direct and incremental costs incurred to lease our properties and amortize them over the term of the lease, usually one year. Amortization of leasing costs is included in depreciation and amortization expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
 Purchase Deposits 
 We make various deposits relating to property acquisitions, including transactions where we have agreed to purchase a home subject to certain conditions being met before closing, such as satisfactory home inspections and title search results. Our purchase deposit balances are recorded in other assets, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 We are exposed to certain risks arising from both our business operations and economic conditions.  We principally manage our exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through the management of our core business activities. We manage economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments.  Specifically, we enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposure that may arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates.  Our derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of our known or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash payments, principally related to our borrowings. 
 As required by ASC Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging ,  we record all derivatives in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge.  We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of our risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are derivatives that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting under GAAP or for which we have not elected to designate as hedges. We do not use these derivatives for speculative purposes, but instead they are used to manage our exposure to interest rate changes. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in other expense, net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Convertible Notes 
 ASC Topic 470-20,   Debt with Conversion and Other Options ,  requires the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion, including partial cash settlement, to be separately accounted for in a manner that reflects the issuer s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. The initial proceeds from the sale of convertible notes are allocated between a liability component and an equity component in a manner that reflects interest expense at the rate of similar nonconvertible debt that could have been issued at such time. The equity component represents the excess initial proceeds received over the fair value of the liability component of the notes as of the date of issuance. We measure the fair value of the debt component of our convertible notes as of the issuance date based on our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. In connection with the Merger, we adjusted our convertible senior notes to estimated fair value based on our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate as of the Merger date. The resulting discount from the outstanding principal balance is being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the periods to maturity as noncash interest expense as the notes accrete to their par value. 
 12 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Transfers of Financial Assets  
 We may periodically sell our financial assets. In connection with these transactions, we may retain or acquire senior or subordinated interests in the related assets. Gains and losses on such transactions are recognized using the guidance in ASC Topic 860,   Transfers and Servicing ,  which is based on a financial components approach that focuses on control. Under this approach, if a transfer of financial assets meets the criteria for treatment as a sale   legal isolation, ability of transferee to pledge or exchange the transferred assets without constraint, and transferred control   an entity recognizes the financial assets it retains and any liabilities it has incurred, derecognizes the financial assets it has sold, and derecognizes liabilities when extinguished. Transfers that do not qualify for sales treatment are accounted for as secured financing arrangements. We determine the gain or loss on sale of the assets by allocating the carrying value of the sold asset between the sold asset and the interests retained based on their relative fair values, as applicable. The gain or loss on sale is the difference between the cash proceeds from the sale and the amount allocated to the sold asset.  
 Revenue Recognition 
 Rental revenue, net of concessions, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The initial term of our residential leases is generally one year, with renewals upon consent of both parties on an annual or monthly basis. 
 We periodically evaluate the collectability of our resident and other receivables and record an allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated probable losses. This allowance is estimated based on payment history and probability of collection. We generally do not require collateral other than resident security deposits. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was $2.6 million and $1.8 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Bad debt expense amounts are recorded as property operating and maintenance expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred bad debt expense of $2.4 million and $1.8 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred bad debt expense of $6.4 million and $3.7 million, respectively. 
 We recognize sales of real estate when a sale has closed, title has passed, adequate initial and continuing investment by the buyer is received, possession and other attributes of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, and we are not obligated to perform significant additional activities after closing. All these conditions are typically met at or shortly after closing. 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 We use the two-class method to calculate basic and diluted earnings per common share ( EPS ) as our restricted share units ( RSUs ) are participating securities as defined by GAAP. We calculate basic EPS by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders for the period by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur from shares issuable in connection with unvested RSUs, convertible senior notes, and redeemable OP Units, except when doing so would be anti-dilutive. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The fair value of our RSUs granted is recorded as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for the award, with an offsetting increase in shareholders' equity. For grants to employees and trustees, the fair value is determined based upon the share price on the grant date. For non-employee grants, the fair value is based on the share price when the shares vest, which requires the amount to be adjusted in each subsequent reporting period based on the fair value of the award at the end of the reporting period until the award has vested. 
 Income Taxes 
 We have elected to operate as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), and intend to comply with the Code with respect thereto. Accordingly, we will not be subject to federal income tax as long as certain asset, income, dividend distribution, and share ownership tests are met. Many of these requirements are technical and complex, and if we fail to meet these requirements, we may be subject to federal, state, and local income tax and penalties. A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. We have taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) where certain investments may be made and activities conducted that (1) may have otherwise been subject to the prohibited transactions tax and (2) may not be favorably treated for purposes of complying with the various requirements for REIT qualification. The income, if any, within the TRSs is subject to federal and state income taxes as a domestic C corporation based upon the TRSs' net income. See Note 13. Income Taxes .   We recorded tax expense of approximately $0.2 million and $0.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and  
 13 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  recorded a tax expense   of approximately   $0.8     million and   $1.1   million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
 Fair Value Measurement  
 We estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities using the three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value, as defined in ASC 820, are as follows:  
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2 Prices are determined using other significant observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that other market participants would use in pricing a security. These may include quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risk and others.  
 Level 3 Prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs. In situations where quoted prices or observable inputs are unavailable (for example, when there is little or no market activity for an investment at the end of the period), unobservable inputs may be used.  
 We record certain financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis when required by GAAP. Certain other real estate assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. We have not elected the fair value option for any other financial instruments, which are carried at cost with fair value disclosed where reasonably estimable (see Note 11. Fair Value Measurements).  
 Segment Information 
 As of September 30, 2016, we are comprised of two operating segments and reporting units, which are represented by (1) our portfolio of SFR homes and (2) our portfolio of NPLs owned in the joint venture by Prime.  However, for financial reporting purposes, we are comprised of one reporting segment, because the Prime joint venture s revenues, net loss and total assets are each less than 10% of our consolidated total.  
 As of December 31, 2015 and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we determined that we had two  reportable segments: (1) our portfolio of SFR homes; and (2) single-family real estate loans, which included originated and acquired debt issued to single-family residential property investors through our CAF subsidiary.  As a result of the Merger, our CAF subsidiary was spun out to CAH s investors effective as of the Merger date.  
 In April 2016, we made a strategic shift to exit our remaining single-family real estate loan business, and therefore we have reclassified CAF s historical revenues and expenses as discontinued operations, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations).  
 Reclassification of Prior Period Amounts 
 Certain line items in prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period groupings. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we reclassified $1.3 million and $3.8 million, respectively, of HOA dues and related expenses from property operating expenses to real estate taxes, insurance and HOA costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Additionally, in connection with the Merger, our former CAF subsidiary was spun out to CAH s investors. As a result of our strategic shift to exit the single-family residential loan business in April 2016, the operations of CAF are classified in discontinued operations (Note 14. Discontinued Operations). 
 14 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Geographic Concentrations  
 We hold significant concentrations of homes in the following markets in excess of 10% of our total portfolio, based upon aggregate purchase price, and as such are more vulnerable to any adverse macroeconomic developments in such areas: 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) ,  which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.  This new standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted.  We do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   which changes how companies will measure credit losses for certain financial assets. This guidance requires an entity to estimate its expected credit loss and record an allowance based on this estimate so that it is presented at the net amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. This new standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within that reporting period with early adoption permitted beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within that reporting period.  We do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   which is intended to simplify the accounting for and presentation of certain aspects related to share-based payments to employees. The guidance changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted, but all of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   This new guidance clarifies that the novation of a derivative contract (i.e., a change in the counterparty) in a hedge accounting relationship does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that hedge accounting relationship, provided that all other hedge criteria continue to be met. This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 ,  Leases (Topic 842).   The new standard requires lessees to clarify leases as either finance or operating leases based on certain criteria and record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. The standard also eliminates current real estate-specific provisions and changes of initial direct costs and lease executory costs for all entities. The guidance supersedes previously issued guidance under ASC Topic 840  Leases . This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating this new standard. 
 In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis .  The new standard amends the consolidation guidance in ASC 810 and significantly changes the consolidation analysis required under current GAAP. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,  
 15 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  2015. We adopted ASU 2015-2 effe  ctive January 1, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   This guidance establishes a principles-based approach for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. Lease contracts generally are excluded from the scope of this guidance. During 2015 various amendments were made and this standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted but only as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3. Single-Family Real Estate Investments 
 The following table summarizes transactions within our home portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands)  (1)  :  

Note 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 On October 31, 2012, we acquired a 10% interest in a joint venture with Fannie Mae to operate, lease, and manage a portfolio of 1,176 SFRs primarily located in Arizona, California, and Nevada. We paid approximately $34.0 million to acquire our interest, and funded approximately $1.0 million in reserves to the joint venture.  
 A subsidiary of ours is the managing member and responsible for the operation and management of the properties, subject to Fannie Mae s approval on major decisions. We evaluated the entity and determined that Fannie Mae held certain substantive participating rights that preclude the presumption of control by us. Accordingly, we account for the ownership interest using the equity method. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the joint venture owned 877 and 939 SFRs, respectively.  

Note 5. Loans Receivable 
 As of December 31, 2015, we had a portfolio of loans held for investment through our former CAF subsidiary, which included 131 single-family residential term loans (typically five or 10-year terms) with a carrying value of $482.7 million and 460 bridge loans (typically six to 24 month terms) with a carrying value of $163.8 million. In connection with the Merger, our former CAF subsidiary was spun out to CAH s investors, and therefore we do not own an interest in CAF as of September 30, 2016. 

16 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 6. Other Assets  
 The following table summarizes our other assets, net (in thousands):  

Note 7. Debt 
 Senior SFR Facilities 
 JPMorgan 
 We are party to a secured revolving credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ( JPMorgan ) and a syndicate of lenders (the  JPMorgan Facility ). Borrowings under the JPMorgan Facility accrue interest at the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 3.00%. In June 2016, in connection with the mortgage loan transaction discussed below, we elected to voluntarily reduce borrowing availability under the JPMorgan Facility from $800.0 million to $300.0 million, and we paid down the outstanding principal balance to zero. We retain the ability under the credit facility to increase the borrowing capacity up to $800.0 million upon consent of the lenders and the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 We also amended the JPMorgan Facility in June 2016 to provide that the monthly fee we pay on the unused commitment shall be no greater than 0.50% of those amounts for so long as the maximum commitments are $550.0 million or less. If such maximum commitments are greater than $550.0 million, we pay a monthly fee equal to 0.50% of the unused commitments if the unused commitments are less than 50% of the maximum commitments, and, if the unused commitments are greater than 50% of the total commitments of over $550.0 million, the monthly unused fee is 1.00%. The JPMorgan Facility may be used for the acquisition, financing, and renovation of properties and other general purposes and it matures in July 2017. We are able to draw up to 65% of the aggregate value of the eligible homes in the borrowing subsidiaries  portfolios based on the lesser of (a) the value of the homes or (b) the original purchase price plus certain renovation and other capitalized costs of the homes. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no balance and approximately $477.3 million, respectively, was outstanding under the JPMorgan Facility and $300.0 million and $322.7 million, respectively, was available for future borrowings subject to certain covenants and other borrowing limitations. The weighted-average interest rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 was 3.6% and 3.4%, respectively.  
 CitiBank 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed SWAY s secured revolving credit facility with CitiBank, N.A. and a syndicate of lenders (the  CitiBank Facility ).  Borrowings under the CitiBank Facility accrue interest at LIBOR plus 2.95%. In addition, we pay a monthly fee that varies from zero to 0.25% of the unused commitment, depending upon the principal amounts outstanding. The CitiBank Facility may be used for the acquisition, financing, and renovation of properties and other general purposes and it matures in February 2017, subject to a one-year extension option. Availability under the CitiBank Facility is limited by a formula equal to the lower of 60% of the acquisition cost of a home or 60% of its value (increasing to the lower of 65% of acquisition cost and initial capital expenditures or 70% of its value once a property is stabilized) as such value is established by an independent BPO. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $593.6 million was outstanding under the CitiBank Facility and $181.4 million was available for future borrowings subject to certain covenants and other borrowing limitations. The CitiBank Facility includes an accordion feature that may allow us to increase availability thereunder by $250.0 million, subject to meeting specified requirements and obtaining additional commitments.   The weighted-average interest rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.4%. In September 2016, we elected to voluntarily reduce borrowing availability from $925.0 million to $775.0 million on the CitiBank Facility. 
 17 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  All amounts outstanding under each of the JPMorgan Facility and the CitiBank Facility (together, the  Senio  r SFR Facilities ) are collateralized by the equity interests in certain of our property owning subsidiaries, or pledged subsidiaries. The pledged subsidiaries are separate legal entities, but continue to be reported in our consolidated financial statement  s. As long as the Senior SFR Facilities are outstanding, the assets of each pledged subsidiary are not available to satisfy debts and obligations of the pledged subsidiaries other than those of the Senior SFR Facility to which it is pledged and may not be   available to satisfy its own debts and obligations or those of any affiliate unless expressly permitted under the applicable loan agreements and the pledged subsidiary s governing documents.   
 The Senior SFR Facilities contain certain covenants that may limit the amount of cash available for distribution and may, under certain circumstances, limit the amounts we may pay as dividends to those necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. There are various affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require the pledged subsidiaries to maintain minimum tangible net worth and liquidity levels, as defined in the respective credit agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the entities subject to these covenants were in compliance.  
 The Senior SFR Facilities also provide for the restriction of cash whereby we must set aside funds for payment of insurance, property taxes and certain property operating and maintenance expenses associated with properties in the pledged subsidiaries  portfolios. The agreement also contains customary events of default, including payment defaults, covenant defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency, judgments, change of control and cross-default with certain other indebtedness.  
 Master Repurchase Agreements 
 Deutsche Bank 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed SWAY s liability (in its capacity as guarantor) in a repurchase agreement between a subsidiary of Prime and Deutsche Bank AG.  The repurchase agreement is used to finance the acquired pools of NPLs secured by residential real property held by Prime.  The repurchase agreement provided for maximum borrowings of up to $41.9 million as of September 30, 2016; however, thereafter the maximum borrowings will be reduced to an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding borrowings on any given date. The repurchase agreement matures on March 1, 2017, and includes a six-month extension option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the repurchase agreement. The repurchase agreement is secured by equity interests in certain of our Prime joint venture entities.   
 Advances under the repurchase agreement accrue interest at a rate based on 30-day LIBOR (or the rate payable by a commercial paper conduit administered or managed by Deutsche Bank AG, to the extent Deutsche Bank AG utilizes such a commercial paper conduit to finance its advances under the repurchase agreement) plus 2.375%. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance on this facility was approximately $41.9 million and is included in liabilities related to assets held for sale (Note 14) on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We are obligated by the terms of the repurchase agreement, to apply certain proceeds from the sale of the assets within the Prime portfolio to the outstanding balance on this facility. 
 The repurchase agreement and ancillary transaction documents, including the guaranty, contain various affirmative and negative covenants concerning our liquidity and tangible net worth and maximum leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 Credit Suisse 
 As of December 31, 2015, we were a party to a repurchase agreement with Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC and two other banks (the  Lenders ) to finance originated and acquired term loans for our single-family real estate loans operations under CAF (the  CAF MRA Facility ). This facility was a revolving line with interest at LIBOR plus a spread ranging from 2.85% to 3.75%, depending upon the Lender.  In connection with the Merger, our former CAF subsidiary was spun out to CAH s investors, and therefore we do not own an interest in CAF, or the CAF MRA Facility, as of September 30, 2016. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed the Convertible Senior Notes as defined below. 
 In July 2014, SWAY issued $230.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the  2019 Convertible Notes ).  Interest on the 2019 Convertible Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The 2019 Convertible Notes will mature on July 1, 2019. 
 18 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  In   October 2014  , SWAY issued $172.5 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2017 (the  2017 Convertible Notes  and together with the 2019 Convertible Notes, the  Convertible Senior Notes ).  Interest on the 2017 Convert  ible Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The 2017 Convertible Notes will mature on October 15, 2017.  
 The following tables summarize the terms of the Convertible Senior Notes outstanding as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands, except rates):   

(1)   
 
 Effective rate includes the effect of the adjustment for the conversion option, the value of which reduced the initial liability recorded as a result of the Merger (Note 16).    

(2)   
 
 We have the option to settle any conversions in cash, common shares, or a combination thereof. The conversion rate represents the number of common shares issuable per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes converted at September 30, 2016, as adjusted in accordance with the applicable indentures as a result of cash dividend payments. Neither of the Convertible Senior Notes met the criteria for conversion as of September 30, 2016.    

 Terms of Conversion 
 As of September 30, 2016, the conversion rate applicable to the 2019 Convertible Notes was 31.6046 common shares per $1,000 principal amount of the 2019 Convertible Notes, which was equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $31.64 per common share. The conversion rate for the 2019 Convertible Notes is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain events that occur prior to the maturity date, we will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2019 Convertible Notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. At any time prior to January 1, 2019, holders may convert the 2019 Convertible Notes at their option only under specific circumstances as defined in the indenture agreement (the  Indenture Agreement ) dated as of July 7, 2014, between us and our trustee, Wilmington Trust, National Association (the  Convertible Notes Trustee ).  On or after January 1, 2019 and until maturity, holders may convert all or any portion of the 2019 Convertible Notes at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, common shares, or a combination of cash and common shares, at our election.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the conversion rate applicable to the 2017 Convertible Notes was 33.6374 common shares per $1,000 principal amount of the 2017 Convertible Notes (equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $29.73 per common share). The conversion rate for the 2017 Convertible Notes is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain events that occur prior to the maturity date, we will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2017 Convertible Notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances.  At any time prior to April 15, 2017, holders may convert the 2017 Convertible Notes at their option only under specific circumstances as defined in the Indenture (together with the Indenture Agreement, the  Indentures ) dated as of October 14, 2014, between us and the Convertible Notes Trustee.  On or after April 15, 2017 and until maturity, holders may convert all or any portion of the 2017 Convertible Notes at any time. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, common shares, or a combination of cash and common shares, at our election. 
 We may not redeem the Convertible Senior Notes prior to their maturity dates except to the extent necessary to preserve our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as further described in the Indentures.  If we undergo a fundamental change as defined in the Indentures, holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Convertible Senior Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 19 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  The Indentures contain customary terms and covenants and events of default. If an event of default occu  rs and is continuing, the Convertible Notes Trustee by notice to us, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Convertible Senior Notes, by notice to us and the Convertible Notes Trustee, may, and the Convertible Notes   Trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all the Convertible Senior Notes to be due and payable. However, in the case of an event of default arising out of certain events of bankrupt  cy, insolvency or reorganization in respect to us (as set forth in the Indentures), 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Convertible Senior Notes will automatically become due and payable.  
 Mortgage Loans 
 During 2016, 2015 and 2014, we, CAH and SWAY completed mortgage loans transactions, each of which involved the issuance and sale in a private offering of single-family rental pass-through certificates ( Certificates ) issued by a trust (a  Trust ) established by the respective companies. The Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in a loan secured by a portfolio of single-family homes operated as rental properties ( Properties ) contributed to a newly-formed special purpose entity ( SPE ) indirectly owned by us. 
 The assets of each Trust consist primarily of a single componentized promissory note issued by an SPE ( Borrower ), evidencing a mortgage ( Loan ). Each Loan has a two-year term with three 12-month extension options and is guaranteed by the Borrower s sole member (the  Equity Owner ), also an SPE owned by us. Each Loan is secured by a pledge of all of the assets of the Borrower, including first-priority mortgages on its Properties, and the Equity Owner s obligations under its guaranty is secured by a pledge of all of the assets of the Equity Owner, including a security interest in the sole membership interest in the Borrower. 
 Each Loan agreement is between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (the  Loan Seller ) and the Borrower.  The Loan Seller sold each Loan to a separate wholly owned subsidiary of ours (each a  Depositor ), which then transferred the Loan to the trustee of a Trust in exchange for the issuance of the Certificates.   
 In addition to the Certificates sold to investors in each offering (the  Offered Certificates ), three of the Trusts issued principal-only certificates, identified as Class G certificates, which were retained by us. Additionally, in connection with the mortgage loan transaction completed in June 2016 ( CSH 2016-1 ), we purchased an interest-bearing Class F certificate. 
 For purposes of computing, among other things, interest accrued on the Loan, each Loan is divided into five to seven components, each of which corresponds to one class of Certificates which had, at inception, an initial component balance equal to the corresponding class of Offered Certificates. The following table sets forth the terms of each of the Loans: 

(1)   
 
 Assuming exercise of extension options.    

Each Loan is secured by first-priority mortgages on the Properties, which are owned by the Borrower. Each Loan is also secured by a first-priority pledge of the equity interests of the Borrower. The Loan agreements require that the Borrower comply with various affirmative and negative covenants that are customary for loans of this type, including limitations on indebtedness Borrower can incur, limitations on sales and dispositions of the Properties, required maintenance of specified cash reserves, and various restrictions on the use of cash generated by the operations of the Properties while the Loan is outstanding. The Loan agreement also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which would allow the Lender to accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding thereunder and to  
 20 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  require that all of the rental income associated with the real estate properties of the Borrower, after payment of specified operating expenses, asset management fees, and interest, be required to prepay the Loan.  The Borrower   is also required to furnish various financial and other reports to the Lender.  
 We evaluated the accounting for the mortgage loan transactions under ASC 860,   Transfers and Servicing.   Specifically, we considered ASC 860-10-40-4 in determining whether each Depositor had surrendered control over the Loan as part of transferring it to the mortgage loan trustee. In this evaluation, we first considered and concluded that the transferee (i.e., trustee), which is a fully separate and independent entity, over which we have no control, would not be consolidated by the transferor (i.e., the Depositor). Next, as the Depositor has fully sold, transferred, and assigned all right, title, and interest in the Loan under terms of the Trust and Servicing Agreement, we have concluded that it has no continuing involvement in the Loan.  Lastly, we have considered all other relevant arrangements and agreements related to the transfer of the Loan, noting no facts or circumstances inconsistent with the above analysis. 
 We have also evaluated the transfer of the Loan from the Depositor to the mortgage loan trustee under ASC 860-10-40-5, noting that the Loan has been isolated from the Depositor, even in bankruptcy or receivership, which has been supported by a true sale opinion obtained as part of the mortgage loan transaction. Additionally, the third-party holders of the Certificates are freely able to pledge or exchange their Certificates, and we maintain no other form of effective control over the Loan through repurchase agreements, cleanup calls, or otherwise.  Accordingly, we have concluded that the transfer of each Loan from the Depositor to the Trust meets the conditions for a sale of financial assets under ASC 860-10-40-4 through ASC 860-10-40-5 and have therefore derecognized the Loan in accordance with ASC 860-20.  As such, our condensed consolidated financial statements, through the Borrowers, our consolidated subsidiaries, reflect the Properties at historical cost basis and a loan payable is recorded in an amount equal to the principal balance outstanding on each Loan. 
 We have also evaluated the purchased Class F and Class G certificates (the  Retained Certificates ) as a variable interest in the respective Trust and concluded that the Retained Certificates will not absorb a majority of the Trust's expected losses or receive a majority of the Trust's expected residual returns. Additionally, we have concluded that the Retained Certificates do not provide us with any ability to direct activities that could impact the Trust's economic performance. Accordingly, we do not consolidate the Trusts but do consolidate, at historical cost basis, the homes placed as collateral for each Loan and have included the corresponding mortgage loan components in the net mortgage loan liability at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Separately, the $110.5 million and $33.7 million of purchased Retained Certificates have been reflected as asset-backed securitization certificates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 In order to mitigate our exposure to potential future increases in LIBOR rates, we have purchased interest rate caps and entered into interest rate swap contracts.  See Note 12. Derivatives and Hedging for the details of our derivative financial instruments.  
 Secured Notes 
 In October 2015, CAF completed a mortgage loan transaction backed by 69 single-family residential term loans made to multiple borrowers. CAF issued, through a subsidiary, $223.9 million of five- and ten-year term non-recourse mortgage-backed notes with a blended rate of 3.51% (the  Secured Notes ). The loan arranger for the Secured Notes subsequently transferred them into a trust that issued and sold pass-through certificates approximating the principal amount of the Secured Notes.  As of December 31, 2015, the balance of the Secured Notes was $215.6 million.  Concurrent with the Merger, CAF was spun out to CAH investors and therefore we do not own an interest in CAF, or the Secured Notes, as of September 30, 2016.  
 Total Borrowings 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had total outstanding borrowings of $3.8 billion, of which borrowings under our Senior SFR Facilities and master repurchase agreements were $635.4 million, the total amount related to mortgage loans were $2.8 billion and the total amount related to the Convertible Senior Notes was $402.5 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $42.0 million in net deferred financing costs which we amortize using the effective interest rate method. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all of our debt facility requirements. 
 21 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  The following table outlines our total gross interest, including unused commitment and other   fees and amortization of deferred financing costs, and capitalized interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of our debt as of September 30, 2016; maturity dates assume exercise of optional extension terms of mortgage loans (in thousands): 

(1)   
 
 Included in liabilities related to assets held for sale (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.)    

22 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 8. Net Loss per Share  
 As of the date of the Merger, our shares trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol  SFR.  In our calculation of EPS, the numerator for both basic and diluted EPS is net earnings (loss) attributable to us. We use the two-class method in calculating basic and diluted EPS. 

The dilutive effect of outstanding RSUs is calculated using the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of share-based compensation required by GAAP.  
   
 As we reported a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the corresponding periods of 2015, both basic and diluted net loss per share are the same. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 0.5 million of our common shares subject to RSUs were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as the RSUs do not participate in losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were no RSUs to exclude from the computation of diluted net loss per share. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the potential common shares contingently issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes were also excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as they were not convertible as of the end of the period and we have the intent and ability to settle the obligation in cash. There were no such Convertible Senior Notes in the corresponding periods of 2015. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the potential common shares issuable upon the redemption of 6.4 million OP Units were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share and the OP Units do not participate in losses. There were no such redeemable OP Units in the corresponding periods of 2015.  

23 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 9. Share-Based Compensation  
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed (1) the Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust Equity Plan (the  Equity Plan ) which provided for the issuance of our common shares and common share-based awards to persons providing services to us, including without limitation, our trustees, officers, advisors, and consultants and employees of the Manager, (2) the Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust Manager Equity Plan (the  Manager Equity Plan  and, together with the Equity Plan, the  Equity Plans ) which provided for the issuance of our common shares and common share-based awards to the Manager, and (3) the Starwood Waypoint  Residential Trust Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan (the  Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan ) which provided for the issuance of common shares and common share-based awards to our independent trustees. All unvested RSUs and restricted shares issued pursuant to the Equity Plans and the Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan prior to the Merger became fully-vested upon the completion of the Merger. The Manager Equity Plan was terminated in connection with the completion of the Merger on January 5, 2016. 
 Under the Equity Plan, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we granted 523,009 RSUs to certain employees which vest over four years, no RSUs vested and 49,320 RSUs were forfeited. Under the Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we granted 25,126 restricted shares to our non-executive trustees, including 9,782 restricted shares granted to members of our board of trustees in lieu of trustee fees with an aggregate grant value of approximately $0.3 million, 9,782 shares vested and no shares were forfeited. The remaining 15,344 awards of restricted shares vest in one annual installment in March 2017. 
 After giving effect to activity described above and summarized in the table below, we have 1,173,276 and 128,970 shares available for grant as of September 30, 2016, for the Equity Plans and Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes our RSUs and restricted share awards activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $0.8 million and $1.9 million of share-based compensation expense, respectively, on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there was no share-based compensation expense recorded on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016, $10.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and restricted shares is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.5 years. 
 Equity Transactions 
 As discussed in Note 1, as consideration for the Merger, CAH shareholders received an aggregate of 64,869,526 of our common shares in exchange for all shares of CAH. In addition, upon consummation of the Internalization, Starwood Capital Group contributed the outstanding equity interests of the Manager to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 6,400,000 OP Units. The OP Units are redeemable at the election of the holder and we have the option, at our sole discretion, to redeem any such OP Units for cash or exchange such OP Units for common shares, on a one-for-one basis.  
 In January 2016, our board of trustees authorized a $100.0 million increase and an extension to our share repurchase program (the  2015 Program ). Under the 2015 Program, we may repurchase up to $250.0 million of our outstanding common shares through May 6, 2017. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased approximately 2.0 million of our shares for $44.6 million. As of September 30, 2016, up to $197.2 million may yet be purchased under the program. 
 On August 2, 2016, our board of trustees declared a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share. Total dividend payments of $23.8 million were made on October 14, 2016 to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 30, 2016. On July 15,  
 24 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  2016  ,   we paid   a quarterly dividend of $0.22   per common share, totaling   $23.8 million  ,   to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 30, 2016.   On April 15, 2016, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share, totaling $23.9 million, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2016.  

Note 10. Related-Party Transactions 
 Transition Services Agreement  
 On November 4, 2014, we completed the internalization (the  Management Internalization ) of our third-party management company ( CAH Manager ). CAH Manager was a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of Colony Capital, LLC ( Colony Capital ). Upon the closing of the Management Internalization, we entered into a transition services agreement with Colony Capital to obtain the services of certain administrative personnel. Pursuant to this agreement, we were provided with dedicated personnel to staff general and administrative functions necessary for its operations. The agreement also allowed certain Colony Capital senior management personnel to serve as officers of CAH. In accordance with the transition services agreement, we reimbursed Colony Capital for all compensation and benefits and costs associated with the employees dedicated to its operations. The transition services agreement terminated in January 2016 upon the consummation of the Merger. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not incur any transition service fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred $0.9 million and $3.0 million of transition service fees, respectively, which are included in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Any unpaid fees and costs are included in related-party payables in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Management Services  
 As the managing member of a joint venture with Fannie Mae (see Note 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures), one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries earns a management fee based upon the venture s gross receipts. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned management fees of approximately $0.7 million and $0.7 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned approximately $2.2 million and $2.2 million, respectively. Management fees earned from the Fannie Mae joint venture are included in other income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
 In connection with the Merger and Internalization, we assumed a management agreement with Waypoint Real Estate Group HoldCo, LLC ( Waypoint Manager ), under which we earn fees and are reimbursed for certain expenses in exchange for the operation and management of properties owned by multiple private funds. These fees and reimbursed expenses are included in other income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Certain of our officers and employees have minority ownership interests in Waypoint Manager. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, management fees and expense reimbursements under this agreement totaled approximately $2.4 million and $6.8 million, respectively. 
 NPL Sale 
 In August 2016, we completed the sale of a portfolio of 1,675 NPLs for a total sale price of $265.3 million. With the sale, the Company substantially completed its exit from the NPL business, consistent with its previously communicated strategic plan. The sale was completed after Prime successfully concluded a comprehensive and broadly marketed auction process with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as sale advisor. The portfolio was sold to an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group. Starwood Capital Group holds 6.4 million OP Units. The OP Units are redeemable at the election of the holder and we have the option, at our sole discretion, to redeem any such OP Units for cash or exchange such OP Units for common shares, on a one-for-one basis. We record the operating results of our NPL business segment as discontinued operations (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.)  
   
 Legacy Funds home acquisition 
   
 In September 2016, we completed a transaction to purchase 217 homes we formerly managed for third parties, for an aggregate purchase price of $60.6 million. Certain of our officers and employees have minority interests in the managing partner of those third parties. 

25 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 11. Fair Value Measurements  
 GAAP establishes a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on the observability of inputs utilized in measuring financial assets and liabilities at fair values (see Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies). GAAP establishes market-based or observable inputs as the preferred source of values, followed by valuation models using management assumptions in the absence of market inputs.  
 Our interest rate derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and are classified in Level II. See Note 12. Derivatives and Hedging. 
 Our assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include investments in real estate for which we have recorded impairments. See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies   for information regarding significant considerations used to estimate the fair value of our investments in real estate.  
 The assets for which we have recorded impairments, measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, are summarized below (in thousands):   

For a summary of activity for our real estate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, refer to Note 3. Real Estate. 
 We have not elected the fair value option for any of our financial instruments. Fair values of cash and cash equivalents, resident and other receivables, restricted cash and purchase deposits approximate carrying values due to their short-term nature.  
 The following table presents the fair value of our financial instruments carried at historical cost in the condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 

Fair values of loans receivable at December 31, 2015 were estimated using Level III inputs such as discounted cash flow projections, interest rates available for borrowers with similar credit metrics, market comparables, dealer quotes, and other quantitative and qualitative factors. 
 26 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  We determined the fair value for NPLs, at the time of the Merger, by using a discounted cash flow valuation mo  del and considering alternate loan resolution probabilities, including modification, liquidation or conversion to rental property or a bulk sale of the portfolio.  
 The carrying values of our asset-backed securitization certificates, secured credit facilities, master repurchase agreement, secured notes and mortgage loans approximate their fair values as they were recently obtained or have had their terms recently amended, or their interest rates reflect market rates since they are indexed to LIBOR. The fair value of our convertible senior notes is estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows at the interest rate we estimate such notes would bear if sold in the current market.  

Note 12. Derivatives and Hedging 
 Our objective in using derivative instruments is to manage our exposure to interest rate movements impacting interest expense on our borrowings. We use interest rate caps and swaps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with our existing variable-rate Loans and Senior SFR Facilities. Interest rate swaps involve the receipt of variable-rate interest amounts from a counterparty in exchange for us making payments based on a fixed interest rate over the life of the swap contracts.  
 Designated Hedges  
 We entered into interest rate caps to limit the exposure of increases in interest rates on our LIBOR-indexed Loans (see Note 7. Debt). These interest rate caps were partially designated as cash flow hedges. Each of the interest rate caps has a strike rate on one-month LIBOR of 2.08% to 3.62% and all expire between January 2017 and July 2018.   
 In February 2016, we entered into interest rate swap contracts on approximately $1.6 billion of variable rate Loans. These swap contracts effectively convert approximately $1.6 billion of floating rate debt with a weighted-average interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.91% to an effective fixed interest rate of 2.75% for three years. At the same time, we de-designated three of our interest rate caps,  resulting in reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings of $0.1 million and $0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. During the next 12 months, we estimate that an additional $0.8 million will be reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income to earnings.   
 In June 2016, we entered into an interest rate swap contract with a notional amount of $450.0 million. This swap effectively converts approximately $450.0 million of floating rate debt with a weighted-average interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.22% to an effective fixed interest rate of 3.32% for five years on average. 
 In connection with the interest rate swap contracts entered into in 2016, we posted cash collateral with the counterparty, which amounted to $13.3 million as of September 30, 2016.  
 Changes in fair value of the designated portion of our interest rate caps and swaps that qualify for hedge accounting are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), resulting in an unrealized gains of $9.2 million and unrealized losses of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and unrealized losses of $7.6 million and $1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss), including amounts resulting from the de-designation of interest rate caps, totaled $1.2 million and $0.1 million the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $3.1 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Non-Designated Hedges  
 Non-designated hedges are derivatives that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting or for which we did not elect to designate as accounting hedges. We do not enter into derivative transactions for speculative or trading purposes, but may enter into derivatives to manage the economic risk of changes in interest rates. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated as accounting hedges are recorded in other loss, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
 A portion of the notional amounts of interest rate caps in connection with our mortgage loans are not designated as accounting hedges. In addition, we entered into interest rate caps in connection with each of the draws from the JPMorgan Facility, which are not designated as accounting hedges. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, unrealized losses of $18,000 and $21,000, respectively, are included in other loss, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for our non-designated interest rate cap hedges. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, unrealized losses of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, were incurred and are included in other loss, net.  
 27 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  In periods prior to the Merger, we utilized interest rate swaps and futures as economic hedges for our portfolio of loans held for investment by our CAF subsidiary   and secured financing facility, which were not designated as accounting hedges. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, net unrealized losses of $5.8 million and $4.6 million, respectively, are included in income (loss) from discontinued o  perations, net (Note 14) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations related to our non-designated interest rate swaps and futures.   
 The fair values of derivative instruments included in other assets, net and other liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets are as follows:  

Note 13. Income Taxes 
 Our TRSs are subject to corporate level federal, state, foreign and local income taxes. The following is a summary of our income tax expense (benefit):  

Deferred tax assets of zero and $1.3 million are included in other assets, net at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Deferred tax assets arise from temporary differences in income recognition for GAAP and tax purposes, primarily related to our investments in real estate.  
   
 28 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 

Note 14. Discontinued Operations 
  In April 2014, the FASB issued new guidance for reporting discontinued operations. Only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a major effect on a company s operations and financial results will be presented as discontinued operations. Companies are required to expand their disclosures about discontinued operations to provide more information on the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the discontinued operations. Companies are also required to disclose the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of a company that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. Application of this guidance is prospective from the date of adoption and early adoption was permitted, but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that had not been reported in financial statements previously issued. We adopted the new standard effective January 1, 2014.   
  From time-to-time and in the normal course of business, we dispose of individual real estate assets in order to optimize the performance of our portfolio of real estate assets. We have concluded that these individual dispositions do not qualify for discontinued operations reporting as they do not represent, individually or in aggregate, a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. Our real estate assets which meet the held-for-sale criteria as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are classified as real estate assets held for sale, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  On May 4, 2016, our board of trustees approved a strategic shift to exit the NPL business acquired as a result of the Merger. The disposal of the assets and liabilities of our NPL business represents a strategic shift in operations and is expected to have a major effect on our operations and financial results and therefore the results of operations are presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  In August 2016, Prime sold substantially all of its NPLs.   The sale price was $265.3 million resulting in a gain on the sale, net of selling costs, of approximately $3.5 million.  
  The following table summarizes transactions resulting in income and expense within our NPL business for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

The assets and liabilities are presented separately as assets held for sale and liabilities related to assets held for sale in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. We had no such assets and related liabilities as of December 31, 2015. The following table summarizes the components of such assets and related liabilities as of September 30, 2016:  

As of December 31, 2015, we had a portfolio of loans held for investment through our former CAF subsidiary (see Note 5. Loans Receivable.) As a result of our strategic shift to exit the single-family real estate loan business and sale of the related loan receivable   
 29 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  instrumen  ts, this segment is presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.     The following table summarizes transactions resulting in income and expense within our former CAF subsidiary for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Purchase Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had executed multiple agreements to purchase a total of 219 homes for an aggregate purchase price of $57.1 million. 
 Legal and Regulatory 
 Between October 26, 2015 and October 28, 2015, our board of trustees received two litigation demand letters on behalf of our purported shareholders. The letters alleged, among other things, that our trustees breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Merger and the Internalization, and demanded that our board of trustees take action, including by pursuing litigation against our trustees. Our board of trustees referred these letters to the special committee of our board of trustees formed in connection with the Internalization for review and a recommendation. On November 5, 2015, after considering the allegations made in the letters, and upon the recommendation of the special committee, our board of trustees (with Barry Sternlicht, Douglas R. Brien and Andrew J. Sossen recusing themselves) voted to reject the demands.  
 On October 30, 2015, a putative class action was filed by one of our purported shareholders ( Plaintiff ) against us, our trustees, the Manager, SWAY Holdco, LLC, Starwood Capital Group and CAH ( Defendants ) challenging the Merger and the Internalization. The case is captioned South Miami Pension Plan v. Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, et al., Circuit Court for Baltimore City, State of Maryland, Case No. 24C15005482. The complaint alleged, among other things, that some or all of our trustees breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Merger and the Internalization, and that the other defendants aided and abetted those alleged breaches. The complaint also challenged the adequacy of the public disclosures made in connection with the Merger and the Internalization. Plaintiff sought, among other relief, an injunction preventing our shareholders from voting on the Internalization or the Merger, rescission of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and damages, including attorneys  fees and experts  fees.  
 On December 4, 2015, Plaintiff filed a motion seeking a preliminary injunction preventing our shareholders from voting on whether to approve the Merger and the Internalization. On December 16, 2015, the day before the shareholder vote, the Court denied Plaintiff s preliminary injunction motion. Plaintiff thereafter notified the Defendants that it intended to file an amended complaint. Plaintiff filed its amended complaint on February 3, 2016, asserting substantially similar claims and seeking substantially similar relief as in its earlier complaint. In response, Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March 21, 2016, on which the Court held a hearing June 1, 2016. We believe that this action has no merit and intend to defend vigorously against it. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to potential liability under laws and government regulations and various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. Liabilities are established for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts established for those claims. Based on information currently available, we have no legal or regulatory claims that would have a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements.   

30 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 16. Business Combination  
 SWAY, CAH and certain of their subsidiaries and certain investors in CAH entered into a Merger Agreement dated as of September 21, 2015 (see Note 1. Organization and Operations). Effective January 5, 2016, CAH merged with and into a subsidiary of SWAY, which was the surviving entity in the Merger. In connection with the Merger, our former CAF subsidiary was spun out to CAH s investors, and we do not own an interest in CAF following the Merger. 
 The Merger was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations  .  CAH was designated as the accounting acquirer, resulting in a reverse acquisition of SWAY. The assets   (including identifiable intangible assets) and liabilities (including executory contracts and other commitments) of SWAY were recorded at their respective fair values at the date of the Merger. While consideration transferred in a business combination is typically measured by reference to the fair value of equity issued or other assets   transferred by the accounting acquirer, CAH did not issue any consideration in the Merger. Accordingly, the fair value of the consideration transferred was measured based on the number of equity interests CAH would have had to issue to give the shareholders of SWAY the same percentage interest in the combined company as a result of the reverse acquisition. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of the consideration transferred and non-controlling interests assumed was approximately $1.3 billion, which was based upon the estimated fair value of CAH s equity interests, giving consideration to: (i) the estimated fair value of SWAY s net assets and CAH s net assets used to negotiate the Merger consideration; (ii) SWAY s observable public share price, as adjusted for an implied control premium; and (iii) other factors. Our condensed consolidated financial statements issued after the Merger reflect these fair value adjustments and the combined results of operations subsequent to the date of the Merger. Since CAH was designated as the accounting acquirer, its historical financial statements for periods prior to January 5, 2016 only represent the historical financial information of CAH and its consolidated subsidiaries, including CAF prior to its spin-off. 
 The total purchase price has been allocated based upon (1) the amounts reported in the SWAY historical financial statements for any assets that were reported at fair value in accordance with SWAY s historical accounting policies or (2) management s preliminary estimates of fair value. Management s preliminary estimates of fair value for SWAY s investments in real estate properties was based upon a progressive method which incorporated three value sources: AVMs, BPOs and internal desktop evaluations.  
 The fair value of SWAY s investments in NPLs was determined by using a discounted cash flow valuation model and also applying the estimated effect of a bulk sale of the portfolio.  
 The fair value of SWAY s debt was determined by comparison of contractual terms of SWAY s existing debt obligations to the then current market rates on a risk-adjusted basis. The associated future debt cash flows were then discounted back to present value to arrive at an estimated fair value of SWAY s debt.  
 We assign a portion of goodwill to our applicable property sales, which results in a reduction of the carrying amount of our goodwill. In order to allocate goodwill to the carrying amount of properties that we sell, we utilize a relative fair value approach based on the original methodology for assigning goodwill. As we sell properties, our goodwill will likely continue to gradually decrease over time. 
 31 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  The allocation of the total purchase price to SWAY s tangible   and intangible assets and liabilities under this methodology and the allocation of goodwill to dispositions is as follows:   

(1)   
 
 Included in net gain on sales of real estate in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.    

These allocations are  management s estimates of fair value, which are preliminary as of September 30, 2016 and are subject to change.  The goodwill recorded is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the Internalization and the Merger.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded certain measurement period adjustments related to the provisional balances as of the Merger date, including the valuation of certain homes that were classified as held-for-sale and/or disposed of during the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, and an adjustment to correct certain cash balances acquired in the Merger. The net effect of these adjustments, including the allocation of goodwill to dispositions, was a decrease in goodwill of approximately $5.0 million from the preliminary amount recorded as of the Merger date.  
 We incurred $1.5 million and $30.1 million of merger and transaction-related expenses related to the Merger during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $2.4 million for each of the corresponding periods during 2015.  Merger and transaction-related expenses are comprised primarily of transaction fees and direct acquisition costs, including legal, finance, consulting, professional fees and other third-party costs. 
 The following table provides the pro forma consolidated operational data as if the Merger had occurred on January 1, 2015:  

32 
 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 , 2016   
 (Unaudited) 
   
  The pro forma consolidated operational data is based on   assumptions and estimates considered appropriate by our management; however, these pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been obtained had the Merger occurred at the beginning of the period presented,   nor do they purport to represent the consolidated results of operations for future periods. The pro forma consolidated operational data do not include the impact of any synergies that may be achieved from the Internalization, Merger or any strategies that   management may consider in order to continue to efficiently manage operations.  

Note 17. Subsequent Events 
   
 Dividend Declaration 
 On November 2, 2016, our board of trustees declared a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share. Payment of the dividend is expected to be made on January 13, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 30, 2016. 
 Acquisition and Disposition of Homes  
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we have continued to purchase and sell homes in the normal course of business. For the period from October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016, we purchased 170 homes with an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately $42.0 million. For the period from October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016, we sold 42 homes with a gross aggregate selling price of $7.0 million.    
 Issuance of Mortgage Loans  
 In November 2016, we completed our sixth securitization transaction. This transaction involved the issuance and sale in a private offering of Certificates issued by a Trust established by us. We sold to investors $580.7 million of Certificates, net of $30.6 million certificates retained by us, with an initial maturity date of November 2018 and three one-year extension options, at a weighted-average blended interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus 1.86%.    
 Merger Lock-up Expiration and Registration Statement 
 In October 2016, in connection with the expiration of the restrictions pursuant to the Merger and Internalization, we entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement and filed a Registration Statement and Prospectus with the SEC. In connection with these agreements and filings, 71.3 million of our common shares were released from restrictions and available for trade subject to customary laws and regulations. 
 Losses related to Hurricane Matthew 
 In October 2016, Hurricane Matthew moved through the Southeastern region of the United States, including areas in which we own homes. We do not expect damage to our homes resulting from the storm to be material, and as of this filing we estimate our total loss to be approximately $0.6 million.   

33 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the factors described in this section. 
 On September 21, 2015, we and CAH announced the signing of the Merger Agreement, to combine the two companies in the Merger.  In connection with the transaction, we internalized the Manager. The Merger and the Internalization were completed on January 5, 2016.   
 Upon consummation of the Internalization, Starwood Capital Group contributed the outstanding equity interests of the Manager to the operating partnership in exchange for 6,400,000 OP Units. The OP Units are redeemable at the election of the holder and we have the option, at our sole discretion, to redeem any such OP Units for cash or exchange such OP Units for common shares, on a one-for-one basis. Subsequent to the Internalization and the Merger, we own all material assets and intellectual property rights of the Manager. 
 Under the Merger Agreement, CAH shareholders received an aggregate of 64,869,526 of our common shares in exchange for all shares of CAH. Upon completion of the transaction, our existing shareholders and the former owner of the Manager owned approximately 41% of our common shares, while former CAH shareholders owned approximately 59% of our common shares. The share allocation was determined based on each company s net asset value. Upon the closing of the Internalization and the Merger, we changed our name to Colony Starwood Homes and our common shares are listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol  SFR.    
 Since both SWAY and CAH had significant pre-combination activities, the Merger was accounted for as a business combination by the combined company in accordance with ASC 805. Based upon consideration of a number of factors, CAH was designated as the accounting acquirer in the Merger. Since SWAY was the legal acquirer, the transaction resulted in a reverse acquisition of SWAY for accounting purposes. Consequently, the historical condensed consolidated financial statements included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016, the closing date of the Merger, represent only the pre-Merger condensed financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income and cash flows of CAH. SWAY s assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests were recorded at fair value as of January 5, 2016, and its results of operations are included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations beginning on that date. The historical financial information included herein as of any date, or for any periods, prior to January 5, 2016 do not reflect the consolidated financial position, results of operations, other comprehensive income or cash flows of the combined companies had the Merger been completed during the historical periods presented.  
 In addition to the financial statements included herein, you should read and consider the audited financial statements and notes thereto of SWAY included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 and the CAH audited financial statements and notes thereto and the unaudited pro forma financial information included in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2016, as amended on March 22, 2016, March 25, 2016 and October 11, 2016. 
 Overview 
 We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust and commenced operations in May 2012 primarily to acquire, renovate, lease and manage residential assets in select markets throughout the United States. Our objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders over the long-term through dividends and capital appreciation. Our primary strategy is to acquire SFR homes through a variety of channels, renovate these homes to the extent necessary and lease them to qualified residents. We measure homes by the number of rental units as compared to number of properties, taking into account our limited investments in multi-unit properties. We seek to take advantage of macroeconomic trends in favor of leasing homes by acquiring, owning, renovating and managing homes that we believe will generate substantial current rental revenue, which we expect to grow over time.  
 When pursuing home acquisitions, we focus on markets that we believe present the greatest opportunities for home price appreciation, that have strong rental demand and where we can attain property operating efficiencies as a result of geographic concentration of assets in our portfolio. We identify and pursue individual home acquisition opportunities through a number of sources including MLS listings, foreclosure auctions and short sales. In addition, we may opportunistically identify and pursue bulk portfolios of homes from banks, mortgage servicers, other SFR companies, government sponsored enterprises, private investors and other financial institutions.  
 34 

O  ur operating partnership was formed as a Delaware limited partnership in May 2012. Our wholly-owned subsidiary is the sole general partner of our operating partnership, and we conduct substantially all of our business through our opera  ting partnership. We own   94.0%   of the   outstanding OP Units as of   September 30, 2016  .  
 We have a joint venture with Prime, an entity managed by Prime Finance, an asset manager that specializes in acquisition, resolution and disposition of NPLs. We own a greater than 98.75% interest in the joint venture. We have determined to exit the NPL business and are currently marketing all remaining assets of the joint venture for disposition (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.) Prime earns a one-time fee from us, equal to a percentage of the value (as determined pursuant to the Amended JV Partnership Agreement) of the NPLs and homes we originally designated as rental pool assets upon disposition or resolution of such assets. Prime also earns a fee in connection with the asset management services that Prime provides to the joint venture and additional incentive fees related to the sale of assets in connection with our exit from the NPL business. 
 We intend to operate and to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our REIT taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our REIT taxable income to shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Our Portfolio 
 As of September 30, 2016, our SFR portfolio consisted of 31,557 owned homes including 30,611 rental homes and 946 homes that we do not intend to hold for the long term. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 94.9% of our rental homes were occupied and approximately 95.6% of our stabilized rental homes were occupied. Approximately 90.0% of our rental homes are located in our top ten markets.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had executed multiple agreements to purchase a total of 219 homes for an aggregate purchase price of $57.1 million. There can be no assurance that we will close on all of the homes we have contracted to acquire. 
 The following table provides a summary of our portfolio of SFRs as of September 30, 2016:  

(1)   
 
 We define stabilized homes as homes from the first day of initial occupancy or subsequent occupancy after a renovation. Homes are considered stabilized even after subsequent resident turnover. However, homes may be removed from the stabilized home portfolio and placed in the non-stabilized home portfolio due to major renovation during the home life cycle.    

(2)   
 
 Excludes 946 homes that we do not intend to hold for the long-term.    

(3)   
 
 We measure homes by the number of rental units as compared to the number of properties. Although historically we have primarily invested in SFRs, and expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future, this takes into account our investments in multi-unit properties and, we believe, provides a more meaningful measure to investors.    

(4)   
 
 Homes acquired as a result of the Merger reflect the fair value step-up as of January 5, 2016.    

(5  )   
 
 Homes acquired as a result of the Merger reflect an acquisition date of January 5, 2016.    

(6)   
 
 Represents average monthly contractual cash rent. Average monthly cash rent is presented before rent concessions and incentives (e.g., free rent and other concessions). To date, rent concessions and incentives have been utilized on a limited basis and have not had a significant impact on our average monthly rent. If the use of rent concessions or other leasing incentives increases in the future, they may have a greater impact by reducing the average monthly rent we receive from leased homes.    

 35 

Factors Which May Influence Future Results of Operations  
 Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. The key factors we expect to impact our results of operations and financial condition include our pace of acquisitions and ability to deploy our capital, the time and cost required to stabilize a newly acquired home, rental rates, occupancy levels, rates of resident turnover, our expense ratios and capital structure. 
 Acquisitions 
 We continue to acquire SFR homes for our portfolio. Our ability to identify and acquire homes that meet our investment criteria may be affected by home prices in our target markets, the inventory of homes available through our acquisition channels and competition for our target assets. We have accumulated a substantial amount of recent data on acquisition costs, renovation costs and time frames for the conversion of homes to rental. We utilize the acquisition process developed by the members of our executive team who employ both top-down and bottom-up analyses to underwrite each acquisition opportunity we consider. The underwriting process is supported by our highly scalable technology platform, market analytics and a local, cross-functional team.  
 Property Stabilization 
 Before an acquired property becomes an income-producing, or rent-ready, asset, we must take possession of the property (to the extent it remains occupied by a hold-over property owner), renovate, market and lease the property. We refer to this process as property stabilization. The acquisition of homes involves the outlay of capital beyond payment of the purchase price, including payments for property inspections, closing costs, title insurance, transfer taxes, recording fees, broker commissions, and property taxes and HOA fees in arrears. The time and cost involved in stabilizing our newly acquired homes will affect our financial performance and will be affected by the time it takes for us to take possession of the home, the time involved and cost incurred for renovations, and time needed for leasing the home for rental. 
 Possession can be delayed by factors such as the exercise of applicable statutory or rescission rights by hold-over owners or unauthorized occupants living in the home at the time of purchase and legal challenges to our ownership. The cost associated with transitioning an occupant from an occupied home varies significantly depending on the steps taken to transition the occupant (i.e., willfully vacate, cash for keys, court-ordered vacancy). In some instances, where we have purchased a home that is occupied, we have been able to convert the occupant to a short-term or long-term resident. 
 We expect to control renovation costs and the time to renovate a newly acquired or vacated, following a resident move-out, home by following a standardized process to prepare the home for residency to our rent-ready standards. The renovation scope for each home is developed and managed through a technology enabled process that incorporates proprietary systems, home level data, pre-established specifications, standards and pricing and expertise from our in market personnel. Our field project managers are responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of our home renovation process. This includes the overall supervision and management of home renovations, including conducting pre-acquisition diligence, developing scopes of work, cost estimating and value engineering, directing the bid award process, managing the scope verification process, performing inspections and, ultimately, bringing the renovations to completion. Renovating a home to our standards typically requires expenditures on kitchen remodeling, flooring, painting, plumbing, electrical, heating and landscaping. We also make targeted capital improvements, such as electrical, plumbing, HVAC and roofing work, that we believe increase resident satisfaction and lower future repair and maintenance costs. 
 We expect to continue to control renovation costs by leveraging our supplier relationships to negotiate attractive rates and rebates on items such as appliances, flooring, hardware, paint and other material components. The time to renovate a newly acquired property may vary significantly among homes depending on the acquisition channel by which it was acquired and the age and condition of the property. Upon completion of construction, we perform rigorous quality control and scope verification with our field project managers to ensure our homes have been completed to a rent-ready standard and are deemed ready for occupancy. During this process, we coordinate and communicate with our local property management and leasing teams on the timing and availability of the homes so that marketing and leasing activities can begin while the home is being prepared for occupancy. 
 Similarly, the time to market and lease a home will be driven by local demand, our marketing techniques and the supply of homes in the market. We utilize a fully-integrated marketing and leasing strategy that leverages technologies to maximize occupancy, resident quality and rental rates. We showcase our available homes on our website, which is integrated with our proprietary platform to ensure that available homes are marketed from the moment they are rent-ready. Leads are funneled to our internal leasing teams who work to qualify the leads and identify potential residents. Our lead scoring system is used to efficiently cultivate, prioritize and qualify leads. We maintain a centralized call center in Scottsdale and regional staff in several other markets.  
 Market-specific factors, including the unemployment rate, household formation and net population growth, income growth, size and make-up of existing and future housing stock, prevailing market rental and mortgage rates and credit availability will also impact  
 36 

the single-family real estate market. Growth in demand for rental housing in excess of the growth of rental housing supply will generally drive higher occupancy rates and rental price increases. Negative trends in our target markets with respect to   these metrics or others could adversely impact our rental income.   
 As of September 30, 2016, the 30,407 homes we owned in our stabilized home portfolio were approximately 95.6% occupied. As of December 31, 2015, the 17,683 homes we owned in our stabilized home portfolio were approximately 95.5% occupied. 
 Capitalized Costs 
 We capitalize certain costs incurred in connection with successful property acquisitions and associated stabilization activities, including tangible property improvements and replacements of existing property components. Included in these capitalized costs are certain personnel costs associated with time spent by certain personnel in connection with the planning, execution, and oversight of all capital addition activities at the property level as well as third-party acquisition fees. We capitalized $0.2 million and $0.6 million of such personnel costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, to building and improvements in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. Indirect costs are allocations of certain costs, including personnel costs that directly relate to capital additions activities. We also capitalize property taxes, insurance, interest and HOA fees during the periods in which property stabilization is in progress. We charge to expense as incurred costs that do not relate to capital addition activities, including ordinary repairs, maintenance, resident turnover costs and general and administrative expenses. We also defer successful leasing costs and amortize them over the life of the lease, which is typically one year. Deferred leasing costs are included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and include $2.3 million and $6.2 million of certain personnel costs which were capitalized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Loan Resolution Methodologies 
 As discussed in Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited), Note14. Discontinued Operations, we have decided to exit the NPL business and are currently marketing all remaining assets of the joint venture for disposition. 
 Historically, a portion of our NPLs were returned to performing status primarily through loan modifications and some were sold.  
 Many of these NPLs entered foreclosure or similar proceedings, ultimately converting to homes that could then be sold. The costs we incur associated with converting loans generally include real estate taxes, insurance and ongoing property preservation costs on the underlying collateral, loan servicing and asset management and legal. The amount of costs incurred is primarily dependent on the length of time it takes to complete the foreclosure.  
 We intend to sell homes converted from loans and the state of the real estate market and home prices will determine proceeds from any sale of homes acquired in settlement of loans. In addition, while we seek to track real estate price trends and estimate the effects of those trends on the valuations of our portfolios of NPLs, future real estate values are subject to influences beyond our control. Generally, rising home prices are expected to positively affect our results of homes acquired in settlement of loans. Conversely, declining home prices are expected to negatively affect our results of homes acquired in settlement of loans. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue is generated primarily from rents collected under lease agreements for our homes. The most important drivers of revenue (aside from portfolio growth) are rental and occupancy rates. Our rental and occupancy rates are affected by macroeconomic factors and local and property-level factors, including market conditions, seasonality and resident defaults, the amount of time that it takes us to renovate homes upon acquisition and the amount of time it takes us to renovate and re-lease vacant homes. 
 In each of our markets, we monitor a number of factors that may affect the single-family real estate market and our residents  finances, including the unemployment rate, household formation and net population growth, income growth, size and make-up of existing and anticipated housing stock, prevailing market rental and mortgage rates, rental vacancies and credit availability. Growth in demand for rental housing in excess of the growth of rental housing supply, among other factors, will generally drive higher occupancy and rental rates. Negative trends in our markets with respect to these metrics or others could adversely affect our rental revenue. 
 In the near term, our ability to drive revenue growth will depend in large part on our ability to efficiently renovate and lease newly acquired homes, maintain occupancy in the rest of our portfolio, increase monthly rental rates upon renewal and rollover, and acquire additional homes, both leased and vacant. 
 37 

Expenses  
 Our ability to acquire, renovate, lease and maintain our portfolio in a cost-effective manner will be a key driver of our operating performance. We monitor the following categories of expenses that we believe most significantly affect our results of operations. 
 Property-Related Expenses 
 Once we acquire and renovate a home, we have ongoing property-related expenses, including HOA fees (when applicable), taxes, insurance, ongoing costs to market and maintain the home and expenses associated with resident turnover. Certain of these expenses are not under our control, including HOA fees, property insurance and real estate taxes. We expect that certain of our costs, including insurance costs and property management costs, will account for a smaller percentage of our revenue as we expand our portfolio, achieve larger scale and negotiate additional volume discounts with third-party service providers and vendors. We also expect to achieve continued reductions in property-related expenses attributable to economies of scale from increased market density as a result of the Merger. 
 Seasonality 
 We believe that our business and related operating results will be impacted by seasonal factors throughout the year. In particular, we have historically experienced lower occupancy rates and higher levels of tenant turnover during the summer months, which impacts both our rental revenues and related turnover costs. Further, our property operating costs are seasonally impacted in certain markets for expenses such as HVAC repairs, turn costs and landscaping expenses during the summer season. 
 NPL Business-Related Expenses 
 As a result of the Merger, we have a joint venture with Prime, an entity managed by Prime Finance, an asset manager that specializes in acquisition, resolution and disposition of NPLs. We own, indirectly, at least 98.75% interest in the joint venture, which owns all of our NPLs. We have determined to exit the NPL business and are currently marketing all remaining assets of the joint venture for disposition. The joint venture exists for the purposes of: (1) converting NPLs to performing residential mortgage loans through modifications, holding such loans, selling such loans or converting such loans to homes; (2) acquiring homes through foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or other similar process; and (3) selling homes. Prime has contributed less than 1.26% of the cash equity to the joint venture ( Prime s Percentage Interest ) and Prime, in accordance with our instructions (which are based in part on the use of certain analytic tools included in our proprietary platform), coordinates the resolution or disposition of loans for the joint venture. Our NPLs are serviced by Prime s team of asset managers or licensed third-party mortgage loan servicers. We have exclusive management decision making control with respect to various matters of the joint venture and control over all decisions of the joint venture through our veto power. We may elect, in our sole and absolute discretion, to delegate certain ministerial or day-to-day management rights related to the joint venture to employees, affiliates or agents of us or Prime. 
 We also have the exclusive right under the joint venture, exercisable in our sole and absolute discretion, to designate NPLs and homes as rental pool assets ( Rental Pool Assets ). We will be liable for all expenses and benefit from all income from any Rental Pool Assets. The joint venture will be liable for all expenses and benefit from all income from all NPLs and homes not segregated into Rental Pool Assets ( Non-Rental Pool Assets ). Although we have the exclusive right to transfer any Rental Pool Assets from the joint venture to us, we intend to sell all remaining homes converted from loans through the joint venture. Prime earns a one-time fee from us (the  Prime Transfer Fee ), equal to a percentage of the value (as determined pursuant to the Amended JV Partnership Agreement) of the NPLs and homes we originally designated as Rental Pool Assets upon disposition or resolution of such assets and additional incentive fees related to the sale of assets in connection with our exit from the NPL business.  
 In connection with the asset management services that Prime provides to the joint venture s Non-Rental Pool Assets, the joint venture pays Prime a monthly asset management fee in arrears for all Non-Rental Pool Assets acquired. 
 Property Management and Acquisition Sourcing Companies 
 We undertake most of our property management services internally. However, in certain markets where we do not own a large number of homes, we utilize strategic relationships with local property management companies that are recognized leaders in their markets to provide property management, rehabilitation and leasing services for our homes. In addition, we utilize strategic relationships with regional and local partners to exclusively assist us in identifying individual home acquisition opportunities within our target parameters in our target markets. 
 Any relationships with third-party property management companies are based on our contractual arrangements, which provide that we will pay the property managers a percentage of the rental revenue and other fees collected from our residents. As of September 30, 2016, less than 1% of our homes are serviced by third-party property management companies. We expect that our third-party property  
 38 

management expenses will account for a   smaller percentage of our revenue as we expand our portfolio and perform a larger percentage of the property management function internally. Acquisition sourcing also will be based on our contractual arrangements, which provide that we will pay a commissio  n for each home acquired for our portfolio.  
 Corporate Overhead 
 We incur general and administrative costs, including those costs related to being a public company. We expect these costs to decline as a percentage of revenue as our portfolio grows.  
 Income Taxation 
 We intend to operate and to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Our qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common shares. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 Significant Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 Significant accounting policies are those that we believe are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and require our difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in our reporting materially different amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make certain judgments and assumptions, based on information available at the time of our preparation of the financial statements, in determining accounting estimates used in preparation of the statements. We believe that our accounting policies regarding investments in real estate and NPLs are the most critical in understanding the judgments involved in the preparation of our financial statements. Our financial statements reflect our revisions to such estimates in income in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. Our significant accounting policies are described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (Unaudited), Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2016. 
 Accounting estimates are considered critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates reasonably could have been used in the reporting period or changes in the accounting estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period that would have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Growth of Investment Portfolio 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we increased our home portfolio by 13,761 homes, net of sales activities, primarily as a result of the Merger. The table below summarizes our SFR portfolio holdings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

39 

Recent Developments 
 Developments during the third quarter of 2016: 

In July 2016, we completed a sale of 339 re-performing loans for $45.9 million of sales proceeds of which $23.7 million was used for payments on our master repurchase agreement.     

In September 2016, we completed a transaction to purchase 217 homes we formerly managed for third parties, for an aggregate purchase price of $60.6 million.      

 Subsequent Events 
 Refer to Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited), Note 17. Subsequent Events included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for disclosure regarding significant transactions that occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016. 
 Results of Operations  
 The main components of our net loss of $10.9 million and $70.8 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to our net loss of $11.2 million and $26.7 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were as follows: 
 Revenues  

Our revenues come primarily from rents collected under lease agreements for our homes. The most important drivers of our revenues (aside from portfolio growth) are rental and occupancy rates. Our rental and occupancy rates are affected by macroeconomic factors and local and property-level factors, including market conditions, seasonality and resident defaults, and the amount of time that it takes us to renovate and lease homes upon acquisition and the amount of time it takes us to renovate and re-lease vacant homes. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced an increase in total revenues of 85% and 93%, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase in rental revenues which is primarily attributable to SFR portfolio growth. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we increased our SFR home portfolio by 13,761 homes, net of sales activities, primarily as result of the Merger. Other property income includes tenant charge backs, late charges and early-termination charges and other income includes management fees earned in the operations and management of the Fannie Mae joint venture and operation and management of the assets of multiple private funds. 
 40 

Expenses   

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced an increase in total expenses of 78% and 93%, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. Relative to total revenues, total expenses decreased to 110% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from 114% for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease is primarily attributable to improvements in efficiency, as further discussed below, which are primarily driven by economies of scale and improvements in business processes. Relative to total revenues, total expenses were 116% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 116% for the corresponding period in 2015. The percentage of total expenses relative to total revenues have remained the same and this is primarily attributable to improvements in efficiency that were offset by $30.1 million of merger and transaction-related expenses incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulting from the Internalization and Merger.   
 Property Operating and Maintenance 
 Included in property operating and maintenance expenses are bad debt, utilities and landscape maintenance, repairs and maintenance on leased properties and expenses associated with resident turnover in vacancy periods between lease dates. Also included are third-party management fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, property operating and maintenance expense increased by $8.6 million and $20.9 million, respectively, from the same periods in 2015 resulting from increases related to the growth in the size of our portfolio of leased and unleased homes. Relative to rental and other property revenues, property operating and maintenance expenses decreased to 17% and 15%, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, from 19% and 19%, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. These improvements in efficiency are primarily driven by economies of scale and improvements in business processes.  
 Real Estate Taxes, Insurance and HOA costs 
 Real estate taxes, insurance and HOA costs are expensed once a property is rent ready. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, real estate taxes, insurance and HOA costs increased $13.1 million and $39.7 million, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases are related to the growth in the size of our portfolio of homes that are rent ready. We expect these costs to change as the size of our portfolio changes. 
 41 

Property Management Expenses  
 Property management expenses consist primarily of salaries, wages, and other personnel-related expenses for property management personnel as well as rent and other facilities-related expenses for property management offices. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, property management expenses increased $3.9 million and $12.7 million, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases are primarily attributable to growth in the size of our SFR portfolio of homes and are expected to change as the size of our portfolio changes. 
 Interest Expense 
   
 Interest expense increased by $22.9 million and $67.0 million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily resulting from our aggregate borrowings of $3.8 billion and higher average debt balances. As described in Note 7. Debt, we assumed approximately $1.6 billion of long-term debt in the Merger (excluding Prime s master repurchase agreement).  In addition, in June 2016, we entered into a mortgage loan agreement and used the net cash proceeds of $485.6 million primarily to pay down our secured credit facilities. Interest expense will fluctuate in future periods primarily as a result of changes in the amount our aggregate borrowings and interest rates. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation on real estate assets placed in-service and amortization of deferred leasing costs and lease intangibles. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization increased by $19.9 million and $55.5 million, respectively, as compared to 2015, primarily as a result of the increased number of in-service SFR properties in our portfolio as a result of the Merger. We expect depreciation and amortization expense to continue to increase as a result of the continued growth in the aggregate investment in our SFR portfolio. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Assets 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 we recorded a decrease of $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of impairment expense as compared to the same period in 2015. The primary reason for the decreases in impairment expense was the increase in fair value related to home price appreciation in our markets. Impairment expense may fluctuate widely in the future as a result of macroeconomic and other factors. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 As discussed in Note 9. Share-Based Compensation, SWAY adopted the Equity Plan, the Manager Equity Plan and the Non-Executive Trustee Share Plan on January 16, 2014. Grants issued under these plans prior to the Merger fully vested as a result of the Merger and had no impact on share-based compensation expense during 2016. 
 Grants issued under these plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulted in an increase of $0.8 million and $1.9 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense as compared to the same periods in 2015 as we did not have any such plans or share-based compensation expense prior to the Merger. Share-based compensation expense may fluctuate in the future as a result of the issuance of additional grants, changes in the price of our common shares and changes in estimated forfeiture rates.  
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses are primarily composed of personnel costs, office rent and facility-related expenses, and standard professional service costs such as legal and audit fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expense increased by $2.7 million and $15.6 million, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of increased headcount related to the Merger but offset in part by improvements in efficiency primarily attributable to economies of scale. 
 Merger and Transaction-Related Expenses  
 Transaction-related expenses are primarily composed of professional fees, consulting services fees, severance costs and other expenses incurred in connection with the Internalization and Merger.  These expenses include fees for legal, accounting and investment banking services, due diligence activities, and other services that are customary to be incurred in connection with internalization and merger transactions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, such costs related to the Internalization and Merger decreased $0.9 million and increased $27.6 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods  
 42 

of 2015. Although we expect to incur additional merger and transaction-related expenses from time-to-time in the future, they are anticipated to d  ecrea  se as compared to the nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income and expense consists primarily of activities related to our sales of investments in real estate, changes in the fair value of our non-designated hedging instruments and losses related to insurance claims. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, these activities resulted in net income of $3.0 million and $2.5 million, respectively, compared to net expense of $1.5 million and $2.1 million during the same periods in 2015. The change in 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily attributable to an increase in gains on sales of real estate recorded in 2016 as compared to 2015. 
   
 Discontinued Operations 
 In connection with the Merger, we acquired SWAY s portfolio of NPLs. We hold our NPLs within a consolidated subsidiary jointly owned with Prime. We have a controlling interest in the subsidiary and, as such, have the power to direct its significant activities while Prime manages the subsidiary s day-to-day operations. As discussed in Note 14. Discontinued Operations, on May 4, 2016, our board of trustees  authorized a strategic shift in our business operations and an exit from the NPL business. The net impact from discontinued operations resulting from these activities was income of $0.4 million and a loss of $7.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. During the corresponding periods in 2015, the net impact from discontinued operations resulting from the activities of our former CAF subsidiary (see  Note 14. Discontinued Operations)  were net losses of $4.6 million and $3.8 million, respectively.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, fund and maintain our assets and operations, make interest payments and make distributions to our shareholders and other general business needs. Our liquidity and capital resources as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 included cash and cash equivalents of $130.9 million and $162.1 million, respectively. Our liquidity, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors that are beyond our control. Our near-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of acquiring and renovating properties, funding our operations and making interest payments and distributions to our shareholders. 
 The acquisition of properties involves the outlay of capital beyond payment of the purchase price, including payments for property inspections, closing costs, title insurance, transfer taxes, recording fees, broker commissions, property taxes or HOA fees in arrears. In addition, we also regularly make significant capital expenditures to renovate and maintain our properties. Our ultimate success will depend in part on our ability to make prudent, cost-effective decisions measured over the long term with respect to these expenditures. 
 In addition, we expect to continue our exit from our NPL business and to use the proceeds generated by such exit to reduce our corresponding debt. Under our joint venture agreement with Prime, we are expecting to sell all of the joint venture s remaining assets, which in aggregate totaled approximately $115.5 million as of September 30, 2016, by mid-2017. Accordingly, we have reclassified this activity to discontinued operations (see Note 14. Discontinued Operations.) 
 To qualify as a REIT, we will be required to distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and to pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we annually distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income. On October 14, 2016, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share, or $23.8 million to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 30, 2016. On July 15, 2016, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share, or $23.8 million to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 30, 2016. On April 15, 2016, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per common share, or $23.9 million to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2016. Any future distributions payable are indeterminable at this time except as disclosed in Note 17. Subsequent Events. 
 Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016, we have completed the following debt transactions (for further disclosure, see Note 7. Debt). 
 Secured Credit Facilities 
 JPMorgan 
 We are party to the JPMorgan Facility which was amended in June 2016. Borrowings under the JPMorgan Facility accrue interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.00%. Under the amended JPMorgan Facility, we pay a monthly fee no greater than 0.50% of the unused commitment for as long as the maximum commitments are $550.0 million or less. The JPMorgan Facility may be used for the  
 43 

acquisition, financing, and renovation of properties and other general purposes and it matures in July 2017. We are able to draw up to 65% of the   aggregate value of the eligible homes in the borrowing subsidiaries  portfolios based on the lesser of (a) the value of the homes or (b) the original purchase price plus certain renovation and other capitalized costs of the homes. As of   September 30, 2016     and December 31, 2015,   no balance   and   approximately     $477.3   million, respectively, was outstanding under the JPMorgan Facility and   $300.0   million and   $322.7   million, respectively, was available for future borrowings   subject to certain covenants and other bo  rrowing limitations  . The weighted-average interest rate for the   nine     months ended   September 30, 2016   was     3.6%  .   We retain the ability under the credit facility to increase the borrowing capacity up to $800.0 million upon consent of the lenders and the satis  faction of certain conditions.  
 CitiBank 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed SWAY s CitiBank Facility.  Borrowings under the CitiBank Facility accrue interest at LIBOR plus 2.95%. In addition, we pay a monthly fee that varies from zero to 0.25% of the unused commitment, depending upon the principal amount outstanding. The CitiBank Facility may be used for the acquisition, financing, and renovation of properties and other general purposes and it matures in February 2017, subject to a one-year extension option. Availability under the CitiBank Facility is limited by a formula equal to the lower of 60% of the acquisition cost of a home or 60% of its value (increasing to the lower of 65% of acquisition cost and initial capital expenditures or 70% of its value once a property is stabilized) as such value is established by independent BPOs. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $593.6 million was outstanding under the CitiBank Facility and $181.4 million was available for future borrowings subject to certain covenants and other borrowing limitations. The CitiBank Facility includes an accordion feature that may allow us to increase availability thereunder by $250.0 million, subject to meeting specified requirements and obtaining additional commitments.   The weighted-average interest rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.4%. In September 2016, the CitiBank Facility was amended to provide for our ability to reduce capital commitments under the facility, and we elected to voluntarily reduce borrowing availability from $925.0 million to $775.0 million at that time. 
 Master Repurchase Agreements 
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed SWAY s liability (in its capacity as guarantor) in a repurchase agreement between a subsidiary of Prime and Deutsche Bank AG.  The repurchase agreement is used to finance the acquired pools of NPLs secured by residential real property by Prime.  The repurchase agreement provided for maximum borrowings of up to $41.9 million as of September 30, 2016; however, thereafter the maximum borrowings will be reduced to an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding borrowings on any given date. The repurchase agreement matures on March 1, 2017, subject to a six-month extension option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the repurchase agreement. The repurchase agreement is secured, among other things, by equity interests in certain of Prime s subsidiaries. 
    
 Advances under the repurchase agreement accrue interest at a rate based on 30-day LIBOR (or the rate payable by a commercial paper conduit administered or managed by Deutsche Bank AG, to the extent Deutsche Bank AG utilizes such a commercial paper conduit to finance its advances under the repurchase agreement) plus 2.375%. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance on this facility was approximately $41.9 million. SWAY used advances under the master repurchase agreement to acquire NPLs during the year ended December 31, 2014. During 2015 and 2016, certain of the NPLs have been sold and a portion of the proceeds have been used for payments against the master repurchase agreement. As described below under Cash Flows ,  in August 2016, Prime sold substantially all of its NPLs and used part of the proceeds to reduce the outstanding balance under the repurchase agreement by $159.6 million.  
 The table below represents the weighted-average quarterly balance, maximum month-end balance and the quarter-end balance for each of the quarters in 2015 and 2016 (amounts in millions): 

44 

Convertible Senior Notes  
 In connection with the Merger, we assumed the Convertible Senior Notes described below. 
 On July 7, 2014, SWAY issued $230.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Convertible Notes. The sale of the 2019 Convertible Notes generated gross proceeds of $230.0 million and net proceeds of approximately $223.9 million, after deducting the initial purchasers  discounts and estimated offering expenses paid by us.  Interest on the 2019 Convertible Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2015. The 2019 Convertible Notes will mature on July 1, 2019. 
 On October 14, 2014, SWAY issued $172.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Convertible Notes. The sale of the 2017 Convertible Notes generated gross proceeds of $172.5 million and net proceeds of approximately $167.8 million, after deducting the initial purchasers  discounts and estimated offering expenses paid by us.  Interest on the 2017 Convertible Notes will be payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2015. The 2017 Convertible Notes will mature on October 15, 2017. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 During 2016, 2015 and 2014, we and SWAY completed mortgage loan transactions, each of which involved the issuance and sale in a private offering of Certificates issued by a Trust established by the respective companies. The Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in a loan secured by a portfolio of Properties contributed to a newly-formed SPE indirectly owned by us. 
 The assets of each Trust consist primarily of a single componentized promissory note issued by a Borrower, evidencing a Loan. Each Loan has a two-year term with three 12-month extension options and is guaranteed by the Equity Owner, also an SPE owned by us. Each Loan is secured by a pledge of all of the assets of the Borrower, including first-priority mortgages on its Properties, and the Equity Owner s obligations under its guaranty is secured by a pledge of all of the assets of the Equity Owner, including a security interest in the sole membership interest in the Borrower. 
 Each Loan agreement is between the Loan Seller and the Borrower.  The Loan Seller sold each Loan to a Depositor, which then transferred the Loan to the trustee of a Trust in exchange for the issuance of the Certificates.   
 In addition to the Offered Certificates, three of the Trusts issued principal-only certificates, identified as Class G certificates, which were retained by us.  Additionally, in connection with the mortgage loan transaction completed in June 2016, we retained an interest-bearing Class F certificate. 
 Interest Rate Caps and Swaps 
 Our objective in using derivative instruments is to manage our exposure to interest rate movements impacting interest expense on our borrowings. We use interest rate caps and swaps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with our existing variable-rate loans, secured credit facilities and master repurchase agreement. (See Note 12. Derivatives and Hedging.) 
 Distributions to Shareholders 
 We seek to generate income for distribution to our shareholders, typically by earning a spread between the yield on our stabilized portfolio of single-family rentals assets and the cost of borrowings. Our REIT taxable income, which serves as the basis for distributions to our shareholders, is generated primarily from this spread. C ash flows related to our stabilized portfolio of single-family rental homes are positive and sufficient to support distributions to our shareholders.  
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

45 

Our cash flows from operating activities primarily depend upon the occupancy level of our homes, the rental rates achieved on our leases, the collectability of rent from our residents and the level of our operating expenses and other general and administra  tive costs. Before any home we own begins generating revenue, we must take possession of, renovate, market and lease the home. In the meantime, we incur acquisition and investment pursuit costs, as well as both operating and overhead expenses, without corr  esponding revenue, which contributes to the use of cash in operating activities.   Additionally, cash used in operating activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included merger and transaction-related expenses.   During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016,   net cash provided by operating activities was   $60.2   million, which included   inflows of   $142.0   million from noncash adjustments to net   loss; offset in part by outflows of a net loss of   $75.3   million   and   $6.5   million from other changes in   operating assets and liabilities  .   During the nine months ended nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was   $74.6   million, which included inflows of   $98.9   million from noncash adjustments to net loss and   $18.5   millio  n from other changes in operating assets and liabilities; offset in part by   outflows   of   a net loss of     $42.9   million.  
 Our net cash used in investing activities is generally used to fund home acquisitions and capital expenditures for the renovation and other capital improvements to our real estate. Net cash provided by investing activities was $419.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due primarily to the net $56.1 million received as a result of the Merger and CAH reorganization, $216.4 million proceeds from the sales of real estate and $346.5 million received from liquidation, principal repayments and other proceeds on loans; offset in part by $127.6 million spent on the acquisition of homes and $66.4 million spent on the renovation of homes and other capital improvements to our real estate. Net cash used in investing activities was $336.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due primarily to the $157.8 million and $53.8 million spent on the acquisition and renovation of newly acquired homes, respectively, $228.6 million spent to originate new loans and $82.9 million spent on the acquisition of loans, offset in part by proceeds received for principal payments on loans of $125.3 million and proceeds received from the sale of real estate of $56.6 million.  
 Our net cash related to financing activities is generally affected by any borrowings, capital activities net of any dividends and distributions paid to our common shareholders and non-controlling interests. Our net cash used in financing activities was $510.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of $44.6 million used to repurchase our common shares, $900.0 million of payments against our secured credit facilities and master repurchase facility, $48.3 million used for dividend payments to common shareholders and distributions to preferred shareholders and $11.9 million used for a payment of deferred offering costs that was accelerated by the Merger; offset in part by $485.6 million of net proceeds from the issuance of mortgage loans and $42.4 million of borrowings on our secured credit facilities. Net cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $197.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily resulting from $640.1 million of net proceeds from the issuance of mortgage loans and borrowings on our secured credit facilities, which totaled $326.3 million, offset in part by payments against our JPMorgan Facility totaling $446.9 million and dividend payments and other distributions to non-controlling interests totaling $332.3 million. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies for disclosure of recent accounting pronouncements that may have an impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements, their presentation or disclosures. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have relationships with entities and/or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as SPEs or VIEs, in which we are not the primary beneficiary and therefore none of these such relationships or financial partnerships are consolidated in our operating results. We are not obligated to provide, nor have we provided, any financial support for any SPEs or VIEs. As such, the risk associated with our involvement is limited to the carrying value of our investment in these entities. Refer also to Note 7. Debt for further discussion and for discussion of guarantees and/or obligations arising from our financing activities. 
 46 

Aggregate Contractual Obligations  
 The following table summarizes the effect on our liquidity and cash flows from certain contractual obligations, including estimated interest, as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
 
 Reflects accepted offers on purchase contracts for properties acquired through individual broker transactions that involve submitting a purchase offer. Not all these properties are certain to be acquired as properties may fall out of escrow through the closing process for various reasons.    

(2)   
 
 Maturity dates assumes exercise of optional extension terms.    

 The table above does not include amounts due under the agreement we have with Prime as it does not have fixed and determinable payments. In addition, the table above does not give effect to the subsequent events described in Note 17. Subsequent Events or to any potential extension of term obligations. 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 NAREIT FFO and Core FFO 
 Funds from operations is used by industry analysts and investors as a supplemental performance measure of an equity REIT. Funds from operations is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT FFO ) as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated real estate assets, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, impairment of real estate assets, discontinued operations and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures.   
 We believe that NAREIT FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of the operating performance of our single-family rental business because historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, as reflected through depreciation. Because real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, management considers NAREIT FFO an appropriate supplemental performance measure because it excludes historical cost depreciation, as well as gains or losses related to sales of previously depreciated homes, from GAAP net income. By excluding depreciation, gains or losses on sales of real estate, impairment of real estate assets, discontinued operations and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, management uses NAREIT FFO to measure returns on its investments in real estate assets. However, because NAREIT FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of the homes that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures to maintain the operating performance of the homes, all of which have real economic effect and could materially affect our results from operations, the utility of NAREIT FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. 
 We believe that  Core FFO  is a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance for the same reasons as NAREIT FFO and is further helpful to investors as it provides a more consistent measurement of our performance across reporting periods by removing the impact of certain items that are not comparable from period to period. Our Core FFO begins with NAREIT FFO as defined by the NAREIT White Paper and is adjusted for share-based compensation, merger and transaction-related expenses, transitional (duplicative post-Merger) expenses, loss on derivative financial instruments, amortization of derivative financial instruments, severance expense, non-cash interest expense related to amortization of deferred financing costs and discounts on convertible senior notes, and other non-comparable items, as applicable. 
 47 

Management also believes that NAREIT FFO and Core FFO, combined with the required GAAP presentations, are   useful to investors in providing more meaningful comparisons of the operating performance of a company s real estate between periods or as compared to other companies. NAREIT FFO and Core FFO do not represent net income or cash flows from operations as def  ined by GAAP and are not intended to indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. It should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indicator of the REIT s operating performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.   Our NAREIT FFO and Core FFO may not be comparable to the NAREIT FFO of other REITs due to the fact that not all REITs use the NAREIT or similar Core FFO definitions.  
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net loss attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with GAAP and its calculation of NAREIT FFO and Core FFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The primary market risk that we are exposed to is interest rate risk. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily from our debt financing activities. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. Changes in interest rates may affect our financing interest rate expense. 
 We have and may undertake risk mitigation activities with respect to our debt financing interest rate obligations. We expect that our debt financing may at times be based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed spread over the relevant index, as determined by the particular financing arrangement. A significantly rising interest rate environment could have an adverse effect on the cost of our financing. To mitigate this risk, we use derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and interest rate caps in an effort to reduce the variability of earnings caused by changes in the interest rates we pay on our debt. 
 48 

These derivative transactions are entered into solely for risk management purposes, not for investment purposes. When undertaken, these derivative instruments likely will expose us to certain ri  sks such as price and interest rate fluctuations, timing risk, volatility risk, credit risk, counterparty risk and changes in the liquidity of markets. Therefore, although we expect to transact in these derivative instruments purely for risk management, th  ey may not adequately protect us from fluctuations in our financing interest rate obligations.  
 We currently borrow funds at variable rates using secured financings. As of September 30, 2016, we had recorded $3.3 billion of variable rate debt outstanding, of which $2.1 billion was effectively converted to fixed rate through swap contracts and $3.3 billion was protected by interest rate caps. The estimated aggregate fair market value of this debt was $3.3 billion. If the weighted-average interest rate on this variable rate debt had been 100 basis points higher or lower, the annual interest expense would increase or decrease by $12.6 million, respectively. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 
 Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

49 

PART   II  
 OTHER INFORMATION 
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Between October 26, 2015 and October 28, 2015, our board of trustees received two litigation demand letters on behalf of our purported shareholders. The letters alleged, among other things, that our trustees breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Merger and the Internalization, and demanded that our board of trustees take action, including by pursuing litigation against our trustees. Our board of trustees referred these letters to the special committee of our board of trustees formed in connection with the Internalization for review and a recommendation. On November 5, 2015, after considering the allegations made in the letters, and upon the recommendation of the special committee, our board of trustees (with Messrs. Sternlicht, Brien and Sossen recusing themselves) voted to reject the demands.  
 On October 30, 2015, a putative class action was filed by Plaintiff (i.e., one of our purported shareholders) against the Defendants (i.e., us, our trustees, the Manager, SWAY Holdco, LLC, Starwood Capital Group and CAH) challenging the Merger and the Internalization. The case is captioned South Miami Pension Plan v. Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, et al., Circuit Court for Baltimore City, State of Maryland, Case No. 24C15005482. The complaint alleged, among other things, that some or all of our trustees breached their fiduciary duties by approving the Merger and the Internalization, and that the other defendants aided and abetted those alleged breaches. The complaint also challenged the adequacy of the public disclosures made in connection with the Merger and the Internalization. Plaintiff sought, among other relief, an injunction preventing our shareholders from voting on the Internalization or the Merger, rescission of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and damages, including attorneys  fees and experts  fees.  
 On December 4, 2015, Plaintiff filed a motion seeking a preliminary injunction preventing our shareholders from voting on whether to approve the Merger and the Internalization. On December 16, 2015, the day before the shareholder vote, the Court denied Plaintiff s preliminary injunction motion. Plaintiff thereafter notified the Defendants that it intended to file an amended complaint. Plaintiff filed its amended complaint on February 3, 2016, asserting substantially similar claims and seeking substantially similar relief as in its earlier complaint. In response, Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March 21, 2016, on which the Court held a hearing on June 1, 2016. We believe that this action has no merit and intend to defend vigorously against it. 
 From time to time, we are party to claims and routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that the results of any such claims or litigation individually, or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. See Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited), Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
     Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Except as disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the months ended June 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on February 29, 2016. 
   
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On May 6, 2015, our board of trustees authorized the 2015 Program and, on January 27, 2016, our board of trustees authorized an increase and extension to the 2015 Program. Under the program, we may repurchase up to $250.0 million of our common shares beginning May 6, 2015 and ending May 6, 2017. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not repurchase any common shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 2.0 million common shares for $44.6 million under the 2015 Program.  

50 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
     Item 5. Other Information 
 Securitization and Loan 
 Securitization Transaction 
 On November 3, 2016, the Company completed its sixth securitization transaction, which involved the issuance and sale in a private offering of single-family rental pass-through certificates (the  Certificates ) issued by a trust (the  Trust ) established by the Company. The Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in a loan secured by a portfolio of approximately 4,000 single-family homes operated as rental properties (collectively, the  Properties ) contributed from the Company s portfolio of single-family homes to a newly-formed special purpose entity indirectly owned by the Company. Net proceeds from the offering to third parties were distributed to the Company s operating partnership, Colony Starwood Homes Partnership, L.P., after payment of transaction expenses. The Company expects to use remaining proceeds to repay a portion of the indebtedness outstanding under the Amended and Restated Master Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2014, with CitiBank, N.A. and a syndicate of lenders and general corporate purposes.  
 The Company sold $580.7 million of Certificates at a weighted-average blended interest rate of LIBOR plus 186 basis points to investors   and retained the junior most $30.6 million principal only Certificates (the Class G Certificates). 
 Each class of pass-through certificate (other than Class G and Class R) accrues interest at a rate based on one-month LIBOR plus a fixed-rate spread. The table below shows the initial balance and pass-through rate for each class of the certificates offered to investors (the  Offered Certificates ) (amounts in thousands). 

As part of the securitization transaction, various subsidiaries of the Company, through both distributions and contributions, transferred the Properties to Borrower (as defined below), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, which then entered into the Loan Agreement. The Loan (as defined below) was deposited into a trust in exchange for the pass-through certificates. The pass-through certificates represent the entire beneficial interest in the trust.  The Certificates (other than the Class G) were sold to qualified institutional buyers and non-U.S. persons through the placement agents retained for the transaction pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144A and Regulation S, respectively, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 51 

Loan Agreement  
 On November 3, 2016, CSH 2016-2 Borrower, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Borrower ), entered into a loan agreement (the  Loan Agreement ), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ( JPMorgan ), as lender ( Lender ). Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, Borrower borrowed $611.3 million (the  Loan ) from Lender.  The Loan is a two-year, floating rate loan, composed of six floating rate components, each of which is computed monthly based on one-month LIBOR plus a fixed component spread, and one fixed rate component. Interest on the Loan is paid monthly. As part of certain lender requirements in connection with the securitization transaction described above, Borrower entered into an interest rate cap agreement for the initial two-year term of the Loan, with a one-month LIBOR-based strike rate equal to 3.74419%. 
 For purposes of computing, among other things, interest accrued on the Loan, the Loan is divided into seven components designated as  Component A,   Component B,   Component C,   Component D,   Component E   Component F  and  Component G . The following table shows the initial principal amount and the interest rate for each Component A through G (amounts in thousands).  

The Loan is secured by first priority mortgages on the Properties, which are owned by the Borrower.  The Loan is also secured by a first priority pledge of the equity interests of the Borrower.  The initial maturity date of the Loan is December 3, 2018 (the  Initial Maturity Date ). Borrower has the option to extend the Loan beyond the Initial Maturity Date for three successive one-year terms, provided that there is no event of default under the Loan Agreement on each maturity date, Borrower obtains a replacement interest rate cap agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Lender and Borrower complies with the other terms set forth in the Loan Agreement.  The Loan Agreement requires that Borrower comply with various affirmative and negative covenants that are customary for loans of this type, including limitations on indebtedness Borrower can incur, limitations on sales and dispositions of the Properties, required maintenance of specified cash reserves, and various restrictions on the use of cash generated by the operations of the Properties while the Loan is outstanding. The Loan Agreement also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which would allow the Lender accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding thereunder and to require that all of the rental income associated with the real estate properties of the Borrower, after payment of specified operating expenses, asset management fees and interest, be required to prepay the Loan. 
 In connection with the Loan, the Company provided the Lender with a limited recourse guaranty agreement under which it agreed to indemnify the Lender against specified losses due to fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication of funds, physical waste, breaches of specified representations, warranties and covenants, as well as a guaranty of the entire amount of the Loan, not to exceed the greater of (i) $35,000,000 (or if less, the entire outstanding balance of the Components A through F) and (ii) thirty-five percent of the aggregate outstanding balance of Components A through F, in the event that the Borrower files insolvency proceedings or violates certain covenants that result in its being substantively consolidated with any other entity that is subject to a bankruptcy proceeding.   
 This description of the Loan Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Loan Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference and are listed in the attached Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

52 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

COLONY STARWOOD HOMES  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Fred Tuomi   

Fred Tuomi  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Arik Prawer  

Arik Prawer  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

53 

Exhibit No.  

Exhibit Description  

2.1  

Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2015, among Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P., Starwood Waypoint Residential Partnership, L.P. and SWAY Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2015)  

2.2  

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 21, 2015, among Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, Starwood Waypoint Residential Partnership, L.P., SWAY Holdco, LLC, Colony American Homes, Inc., CAH Operating Partnership, L.P., and the parties identified therein as the Colony Stockholders, the Colony Unitholders and the Colony Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2015)  

2.3  

Amendment to Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2015, among Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P., Starwood Waypoint Residential Partnership, L.P. and SWAY Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2016)  

3.1  

Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of Colony Starwood Homes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2016)  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Colony Starwood Homes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2016)  

10.1  

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 4, 2016, among Colony Starwood Homes and the other stated parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Colony Starwood Homes  Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 11, 2016)  

10.2  

Loan Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2016, between CSH 2016-2 Borrower, LLC, as Borrower, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Lender  

31.1  

Certification pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  

Certification pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  

Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2  

Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

EX   101.INS  

XBRL Instance document  

EX   101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy extension schema document  

EX   101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy extension calculation linkbase document  

EX   101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy extension definition linkbase document  

EX   101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy extension labels linkbase document  

EX   101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy extension presentation linkbase document  

54  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 sfr-ex102_221.htm
 EX-10.2

sfr-ex102_221.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2 
 LOAN AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of November 3, 2016 
 Between 
 CSH 2016-2 BORROWER, LLC  as Borrower  
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ,   as Lender  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

- i - 

- ii - 

- iii - 

- iv - 

- v - 

- vi - 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS  
  Schedules : 

Schedule I  
 
 -  
 
 Allocated Loan Amounts  

Schedule II.A  
 
 -  
 
 Closing Date Properties Schedule  

Schedule II.B  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Monthly Properties Schedule  

Schedule II.C  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Quarterly Investor Rollup Report  

Schedule III  
 
 -  
 
 Exceptions to Representations and Warranties  

Schedule IV  
 
 -  
 
 Chief Executive Office, Prior Names and Employer Identification Number  

Schedule V  
 
 -  
 
 Periodic Rating Agency Information  

Schedule VI  
 
 -  
 
 Midland Loan Services   CSH 2016-2 CMBS Asset Management Fees  

Schedule VII  
 
 -  
 
 Specified Liens  

Schedule VIII  
 
 -  
 
 Colorado and Nevada HOA Schedule  

Schedule IX  
 
 -  
 
 Applicable HOA Properties  

Schedule X  
 
 -  
 
 Vacant Properties  

Exhibits : 

Exhibit A  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Blocked Account Control Agreement  

Exhibit B  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Compliance Certificate  

Exhibit C  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Deposit Account Control Agreement  

Exhibit D  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Request for Release  

Exhibit E  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Closing Date GRC Certificate  

Exhibit F  
 
 -  
 
 Form of Closing Date OSN Certificate  

- vii - 

LOAN AGREEMENT  
 THIS LOAN AGREEMENT , dated as of November 3, 2016 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this   Agreement  ), between  CSH 2016-2 BORROWER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, having its principal place of business at 8655 East Hartford Drive, Suite 200, Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 (  Borrower  ), and  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a banking association chartered under the laws of the United States of America, having an address at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (  Lender  ).  
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS , Borrower desires to obtain the Loan (as hereinafter defined) from Lender; and  
 WHEREAS , Lender is willing to make the Loan to Borrower, subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined).  
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the making of the Loan by Lender and the covenants, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby covenant, agree, represent and warrant as follows:  
             Article I              - DEFINITIONS; PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION  
             Section 1.1   Definitions  .  For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly required or unless the context clearly indicates a contrary intent:  
   Acceptable Blanket Policy   has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.1.1(e) . 
   Acceptable Counterparty   means a counterparty to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement (or the guarantor of such counterparty s obligations) that (i) has and shall maintain, until the expiration of the applicable Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (x) a long-term unsecured debt rating of not less than  A  by S P and (y) a long-term unsecured debt rating of not less than  A2  from Moody s or (ii) is otherwise acceptable to the Approved Rating Agencies, as evidenced by a Rating Agency Confirmation to the effect that such counterparty shall not cause a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the ratings assigned, or to be assigned, to the Securities or any class thereof in any Securitization. 
   Acknowledgment   means the Consent of Counterparty, dated on or about the Closing Date made by Counterparty, or as applicable, Acceptable Counterparty. 
     Actual Rent Collections   means, for any period of determination, the actual cash collections of Rents in respect of the Properties by Borrower;  provided , that (i) if Advance Rents collected during the applicable calendar month exceed the Advance Rent Threshold for such month, then collections of Advance Rent for such calendar month shall be allocated to the applicable calendar month set forth in the Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule and (ii) collections of Rent that was payable with respect to a calendar month but was paid late will  
 - 8 - 

be allocated to such calendar month if received prior to the date that is forty-five (45) days from but excluding the last day of the calendar quarter that includes such calendar month.  
   Additional Insolvency Opinion   means a non-consolidation opinion letter delivered in connection with the Loan subsequent to the Closing Date, in form and substance and from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Lender and, following a Securitization, as to which a Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained. 
   Advance Rent   means, for any given month, any Rent that has been prepaid more than one (1) month in advance, as measured from the date of determination. 
   Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule   means a schedule showing the Payment Dates to which Advance Rents received by Borrower are applicable and should be disbursed from the Advance Rent Subaccount to the Cash Management Account. 
   Advance Rent Funds   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.7.1 . 
   Advance Rent Subaccount   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.7.1 . 
   Advance Rent Threshold   means, for the applicable month, an amount equal to one percent (1%) of all Rents collected during such month.   
   Affected Property   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.4.2(a) . 
   Affiliate   means, as to any Person, any other Person that (i) owns directly or indirectly forty-nine percent (49%) or more of all equity interests in such Person, and/or (ii) is in Control of, is Controlled by or is under common ownership or Control with such Person, and/or (iii) is a director or officer of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person. 
   Agreement   has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
   Allocated Loan Amount   means for a Property the amount set forth on  Schedule I , as the same may be reduced pursuant to  Section 2.4.4(f) ;  provided  that (i) if a single Substitute Property is substituted for an Affected Property or portfolio of Affected Properties pursuant to  Section 2.4.2(a) , then the initial Allocated Loan Amount of such Substitute Property shall be the Allocated Loan Amount of such Affected Property (or the aggregate Allocated Loan Amounts of such Affected Properties) immediately prior to its (or their) substitution, and (ii) if two (2) or more Substitute Properties are substituted for a Affected Property or portfolio of Affected Properties pursuant to  Section 2.4.2(a) , then the initial Allocated Loan Amount of each such Substitute Property shall be a  pro rata  portion of the Allocated Loan Amount of such Affected Property (or the aggregate Allocated Loan Amounts of such Affected Properties) immediately prior to its (or their) substitution, with such  pro rata  portion determined based on the BPO Values of the Substitute Properties.  For the avoidance of doubt, in connection with calculating the payments contemplated by this Agreement, Lender will determine the Allocated Loan Amount for any individual Property as of the date Lender received notice of the prepayment from Borrower. 
   ALTA   means American Land Title Association, or any successor thereto. 
 - 9 - 

Annual Budget    means the operating budget, including all planned Capital Expenditures, for the Properties prepared by Borrower in accordance with   Section 4.3.2   for the applicable calendar year, prepared on a month-by-month basis.  
   Anti-Money Laundering Laws     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.1.19 . 
   Applicable HOA Properties   means with respect to any Applicable HOA State, (i) all HOA Properties located in such Applicable HOA State except for any Property (A)(1) as to which any Liens for HOA Fees are expressly subordinated to the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering such Property and (2) the applicable Title Insurance Policy insures against any loss sustained by Lender if such liens for HOA Fees, including after-arising HOA liens, have Priority with respect to the Lien of the Mortgage that encumbers such Property or (B) with respect to which Borrower (x) delivered to Lender an opinion, satisfactory to Lender, from a nationally recognized law firm (or one with prominent standing in the applicable state) that affirmatively concludes that any Liens for HOA Fees (including future-arising Liens for HOA Fees) would not have Priority and (y) delivers to Lender an updated legal opinion with the same conclusion (which may be in the form of a bring-down or date-down opinion with respect to an earlier delivered opinion) within twenty (20) Business Days after June 30 and December 31 of each calendar year, commencing with June 30, 2017, and (ii) all HOA Properties located in such Applicable HOA State designated as an Applicable HOA Property pursuant to  Section 4.3.17(b) . 
   Applicable HOA State   means (i) a state in which, pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, (A) a Lien in favor of an HOA may be created through the non-payment of HOA Fees assessed against a Property by such HOA and (B) any such Lien would have Priority or (ii) a state designated as an Applicable HOA State pursuant to  Section 4.3.17(b) .  For the avoidance of doubt, if any reported decision of a state appellate court would result in the foregoing  clauses (i)(A)  and  (i)(B)  applying in such state or if the legal opinion described in clause (B)(x) of the definition of  Applicable HOA Properties  in respect of a state, is conditioned on the presence of subordination language or the absence of provisions which would otherwise allow a Lien for HOA Fees to extinguish the Lien of a mortgage upon the valid and proper foreclosure of such Lien for HOA Fees, then such state shall constitute an Applicable HOA State. 
   Approved Annual Budget   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.2 . 
   Approved Capital Expenditures   means Capital Expenditures incurred by Borrower and either (i) if no Cash Sweep Period is continuing, included in the Annual Budget or, if during a Cash Sweep Period, in an Approved Annual Budget or (ii) approved by Lender, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  For the avoidance of doubt, any budgeted Capital Expenditure amount for a calendar month may be carried forward if unused in such calendar month;  provided ,  however , no such unused amount may be carried over from the last calendar month of any Approved Annual Budget to the first calendar month of the next Approved Annual Budget. 
   Approved Extraordinary Expense     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.6.4 . 
   Approved Initial Budget     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.2 . 
 - 10 - 

Approved Rating Agencies    means each of the nationally-recognized statistical rating agencies which has been approved by Lender and designated by Lender to assign a rating to the Securities.  
   Assignment of Management Agreement   means (i) with respect to Manager, an Assignment of Management Agreement and Subordination of Management Fees among Lender, Borrower and Manager, substantially in the form delivered on the Closing Date by Borrower, Existing Manager and Lender and (ii) with respect to any Person providing property management services to Manager with respect to the Properties pursuant to a sub-management agreement, an Assignment of Management Agreement and Subordination of Management Fees among Lender, Manager, and such Person, substantially in the form delivered on the Closing Date by Existing Manager, Lender and the Persons providing property management services to Manager with respect to the Properties as of the Closing Date, in the case of each of  clause (i)  and  clause (ii) , as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Assumed Note Rate   means (i) with respect to each Floating Rate Component of the Loan, an interest rate equal to the sum of (A) one-half of one percent (0.50%)  plus  (B) the applicable Floating Rate Component Spread  plus  (C) LIBOR as determined on the preceding Determination Date and (ii) with respect to Component G, the Component G Interest Rate. 
   Available Cash     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.6 . 3(j) . 
   Award   means any compensation paid by any Governmental Authority in connection with a Condemnation. 
   Bankruptcy Action   means, with respect to any Person: 
 (i)  such Person shall fail generally to pay its debts as they come due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any case or other proceeding shall be instituted by such Person seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of it or its debts under the Bankruptcy Code; or such Person shall take any corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company action to authorize any of such actions; or 
 (ii)  a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person in any court seeking the liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar action with respect to such Person under the Bankruptcy Code, and (A) such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (B) an order for relief in respect of such Person shall be entered in such case or proceeding or a decree or order granting such other requested relief shall be entered. 
 - 11 - 

Bankruptcy Code    means Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C.  101,   et seq  ., as the same may be amended from time to time, and any successor statute or statutes and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder, and any comparable foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or creditors  rights or any other Federal, state, local or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law.  
   Blocked Account Control Agreement   means the Cash Management Agreement among Borrower, Cash Management Account Bank and Lender providing for the exclusive control of the Cash Management Account and all other Subaccounts by Lender, substantially in the form of  Exhibit A  or such other form as may be reasonably acceptable to Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Borrower   has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto, together with its successors and permitted assigns. 
   Borrower   Security Agreement   means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower in favor of Lender., as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time 
   Borrower TRS   means CSH 2016-2 TRS Borrower, LLC, a wholly-owned Delaware limited liability company subsidiary of Borrower that is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a  taxable REIT subsidiary . 
   Borrower s Operating Account     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.1.15 . 
   Borrower TRS Guaranty   means that certain Guaranty (Borrower TRS), dated as of the date hereof, executed by Borrower TRS in favor of Lender. 
   Borrower TRS s Permitted Indebtedness   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.2 . 
   Borrower TRS Security Agreement   means that certain Security Agreement (Borrower TRS), dated as of the date hereof, executed by Borrower TRS in favor of Lender. 
   BPO Value   means, with respect to any Property, the  as is  value for such Property set forth in a Broker Price Opinion obtained by Lender with respect to a Property. 
   Breakage Costs   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.2.3(e) . 
   Broker Price Opinion   means a broker price opinion obtained by Lender. 
   Business Day   means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which national banks in New York, New York, or the place of business of the trustee under a Securitization (or, if no Securitization has occurred, Lender), or any Servicer or the financial institution that maintains any collection account for or on behalf of any Servicer or any Reserve Funds or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business. 
 - 12 - 

Calculation Date    means the last day of each calendar quarter during the Term, commencing with the calendar quarter ended March 31, 2017.  
   Cap Receipts   means all amounts received by Borrower pursuant to an Interest Rate Cap Agreement. 
   Capital Expenditure Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.3.1 . 
   Capital Expenditure Subaccount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.3.1 . 
   Capital Expenditures   means, for any period, the amount expended for items capitalized under GAAP (including expenditures for building improvements and major repairs but excluding leasing commissions). 
   Carry-Over Property   means a Property that is occupied by a Carry-Over Tenant at the time of acquisition of such Property by Borrower s Affiliate. 
   Carry-Over Tenant   means one or more individuals who, at the time of acquisition of a Property by Borrower s Affiliate, occupy such Property. 
   Cash Collateral Floor     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.6.2 . 
   Cash Collateral Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.6.1 . 
   Cash Collateral Subaccount   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.6.1 . 
   Cash Management Account   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.6.2(a) . 
   Cash Management Account Bank   means the Eligible Institution selected by Lender to maintain the Cash Management Account. 
   Cash Sweep Period   shall commence upon the occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of a Low Debt Yield Period; and shall end if, (A) with respect to a Cash Sweep Period continuing pursuant to  clause (i) , the Event of Default commencing the Cash Sweep Period has been cured and such cure has been accepted by Lender (and no other Event of Default is then continuing) or (B) with respect to a Cash Sweep Period continuing due to  clause (ii) , the Low Debt Yield Period has ended pursuant to the terms hereof. 
   Casualty   has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.2 . 
   Casualty and Condemnation Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.4 . 
   Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.4 . 
   Casualty Consultant     has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.4(d)(iii) . 
   Casualty Retainage     has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.4(d)(iv) . 
 - 13 - 

Casualty     Threshold Amount    means, with respect to all Casualties arising from any single Casualty event, an amount equal to two percent (2%) of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the date of such Casualty Event.  
   Closing Date   means the date of the funding of the Loan. 
   Closing Date Debt Yield   means 6.59%. 
   Closing Date GRC Certificate   means a certificate from GRC in substantially the form of  Exhibit E  without any material exceptions. 
   Closing Date HOA Opinions   means the opinions of counsels to Borrower executed and delivered on or prior to the Closing Date. 
   Closing Date OSN Certificate   means a certificate from OS National, LLC in substantially the form of  Exhibit F  without any material exceptions. 
   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
   Collateral   means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property in which Liens are purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents as security for the Obligations. 
   Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.2.7(a) . 
   Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents   means a Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents for each Property or for multiple Properties located within the same county or parish, dated as of the Closing Date (or, in connection with a Property which is a Substitute Property, dated as of the date of the substitution), executed and delivered by Borrower, constituting an assignment of the Lease or the Leases, as applicable, and the proceeds thereof as Collateral for the Loan, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.  The Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents may be included as part of the Mortgage for such Property or Properties. 
   Collateral Documents   means the Borrower Security Agreement, the Equity Owner Security Agreement, the Borrower TRS Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Control Agreement, each Deposit Account Control Agreement, each Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement, each Assignment of Management Agreement, each Mortgage Document and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in order to grant to Lender a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of that Loan Party as security for the Obligations, as the same may be (and each of the foregoing defined terms shall refer to such documents as they may be) amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
     Collections   means, without duplication, with respect to any Property, all Rents, Insurance Proceeds (whether or not Lender elects to treat any such Insurance Proceeds as business or rental interruption Insurance Proceeds pursuant to  Section 5.4(d)  but subject to the  
 - 14 - 

rights of Borrower to retain and/or apply any such Insurance Proceeds under   Article V  ), Condemnation Proceeds (subject to the rights of Borrower to retain and/or apply any such Condemnation Proceeds under   Article V  ), Net Transfer Proceeds, Cap Receipts, interest on amounts on deposit in the Cash Management Account and on the Reserve Funds, amounts paid by Borrower  (or Borrower TRS) to the Cash Management Account pursuant to this Agreement, and all other payments received with respect to such Property and all  proceeds  (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) of such Property.  For the avoidance of doubt, Collections shall not include security deposits that have not been forfeited by the applicable Tenant.  
   Compliance Certificate   means the certificate in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B . 
   Component   means individually or collectively, as the context may require, any one of Component A, Component B, Component C, Component D, Component E, Component F and Component G, each as more particularly set forth in  Section 2.1.2 . 
   Component G Interest Rate   means a rate of five ten thousandths of one percent (0.0005%)  per annum . 
   Component Outstanding Principal Balance   means, as of any given date, with respect to each Component, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Component. 
   Concessions   means, for any period of determination, the concessions (other than free Rent) provided with respect to the Properties by Borrower, as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
   Condemnation   means a temporary or permanent taking by any Governmental Authority as the result or in lieu or in anticipation of the exercise of the right of condemnation or eminent domain, of all or any part of any Property, or any interest therein or right accruing thereto, including any right of access thereto or any change of grade affecting such Property or any part thereof. 
   Condemnation Proceeds   has the meaning set forth in the definition of  Net Proceeds . 
   Connection Income Taxes   means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
   Contest Security   means any security delivered to Lender by Borrower under  Section 4.1.3  or  Section 4.4.5 . 
   Control   means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or activities of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.   Controlled  and  Controlling  shall have correlative meanings. 
 - 15 - 

Counterparty    means, with respect to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Asociation, and with respect to any Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement, any Acceptable Counterparty thereunder.  
   Counterparty Opinion     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.2.7(e) . 
   Covered Disclosure Information     has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.1.1(b) . 
   Covered Rating Agency Information     has the meaning set forth in  Section 9.13(d) . 
   Cure Period   means, (i) with respect to the failure of any Property to qualify as an Eligible Property (other than with respect to the failure of a Property to comply with the representation in  Section 3.2.20 ) if such failure is reasonably susceptible of cure, a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of actual knowledge of such condition by a Responsible Officer of Borrower or Manager or notice thereof by Lender to Borrower;  provided  that, if Borrower is diligently pursuing such cure during such thirty (30) day period and such failure is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such thirty (30) day period, then such cure period shall be extended for another ninety (90) days so long as Borrower continues to diligently pursue such cure and,  provided ,  further , that if the Obligations have been accelerated pursuant to  Section 7.1(b) , then the cure period hereunder shall be reduced to zero (0) days and (ii) with respect to the failure of a Property to comply with the representation in  Section 3.2.20 , zero (0) days.  If any failure of any Property to qualify as an Eligible Property is not reasonably susceptible of cure, then no cure period shall be available.  If any failure of any Property to qualify as an Eligible Property is due to a Voluntary Action, then no cure period shall be available. 
   Cut-Off Date   means August 1, 2016. 
   Debt   means the outstanding principal amount set forth in, and evidenced by, this Agreement and the Note together with all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other sums (including, but not limited to, any Spread Maintenance Payment, Interest Shortfall and/or Breakage Costs, if applicable) due to Lender in respect of the Loan under the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage Documents, the Environmental Indemnity or any other Loan Document. 
   Debt Service   means, with respect to any period of determination, the interest payments due under the Note for such period. 
   Debt Service Coverage Ratio   means, as of any date of determination, a ratio in which: 
 (i)  the numerator is the Underwritten Net Cash Flow calculated for the twelve (12) month period ending on the Initial Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable; and 
   (ii)  the denominator is the aggregate debt service for the twelve (12) month period following such date of determination, calculated as the sum of (A) with respect to Component A, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component A as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating  
 - 16 - 

Rate Component Spread for Component A and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (B) with respect to Component B, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component B as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate Component Spread for Component B and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (C) with respect to Component C, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component C as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate Component Spread for Component C and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (D) with respect to Component D, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component D as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate Component Spread for Component D and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (E) with respect to Component E, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component E as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate Component Spread for Component E and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (F) with respect to Component F, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component F as of such date and (2) an interest rate equal to the sum of (x) the Floating Rate Component Spread for Component F and (y) the Strike Price described in   clause (ii)   of the definition of Strike Price, (G) with respect to Component G, the product of (1) the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for Component G as of such date and (2) the Component G Interest Rate, and (H) the regular monthly fee of the certificate administrator (deemed to be $5,650 per month) and the trustee (deemed to be $250 per month) under the Servicing Agreement.  
   Debt Yield   means, as of any date of determination, a fraction expressed as a percentage in which: 
 (i)  the numerator is the Underwritten Net Cash Flow; and 
 (ii)  the denominator is the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
   Default   means the occurrence of any event hereunder or under any other Loan Document which, but for the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
   Default Rate   means, with respect to each Floating Rate Component of the Loan, a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Legal Rate or (ii) three percent (3%) above the Interest Rate applicable to such Component. 
   Deposit Account Control Agreement   means the Blocked Account Control Agreement (Shifting Control) dated the Closing Date among Borrower, Lender and a Rent Deposit Bank, providing for springing control by Lender, substantially in the form set forth as  Exhibit C  attached hereto or such other form as may be reasonably acceptable to Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 - 17 - 

Designated HOA Properties    means, with respect to any state, HOA Properties located in such state that (i) were not Applicable HOA Properties on the Closing Date, (ii) become Applicable HOA Properties after the Closing Date and (iii) all such Applicable HOA Properties are designated by Borrower to Lender in writing as Designated HOA Properties.  
   Determination Date   means, with respect to each Interest Period, the date that is two (2) London Business Days prior to the commencement date of such Interest Period. 
   Disclosure Documents   means, collectively, any written materials used or provided to any prospective investors and/or the Approved Rating Agencies in connection with any public offering or private placement in connection with a Securitization (including, without limitation, a prospectus, prospectus supplement, private placement memorandum, offering memorandum, offering circular, term sheet, road show presentation materials or other offering documents, marketing materials or information provided to prospective investors), in each case in preliminary or final form and including any amendments, supplements, exhibits, annexes and other attachments thereto. 
   Disqualified Property   means any Property that fails to constitute an Eligible Property (after the lapse of any applicable Cure Period). 
   Eligibility Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.5.1 . 
   Eligibility Requirements   means, with respect to any Person, the requirement that such Person has a Net Assets of not less than $300,000,000.00 (exclusive of such Person s direct or indirect interest in the Properties and Borrower). 
   Eligibility Reserve Subaccount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.5.1 . 
   Eligible Account   means a separate and identifiable account from all other funds held by the holding institution that is an account or accounts (or subaccounts thereof) maintained with a federal or state-chartered depository institution or trust company which complies with the definition of Eligible Institution.  An Eligible Account will not be evidenced by a certificate of deposit, passbook or other instrument. 
   Eligible Institution   means: 
 (i)  PNC Bank, National Association so long as PNC Bank, National Association s long term unsecured debt or deposit rating shall be at least  A2  from Moody s and the equivalent by KBRA (if then rated by KBRA) (if the deposits are to be held in the applicable account for more than 30 days) or PNC Bank, National Association s short term deposit or short term unsecured debt rating shall be at least  P-1  from Moody s and the equivalent by KBRA (if then rated by KBRA) (if the deposits are to be held in the applicable account for 30 days or less); or 
   (ii)  a depository institution or trust company insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation the short term unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper of which are rated at least A 1 by S P, P-1 by Moody s, and F-1+ by Fitch in the case of accounts in which funds are held for thirty (30) days or less or, in the case of Letters of  
 - 18 - 

Credit or accounts in which funds are held for more than thirty (30) days, the long term unsecured debt obligations of which are rated at least (i)  AA  by S P, (ii)  AA  and/or  F1+  (for securities) and/or  AAAmmf  (for money market funds), by Fitch and (iii)  Aa2  by Moody s.  
   Eligible Lease   means, as of any date of determination, a Lease for a Property that satisfies all of the following: 
 (i)  the form of Lease reflects customary market standard terms; 
 (ii)  the Lease is entered into on an arms-length basis without payment support by any Borrower or its Affiliates ( provided , that any incentives offered to Tenants shall not be deemed to constitute such payment support); 
 (iii)    for any Lease entered into after the date hereof, such Lease had, as of its commencement date, an initial Lease term of at least six months; 
 (iv)  the Lease is consistent with Borrower s internal leasing guidelines; 
 (v)  the Lease is to a bona fide third-party Tenant; and 
 (vi)  the Lease is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects. 
   Eligible Property   means, as of any date of determination, a Property that is in compliance with each of the Property Representations and each of the Property Covenants;  provided , that for purposes of determining whether a Property is in compliance with the representation in the last sentence of  Section 3.2.15 , such sentence shall be read as if it was not qualified by Borrower s knowledge. 
   Eligible Tenant   means, as of any date of determination, a bona fide third party lessee of a Property who satisfies each of the following criteria: 
 (i)  the Tenant is not subject to an ongoing Bankruptcy Action as of the date such Tenant is initially screened by Borrower prior to its execution of a Lease; 
 (ii)  at the time of initial screening, the Tenant is not listed on any Government List; and 
 (iii)  the Tenant otherwise generally conforms to Borrower s internal tenant leasing criteria in all material respects at the time such Tenant is screened by Borrower. 
   Embargoed Person   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.16 . 
   Environmental Indemnity   means that certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower in connection with the Loan for the benefit of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 - 19 - 

Equity Interests    means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests, beneficial interests or other equity ownership interests in such Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest from such Person.  
   Equity Owner   means CSH 2016-2 Equity Owner, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
   Equity Owner Guaranty   means that certain Equity Owner Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Equity Owner Security Agreement   means that certain Equity Owner Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Equity Owner s Permitted Indebtedness     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.2 . 
   ERISA   means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 
   ERISA Affiliate   means any corporation or trade or business that is a member of any group of organizations (i) described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code of which another entity is a member or (ii) described in Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which another entity is a member, except that this  clause (ii)  shall apply solely for purposes of potential liability under Section 302(b) of ERISA and Section 412(b) of the Code and the lien created under Section 303(k) of ERISA and Section 430(k) of the Code. 
   ERISA Event   means (i) the failure to pay a minimum required contribution or installment to a Plan on or before the due date provided under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA, (ii) the filing of an application with respect to a Plan for a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA, (iii) the failure of a Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to pay a required contribution or installment to a Multiemployer Plan on or before the applicable due date, (iv) any officer of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that a Plan is in  at risk  status within the meaning of Section 430(i) of the Code or Section 303(i) of ERISA or (v) the occurrence of a Plan Termination Event. 
   ERISA Plan     has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1.9(a) . 
   Event of Default     has the meaning set forth in  Section 7.1(a) . 
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
     Excluded Taxes   means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to Lender, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes,  
 - 20 - 

in each case, (A) imposed as a result of Lender being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (B) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (A) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or (B) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to   Section 2.7  , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with   Section 2.7(e)   and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.  
   Existing Management Agreement   means that certain Management Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between Borrower and Existing Manager, pursuant to which Existing Manager provides management and other services with respect to the Properties, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Existing Manager   means Colony Starwood Homes Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
   Extended Maturity Date     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.8 . 
   Extension Option     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.8 . 
   Extension Term     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.8 . 
   Extraordinary Expense     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.6.4 . 
   FATCA   means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
   Fitch   means Fitch, Inc. 
   Fixture Filing   means, with respect to any jurisdiction in which any Property or Properties are located in which a separate, stand alone fixture filing is required or generally recorded or filed pursuant to the local law or custom (as reasonably determined by Lender), a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement (or other form of financing statement required in the jurisdiction in which the applicable Property or Properties are located) recorded or filed in the real estate records in which the applicable Property or Properties are located. 
     Floating Rate Component Prime Rate Spread   means, in connection with any conversion of the Loan from a LIBOR Loan to a Prime Rate Loan, with respect to each Floating Rate Component of the Loan, the difference (expressed as the number of basis points) between (i) the sum of (A) LIBOR, determined as of the Determination Date for which LIBOR was last available,  plus  (B) the Floating Rate Component Spread applicable to such Floating Rate  
 - 21 - 

Component,   minus   (ii) the Prime Rate as of such Determination Date;   provided  ,   however  , that if such difference is a negative number for such Floating Rate Component, then the Floating Rate Component Prime Rate Spread for such Floating Rate Component shall be zero.  
   Floating Rate Component Spread   means, as of any given date, (a) with respect to Component A, 1.3290%  per annum ; (b) with respect to Component B, 1.8290%  per annum , (c) with respect to Component C, 2.2290%  per annum ,   (d)   with respect to Component D, 2.4290%  per annum ; (e) with respect to Component E, 3.4290%  per annum  and (f) with respect to Component F, 4.2290%  per annum . 
   Floating Rate Components   means Component A, Component B, Component C, Component D, Component E and Component F. 
   Foreign Lender   means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
   Foreign Plan   means any  employee benefit plan  as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that (i) neither is subject to ERISA nor is a governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA and that is maintained, or contributed to, by a Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates and (ii) is mandated by a government other than the United States (other than a state within the United States or an instrumentality thereof) for employees of a Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates. 
   Fully Condemned Property     has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.3(b) . 
   GAAP   means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as of the date of the applicable financial report. 
   Government List   means (i) the Annex to EO13224, (ii) OFAC s most current list of  Specifically Designated National and Blocked Persons  (which list may be published from time to time in various mediums including, but not limited to, the OFAC website, http://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/t11sdn.pdf or any successor website or webpage) and (iii) any other list of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained by a Governmental Authority that Lender notifies Borrower in writing is now included in   Government List  . 
   Governmental Authority   means any court, board, agency, commission, office or other authority of any nature whatsoever for any governmental unit (foreign, federal, state, county, district, municipal, city or otherwise) whether now or hereafter in existence. 
     GPR   means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the annualized in place Rents under bona fide Eligible Leases for the Properties and/or Leases with Carry-Over Tenants as of such date and (ii) the annualized market rents for Properties that are vacant as of such date.  For purposes of  clause (ii)  market rents shall be determined by Borrower or, if reasonably required by Lender, by RentRange or any other nationally recognized rental rate reporting service selected by Lender in its reasonable discretion (such nationally recognized rental rate reporting service s fee to be at Borrower s sole cost and expense);  provided  that Borrower may object to any such determination by RentRange or other nationally recognized rental rate reporting service by delivering written notice to Lender within five (5) Business Days of any  
 - 22 - 

such determination and, in such event, the market rents so objected to shall be as determined by an independent broker opinion of market rent obtained by Lender at Borrower s sole cost and expense.  
   GRC   means Green River Capital, LLC. 
   HOA   means a home owners or condominium association, board, corporation or similar entity with authority to create a Lien on a Property as a result of the non-payment of HOA Fees that are payable with respect to such Property. 
   HOA Fees   means all homeowner s and condominium owner s association dues, fees, assessments and impositions with respect to the Properties, and any other charges levied or assessed or imposed against a Property, or any part thereof, by an HOA. 
   HOA Funds   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1.5 . 
   HOA Property   means a Property which is subject to an HOA. 
   HOA Subaccount   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1.5 . 
   Improvements   means the buildings, structures, fixtures, additions, enlargements, extensions, modifications, repairs, replacements and improvements now or hereafter erected or located on a Property. 
   Indebtedness   means, for any Person, without duplication:  (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, for amounts drawn under a letter of credit, or for the deferred purchase price of property for which such Person or its assets is liable, (ii) all unfunded amounts under a loan agreement, letter of credit, or other credit facility for which such Person would be liable if such amounts were advanced thereunder, (iii) all amounts required to be paid by such Person as a guaranteed payment to partners or a preferred or special dividend, including any mandatory redemption of shares or interests, (iv) all indebtedness guaranteed by such Person, (v) all obligations under leases that constitute capital leases for which such Person is liable, (vi) all obligations of such Person under interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars and other interest hedge agreements, in each case for which such Person is liable or its assets are liable, whether such Person (or its assets) is liable contingently or otherwise, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, or in respect of which obligations such Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss and (vii) any other contractual obligation for the payment of money which is not settled within thirty (30) days of the incurrence of such obligation. 
   Indemnified Liabilities     has the meaning set forth in  Section 9.13(b) . 
   Indemnified Persons     has the meaning set forth in  Section 9.13(b) . 
   Indemnified Taxes   means (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in  clause (i) , Other Taxes. 
 - 23 - 

Independent    means, when used with respect to any Person, a Person who:  (i) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in Borrower or in any Affiliate of Borrower, (ii) is not connected with Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, member, manager, creditor, director, supplier, customer or Person performing similar functions and (iii) is not a member of the immediate family of a Person defined in   clause (i)   or   clause (ii)   above.  
   Independent Accountant   means (i) a firm of nationally recognized, certified public accountants which is Independent and which is selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Lender or (ii) such other certified public accountant(s) selected by Borrower, which is Independent and reasonably acceptable to Lender. 
   Independent Director   means an individual who has prior experience as an independent director, independent manager or independent member with at least three years of employment experience and who is provided by CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, Stewart Management Company, Lord Securities Corporation or, if none of those companies is then providing professional Independent Directors, another nationally-recognized company reasonably approved by Lender, in each case that is not an Affiliate of Borrower and that provides professional Independent Directors and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business, and which individual is duly appointed as an Independent Director and is not, and has never been, and will not while serving as Independent Director be, any of the following: 
 (i)  a member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer or employee of Borrower or any of its equityholders or Affiliates (other than as an Independent Director of Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower that is not in the direct chain of ownership of Borrower and that is required by a creditor to be a single purpose bankruptcy remote entity,  provided   that such Independent Director is employed by a company that routinely provides professional Independent Directors or managers in the ordinary course of its business); 
 (ii)  a creditor, supplier or service provider (including provider of professional services) to Borrower or any of its equityholders or Affiliates (other than a nationally-recognized company that routinely provides professional Independent Directors and other corporate services to Borrower or any of its Affiliates in the ordinary course of its business); 
 (iii)  a family member of any such member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer, employee, creditor, supplier or service provider; or 
 (iv)  a Person that controls (whether directly, indirectly or otherwise) any of  clauses (i) ,  (ii)  or  (iii)  above. 
   A natural person who otherwise satisfies the foregoing definition and satisfies  clause (i)  by reason of being the Independent Director of a  special purpose entity  affiliated with Borrower shall be qualified to serve as an Independent Director of the Borrower,  provided  that the fees that such individual earns from serving as an Independent Director of Affiliates of  
 - 24 - 

Borrower in any given year constitute in the aggregate less than five percent (5%) of such individual s annual income for that year.  For purposes of this paragraph, a  special purpose entity  is an entity, whose organizational documents contain restrictions on its activities and impose requirements intended to preserve such entity s separateness that are substantially similar to those contained in the definition of Special Purpose Entity of this Agreement.  
   Individual Material Adverse Effect   means, in respect of a Property, any event or condition that has a material adverse effect on (i) the profitability, value, use, operation, leasing or marketability of such Property or results in any material liability to, claim against or obligation of Lender or any Loan Party or (ii) the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the lien of the Collateral Documents with respect to such Property. 
   Initial Maturity Date   means the Payment Date occurring in December 2018, or such earlier date on which the final payment of principal of the Note becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at such stated maturity date, by declaration of acceleration, or otherwise. 
   Initial Principal Balance   means $611,285,000.00. 
   Initial Term   means the period from the Closing Date through the Initial Maturity Date. 
   Insolvency Opinion   means that certain non-consolidation opinion letter dated the Closing Date delivered by Richards, Layton   Finger, P.A. in connection with the Loan. 
   Insurance Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.2.1 . 
   Insurance Premiums     has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.1.1(d) . 
   Insurance Proceeds   has the meaning set forth in the definition of  Net Proceeds . 
   Insurance Subaccount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.2.1 . 
   Interest Period   means, in connection with the calculation of interest accrued with respect to any specified Payment Date, including the Maturity Date, the period commencing on and including the fifteenth (15th) day of the prior calendar month and ending on and including the fourteenth (14th) day of the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs;  provided ,  however , the initial Interest Period shall be the period commencing on the Closing Date, and ending on and including December 14, 2016 and shall consist of 42 days. 
   Interest Rate   means, with respect to each Interest Period, (i) with respect to each Floating Rate Component, an interest rate per annum equal to (A) for a LIBOR Loan, the sum of (1) LIBOR, determined as of the Determination Date immediately preceding the commencement of such Interest Period,  plus  (2) the Floating Rate Component Spread applicable to such Floating Rate Component (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Default Rate); and (B) for a Prime Rate Loan, the sum of (1) the Prime Rate,  plus  (2) the Floating Rate Component Prime Rate Spread applicable to such Floating Rate Component (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the applicable Default Rate) and (ii) with respect to Component G, the Component G Interest Rate. 
 - 25 - 

Interest Rate Cap Agreement    means, collectively, one or more interest rate protection agreements (together with the confirmation and schedules relating thereto) reasonably acceptable to Lender, between an Acceptable Counterparty and Borrower obtained by Borrower as and when required pursuant to   Section 2.2.7   and the Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  After delivery of a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement to Lender, the term  Interest Rate Cap Agreement  shall be deemed to mean such Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement and such Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be subject to all requirements applicable to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  The Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and shall contain each of the following provisions:  
 (i)  the notional amount of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be equal to or greater than the aggregate Component Outstanding Principal Balance of the Floating Rate Components; 
 (ii)  the remaining term of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall at all times extend through the end of the Interest Period in which the Maturity Date occurs as extended from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and the Loan Documents; 
 (iii)  the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be issued by the Acceptable Counterparty to Borrower and shall be pledged to Lender by Borrower in accordance with this Agreement and the Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement; 
 (iv)  the Acceptable Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be obligated to make a stream of payments, directly to the Cash Management Account (whether or not an Event of Default has occurred) from time to time equal to the product of (A) the notional amount of such Interest Rate Cap Agreement multiplied by (B) the excess, if any, of LIBOR (including any upward rounding under the definition of LIBOR) over the Strike Price and shall provide that such payment shall be made on a monthly basis in each case not later than (after giving effect to and assuming the passage of any cure period afforded to such Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, which cure period shall not in any event be more than three Business Days) each Payment Date; 
 (v)  the Acceptable Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall execute and deliver the Acknowledgment; and 
 (vi)  the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall impose no material obligation on the beneficiary thereof (after payment of the acquisition cost) and shall be in all material respects satisfactory in form and substance to Lender and shall satisfy applicable Rating Agency standards and requirements, including, without limitation, provisions satisfying Approved Rating Agencies standards, requirements and criteria (A) that incorporate customary tax  gross up  provisions, (B) whereby the Counterparty agrees not to file or join in the filing of any petition against Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law, and (C) that incorporate, if the Interest Rate Cap Agreement contemplates collateral posting by the Counterparty, a credit support annex setting forth the mechanics for collateral to be calculated and posted that are consistent with Rating Agency standards, requirements and criteria. 
 - 26 - 

Interest Shortfall    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.4.4(a)(ii)  .  
   IRS   means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
   KBRA   means  Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. 
   Lease   means a bona fide written lease, sublease, letting, license, concession or other agreement pursuant to which any Person is granted a possessory interest in, or right to use or occupy all or any portion of any space in any Property by or on behalf of Borrower, and (i) every modification, amendment or other agreement relating to such lease, sublease or other agreement entered into in connection with such lease, sublease or other agreement, and (ii) every guarantee of the performance and observance of the covenants, conditions and agreements to be performed and observed by the Tenant. 
   Legal Requirements   means, with respect to each Property and the Properties as a whole, all federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities affecting such Property or any part thereof, or the construction, use, alteration or operation thereof, or any part thereof, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force, and all permits, licenses and authorizations and regulations relating thereto, and all covenants, agreements, restrictions and encumbrances contained in any instruments, either of record or known to Borrower, at any time in force affecting Borrower, such Property or any part thereof, including, without limitation, any which may (a) require repairs, modifications or alterations in or to such Property or any part thereof, or (b) in any way limit the use and enjoyment thereof. 
   Lender   has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto, together with its successors and assigns. 
     LIBOR   means, with respect to each Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded up to the next nearest 1/1000 of 1%) for deposits in U.S. dollars, for a one-month period, that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or the successor thereto) as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the related Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date, LIBOR shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in U.S. dollars for a one-month period that appear on the Reuters Screen Libor Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date, if at least two such offered rates so appear.  If fewer than two such offered rates appear on the Reuters Screen Libor Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date, Lender (or Servicer, on Lender s behalf) shall request the principal London office of any four major reference banks in the London interbank market selected by Lender to provide such bank s offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) to prime banks in the London interbank market for deposits in U.S. dollars for a one-month period as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date for the amounts of not less than U.S. $1,000,000.  If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, LIBOR shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations.  If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, Lender (or Servicer, on Lender s behalf) shall request any three major banks in New York City selected by Lender to provide such bank s rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks for a one-month  
 - 27 - 

period as of approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time on the applicable Determination Date for amounts of not less than U.S. $1,000,000.  If at least two such rates are so provided, LIBOR shall be the arithmetic mean of such rates.  
   LIBOR Loan   means the Floating Rate Components of the Loan at such time as interest thereon accrues at a rate of interest based upon LIBOR. 
   Lien   means any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, easement, restrictive covenant, preference, assignment, security interest, or any other encumbrance, charge or transfer of, or any agreement to enter into or create any of the foregoing, on or affecting all or any portion of any Collateral or any interest therein, or any direct interest in any Loan Party, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing statement, and mechanic s, materialmen s and other similar liens and encumbrances. 
   Loan   means the loan made by Lender to Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
   Loan Documents   means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, each Management Agreement, the Sponsor Guaranty, the Equity Owner Guaranty, the Environmental Indemnity, each Interest Rate Cap Agreement, each Collateral Document, the Borrower TRS Guaranty and all other agreements, instruments and documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, as the same may be (and each of the foregoing defined terms shall refer to such documents as they may be) amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Loan Party   means Borrower, Equity Owner and Borrower TRS. 
   London Business Day   means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in London, England are not open for business. 
   Low Debt Yield Period   shall commence if, as of any Calculation Date, the Debt Yield is less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Closing Date Debt Yield, and shall end if (i) the Properties have achieved, as of any two succeeding consecutive Calculation Dates, a Debt Yield of at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the Closing Date Debt Yield or (ii) immediately (without waiting for two succeeding consecutive Calculation Dates) upon the Borrower prepaying the principal amount of the Loan in an amount sufficient to cause the Debt Yield to be equal to or in excess of eighty-five (85%) of the Closing Date Debt Yield (a   Debt Yield Cure Prepayment  ). 
   Major Contract   means (i) any management agreement relating to the Properties or the Loan Parties to which a Loan Party is a party, (ii) any agreement between any Loan Party and any Affiliate of any Relevant Party and (iii) any brokerage, leasing, cleaning, maintenance, service or other contract or agreement of any kind (other than Leases) relating to the Properties, in each case involving payment or expense of more than one million dollars ($1,000,000) during any twelve (12) month period, unless cancelable on thirty (30) days or less notice without requiring payment of termination fees or payments of any kind (other than amounts that accrued prior to the termination date). 
 - 28 - 

Management Agreement    means (i) the Existing Management Agreement or (ii) a Replacement Management Agreement pursuant to which a Qualified Manager is managing one or more of the Properties in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.  
   Management Fee Cap   means, with respect to each calendar month, six percent (6.0%) of gross Rents and business interruption and/or rental loss insurance proceeds, in each case, collected with respect to the Properties for such calendar month;  provided , that for purposes of determining gross Rents collected, if Advance Rents during the applicable calendar month exceed the Advance Rent Threshold for such calendar month, then collections of Advance Rent shall be allocated to the applicable calendar month set forth in the applicable Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule. 
   Manager   means Existing Manager or, if the context requires, a Qualified Manager who is managing one or more of the Properties in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement or pursuant to a Replacement Management Agreement. 
   Margin Stock     has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1.20 . 
   Material Action   has the meaning set forth in the definition of  Special Purpose Entity . 
   Material Adverse Effect   means a material adverse effect on (i) the property, business, operations or financial condition of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (ii) the use, operation or value of the Properties, taken as a whole, (iii) the ability of Borrower to repay the principal and interest of the Loan when due or to satisfy any of Borrower s other obligations under the Loan Documents, or (iv) the enforceability or validity of any Loan Document, the perfection or priority of any Lien created under any Loan Document or the rights, interests and remedies of Lender under any Loan Document. 
   Maturity Date   means the Initial Maturity Date;  provided  that in the event of the exercise by Borrower of an Extension Option pursuant to  Section 2.8 , the Maturity Date shall be the applicable Extended Maturity Date; or such earlier date on which the final payment of principal of the Note becomes due and payable as herein or therein provided, whether at the Initial Maturity Date, by declaration of acceleration, or otherwise. 
   Maximum Legal Rate   means the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the indebtedness evidenced by the Note and as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents, under the laws of such state or states whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to govern the interest rate provisions of the Loan. 
   Minimum Disbursement Amount   means $100,000. 
   Monthly Budgeted Amount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.2 . 
 - 29 - 

Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount    means, for each Payment Date, an amount equal to the amount of interest which is then due on all of the Components of the Loan in the aggregate for the Interest Period during which such Payment Date occurs.  
   Moody s   means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
   Mortgage   means a Mortgage or Deed of Trust or Deed to Secure Debt, as applicable, for each Property or for multiple Properties located within the same county or parish, dated as of the Closing Date (or, in connection with a Property which is a Substitute Property, dated as of the date of the substitution), executed and delivered by Borrower, constituting a Lien on the Improvements and the Property or Properties, as applicable, as Collateral for the Loan, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Mortgage Documents   means the Mortgages, the Collateral Assignments of Leases and Rents and, if any, the Fixture Filings. 
   Multiemployer Plan   means a plan within the meaning of Section 414(f) of the Code or Section 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions are required to be made by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or to which any such entity has any liability. 
   Net Assets   means, with respect to any Person, the difference between (i) such Person s assets determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding accumulated depreciation, and (ii) such Person s liabilities determined in accordance with GAAP. 
   Net Proceeds   means  (i) the net amount of all insurance proceeds received by Lender pursuant to  Section 5.1.1 (a)(i)  and  (iii)  as a result of damage to or destruction of a Property, after deduction of its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel fees), if any, in collecting same (  Insurance Proceeds  ), or (ii) the net amount of an Award, after deduction of Lender s reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel fees), if any, in collecting same (  Condemnation Proceeds  ), whichever the case may be. 
   Net Proceeds Deficiency     has the meaning set forth in  Section 5.4(d)(vi) . 
   Net Transfer Proceeds   means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the gross sales price for such Property (including any earnest money, down payment or similar deposit included in the total sales price paid by the purchaser), less Transfer Expenses. 
   Non-Property Taxes   means all Taxes other than Property Taxes and HOA Fees. 
   Note   means that certain Promissory Note, dated the Closing Date, in the principal amount of the Initial Principal Balance, made by Borrower in favor of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Obligations   means, collectively, Borrower s obligations for the payment of the Debt and the performance by the Relevant Parties of the Other Obligations. 
 - 30 - 

OFAC    means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury.  
   Officer s Certificate   means a certificate delivered to Lender by Borrower which is signed by an authorized officer of Borrower. 
   Operating Expenses   means, for any period, without duplication, all expenses actually paid or payable by Borrower during such period in connection with the administration, operation, management, maintenance, repair and use of the Properties, determined on an accrual basis, and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this definition, in accordance with GAAP.  Operating Expenses specifically shall include, without duplication, (i) all operating expenses incurred in such period based on quarterly financial statements delivered to Lender in accordance with  Section 4.3.1(a) , (ii) cost of utilities, inventories, and fixed asset supplies consumed in the operation of the Properties (iii) management fees in an amount equal to the Management Fee Cap, (iv) costs and fees of independent professionals (including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consultants and other professional expenses), technical consultants, operational experts (including quality assurance inspectors) or other third parties retained to perform services required or permitted hereunder, (v) operational equipment and other lease payments to the extent constituting operating expenses under GAAP, (vi) Property Taxes and HOA Fees, (vii) insurance premiums, (viii) Property maintenance expenses and (ix) leasing commissions, which shall not be expensed in accordance with GAAP but shall be expensed in the period when paid.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall not include (A) depreciation or amortization, (B) income taxes or other charges in the nature of income taxes, (C) any expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional fees, expenses and disbursements) incurred in connection with the making of the Loan or the sale, exchange, transfer, financing or refinancing of all or any portion of any Property or in connection with the recovery of Insurance Proceeds or Awards, (D) any loss that is covered by the Policies, including any portion of a loss that is subject to a deductible under the Policies, (E) Capital Expenditures, (F) Debt Service, (G) expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition, initial renovation and initial leasing of Properties and other activities undertaken prior to such initial lease that do not constitute recurring operating expenses to be paid by Borrower, including eviction of existing tenants, incentive payments to tenants and other similar expenses, (H) any item of expense which would otherwise be considered within Operating Expenses pursuant to the provisions above but is paid directly by any Tenant under a Lease, (I) any service that is required to be provided by Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement without compensation or reimbursement (other than the management fee set forth in the Management Agreement), (J) any expenses that relate to a Property from and after the release of such Property in accordance with  Section 2.5 , (K) bad debt expense with respect to Rents, (L) the value of any free rent or other concessions provided with respect to the Properties or (M) corporate overhead expenses incurred by Borrower s Affiliates. 
   Other Connection Taxes   means Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 - 31 - 

Other Obligations    means (i) the performance of all obligations of Borrower contained herein; (ii) the performance of each obligation of the Relevant Parties contained in any other Loan Document; and (iii) the performance of each obligation of the Relevant Parties contained in any renewal, extension, amendment, restatement, modification, consolidation, change of, or substitution or replacement for, all or any part of this Agreement, the Note or any other Loan Document.  
   Other Receipts   for any period of determination, any actual receipts received by Borrower from sources other than Rents with respect to the Properties, to the extent they are properly included as operating income for such period in accordance with GAAP (including maintenance recovery fees but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding income from the Transfer of any Property). 
   Other Taxes   means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
   Outstanding Principal Balance   means, as of any date, the outstanding principal balance of the Components of the Loan. 
   Patriot Act   means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT ACT) of 2001, as the same may be amended from time to time, and corresponding provisions of future laws. 
   Patriot Act Offense     has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1.24(a) . 
   Payment Date   means the ninth (9 th ) day of each calendar month during the Term or, if such ninth day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day;  provided , that the first Payment Date shall be January 9, 2017. 
   PBGC     means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
   Periodic Rating Agency Information   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.15.  
   Permitted Indebtedness   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.2 . 
   Permitted Investments   means: 
   (i)  obligations of, or obligations fully guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof provided such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States including, without limitation, obligations of:  the U.S. Treasury (all direct or fully guaranteed obligations), the Farmers Home Administration (certificates of beneficial ownership), the General Services Administration (participation certificates), the United States Maritime Administration (guaranteed Title XI financing), the Small Business Administration  
 - 32 - 

(guaranteed participation certificates and guaranteed pool certificates), the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (local authority bonds) and the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (guaranteed transit bonds);   provided  ,   however  , that the investments described in this   clause (i)   must (A) have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change, (B) if rated by S P, must not have an  r  highlighter affixed to their rating, (C) if such investments have a variable rate of interest, such interest rate must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a fixed spread (if any) and must move proportionately with that index, and (D) such investments must not be subject to liquidation prior to their maturity;  
 (ii)  federal funds, unsecured certificates of deposit, time deposits, bankers  acceptances and repurchase agreements with maturities of not more than 365 days of any bank, (A) in the case of such investments with maturities of 30 days or less, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A2  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (B) in the case of such investments with maturities of three months or less, but more than 30 days, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A1  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (C) in the case of such investments with maturities of six months or less, but more than three months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  Aa3  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), and (D) in the case of such investments with maturities of more than six months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated  Aaa  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s);  provided ,  however , that the investments described in this  clause (ii)  must (1) have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change, (2) if rated by S P, must not have an  r  highlighter affixed to their rating, (3) if such investments have a variable rate of interest, such interest rate must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a fixed spread (if any) and must move proportionately with that index, and (4) such investments must not be subject to liquidation prior to their maturity; 
   (iii)  fully Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured demand and time deposits in, or certificates of deposit of, or bankers  acceptances issued by, any bank or trust company, savings and loan association or savings bank, (A) in the case of such investments with maturities of 30 days or less, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating  
 - 33 - 

category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A2  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (B) in the case of such investments with maturities of three months or less, but more than 30 days, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A1  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (C) in the case of such investments with maturities of six months or less, but more than three months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  Aa3  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), and (D) in the case of such investments with maturities of more than six months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated  Aaa  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s);   provided  ,   however  , that the investments described in this   clause (iii)   must (1) have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change, (2) if rated by S P, must not have an  r  highlighter affixed to their rating, (3) if such investments have a variable rate of interest, such interest rate must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a fixed spread (if any) and must move proportionately with that index, and (4) such investments must not be subject to liquidation prior to their maturity;  
 (iv)  debt obligations with maturities of not more than 365 days and at all times rated by each Rating Agency in its highest long-term unsecured rating category (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in its highest long-term unsecured rating category);  provided ,  however , that the investments described in this  clause (iv)  must (A) have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change, (B) if rated by S P, must not have an  r  highlighter affixed to their rating, (C) if such investments have a variable rate of interest, such interest rate must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a fixed spread (if any) and must move proportionately with that index, and (D) such investments must not be subject to liquidation prior to their maturity; 
   (v)  commercial paper (including both non-interest-bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than one year after the date of issuance thereof) with maturities of not more than 365 days (A) in the case of such investments with maturities of 30 days or less, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A2  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (B) in the case of such investments with maturities of three months or less, but more than 30 days, the short term obligations of which are rated  
 - 34 - 

in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  A1  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), (C) in the case of such investments with maturities of six months or less, but more than three months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated at least  Aa3  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s), and (D) in the case of such investments with maturities of more than six months, the short term obligations of which are rated in the highest short term rating category by each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by Moody s in the highest short term rating category) and the long term obligations of which are rated  Aaa  by Moody s (or such lower rating for which Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to Moody s);   provided  ,   however  , that the investments described in this   clause (vi)   must (1) have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change, (2) if rated by S P, must not have an  r  highlighter affixed to their rating, (3) if such investments have a variable rate of interest, such interest rate must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a fixed spread (if any) and must move proportionately with that index, and (4) such investments must not be subject to liquidation prior to their maturity;  
 (vi)  units of taxable money market funds, which funds are regulated investment companies and invested solely in obligations backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, which funds have the highest rating available from each Rating Agency (or, if not rated by all Approved Rating Agencies, rated by at least one Approved Rating Agency and otherwise acceptable to each other Approved Rating Agency, as confirmed in writing that such investment would not, in and of itself, result in a downgrade, qualification or withdrawal of the initial, or, if higher, then current ratings assigned to the Securities) for money market funds; and 
 (vii)  any other security, obligation or investment which has been specifically approved as a Permitted Investment in writing (A) by Lender and (B) each Rating Agency, as confirmed by satisfaction of the Rating Agency Confirmation with respect to each Approved Rating Agency; 
 provided ,  however , that no obligation or security shall be a Permitted Investment if (a) such obligation or security evidences a right to receive only interest payments or (b) the right to receive principal and interest payments on such obligation or security are derived from an underlying investment that provides a yield to maturity in excess of 120% of the yield to maturity at par of such underlying investment and  provided ,  further , that each investment described hereunder must have (x) a predetermined fixed amount of principal due at maturity (that cannot vary or change) and (y) an original maturity of not more than 365 days and a remaining maturity of not more than thirty (30) days.  
     Permitted Liens   means, collectively, (i) the Liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents, (ii) all encumbrances and other matters disclosed in the Title Insurance  
 - 35 - 

Policies for the Properties and, with respect to any Substitute Property, as Lender has approved in writing in Lender s reasonable discretion, (iii) Liens, if any, for Non-Property Taxes or Property Taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent, (iv) Liens arising after the Closing Date for Non-Property Taxes, Property Taxes or HOA Fees being contested in accordance with   Section 4.1.3   or   Section 4.4.5  , (v) any workers , mechanics  or other similar Liens on a Property that are bonded or discharged within sixty (60) days after Borrower first receives written notice of such Lien, (vi) all easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar non-monetary encumbrances recorded against and affecting any Property and that would not reasonably be expected to and do not have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Property, (vii) such other title and survey exceptions as Lender has approved or may approve in writing in Lender s reasonable discretion, (viii) rights of Tenants as Tenants only under Leases permitted hereunder and (ix) the Specified Liens.  
   Permitted Transfers   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.17(d) . 
   Person   means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any other entity, any Governmental Authority and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of the foregoing. 
   Plan   means an  employee benefit plan  as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is established, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates (or as to which such entity has any liability) and that is covered by Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan. 
   Plan Termination Event   means (i) any event described in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to any Plan; (ii) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Plan during a plan year in which such Loan Party or such ERISA Affiliate was a  substantial employer  as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (iii) the imposition of an obligation on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates under Section 4041 of ERISA to provide affected parties written notice of intent to terminate a Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the institution of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Plan or by any similar foreign governmental authority to terminate a Foreign Plan; (v) any event or condition which could reasonably constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan; (vi) the institution of proceedings by a foreign governmental authority to appoint a trustee to administer any Foreign Plan; or (vii) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Plan or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
   Policy   and     Policies     shall have the respective meanings set forth in  Section 5.1.1(b) . 
     Prepayment Notice   means a prior written notice to Lender specifying the proposed Business Day on which a prepayment of the Debt is to be made pursuant to  Section 2.4.1 , which date shall be no earlier than ten (10) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice and no later than ninety (90) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice.  A Prepayment Notice may be revoked in writing by Borrower, or may be modified in writing by Borrower to a new specified  
 - 36 - 

Business Day, in each case, on or prior to the proposed prepayment date set forth in such Prepayment Notice;   provided   that such new Business Day shall be no earlier than such proposed prepayment date.  If revoked (as opposed to modified), any new Prepayment Notice shall comply with the timeframes set forth above.  Borrower shall pay to Lender all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (if any) incurred by Lender in connection with Borrower s permitted revocation or modification of any Prepayment Notice.  
   Prime Rate   means the annual rate of interest publicly announced by JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, in New York, New York, as its base rate, as such rate shall change from time to time.  If JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, ceases to announce a base rate, Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest published in  The Wall Street Journal  from time to time as the  Prime Rate.   If  The Wall Street Journal  ceases to publish the  Prime Rate,  the Lender shall select an equivalent publication that publishes such  Prime Rate,  and if such  Prime Rates  are no longer generally published or are limited, regulated or administered by a governmental or quasi-governmental body, then Lender shall select a comparable interest rate index. 
   Prime Rate Loan   means the Floating Rate Components of the Loan at such time as interest thereon accrues at a rate of interest based upon the Prime Rate. 
   Priority   means that the valid and proper foreclosure of a Lien for HOA Fees will extinguish the Lien of a Mortgage with respect to the relevant HOA Property. 
   Properties Schedule   means the data tape of Properties attached hereto as  Schedule II.A  as of the Closing Date, as updated on a monthly basis in the form attached hereto as  Schedule II.B , and supplemented quarterly by the data included on  Schedule II.C  pursuant to  Section 4.3.7 . 
   Property   means, individually, and   Properties   means, collectively, (i) the residential real properties described on the Properties Schedule as of the Closing Date and encumbered by the Mortgages and (ii) any residential real properties that are Substitute Properties;  provided  that if the Allocated Loan Amount for any Property has been reduced to zero and all interest and other Obligations related thereto that are required to be paid on or prior to the date when the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property is required to be repaid have been repaid in full, then such residential real property shall no longer be a Property hereunder.  The Properties include the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and other personal property owned by Borrower located thereon, together with all rights pertaining to such real property, Improvements and personal property.  Any Property Transferred to Borrower TRS shall continue to constitute a  Property  for purposes of this Agreement and the Loan Documents. 
   Property Covenants   means those covenants set forth in  Section 4.4  and the covenants contained in Section 2 of the Environmental Indemnity. 
   Property Representations   means those representations and warranties set forth in  Section 3.2  and Section 1 of the Environmental Indemnity. 
     Property Taxes   means any real estate and personal property taxes, assessments, water charges, sewer rents, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with  
 - 37 - 

respect thereto now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed by a Governmental Authority against any Property, any Collateral, any part of either of the foregoing or Borrower.  
   Property Tax Prepayment Election   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1.4 . 
   Provided Information   means any and all financial and other information provided at any time prepared by, or on behalf of, Borrower, Equity Owner and/or Manager. 
   Public Vehicle   means a Person whose securities are listed and traded on a national securities exchange and shall include a majority-owned subsidiary of any such Person or any operating partnership through which such Person conducts all or substantially all of its business. 
   Qualified Manager   means (i) Existing Manager, (ii) any Person that is under common Control with Existing Manager or Sponsor, (iii) a reputable Person that is not the subject of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding and has at least two (2) years  experience in the management of at least the lesser of (A) two hundred and fifty (250) residential rental property units in each metropolitan statistical area in which the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located and (B) the number of residential rental properties in each metropolitan statistical area in which the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located, (iv) a Qualified Transferee that is regularly engaged in the management, ownership or operation of 5,000 or more residential rental property units or (v) any other Person with respect to which Borrower has obtained a Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of the management of Properties by such Person;  provided , that in the case of the foregoing  clauses (ii)  through  (v) ,   if such Person is an Affiliate of Borrower, Borrower shall have obtained an Additional Insolvency Opinion if such an opinion is requested by Lender. 
   Qualified Release Property Default   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.5(b) . 
   Qualified Transferee   means (i) Sponsor or (ii) any Person that (A) has Net Assets of not less than $300,000,000 (exclusive of such Person s direct or indirect interest in the Properties and Borrower), (B) has not been the subject of a voluntary or involuntary (to the extent the same has not been discharged) bankruptcy proceeding or any governmental or regulatory investigation which resulted in a final, nonappealable conviction for criminal activity involving moral turpitude, (C) is (or is under common Control with a Person that is) regularly engaged in the management, ownership or operation of residential rental properties and (D) with respect to the applicable Transfer to such Person, Borrower shall have obtained a Rating Agency Confirmation. 
   Quarterly   HOA Report   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.17 . 
   Quarterly Investor Rollup Report   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.3.7 . 
     Rating Agency Confirmation   means a written affirmation from each of the Approved Rating Agencies that the credit rating of the Securities by such Approved Rating Agency immediately prior to the occurrence of the event with respect to which such Approved Rating Agency Confirmation is sought will not be qualified, downgraded or withdrawn as a result of the occurrence of such event, which affirmation may be granted or withheld in such Rating Agency s sole and absolute discretion.  In the event that, at any given time, no Securities are then outstanding, then the term Rating Agency Confirmation shall be deemed instead to require the  
 - 38 - 

written approval of Lender based on its reasonable, good faith determination of whether the Approved Rating Agencies would issue a Rating Agency Confirmation if any such Securities were outstanding.  
   Register   has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.1 . 
   Release Amount   means, for a Property, the following applicable amount together with any other amounts specified in  Section 2.4.4 : 
 (i)  in connection with the Transfer of a Property (other than a Designated HOA Property) pursuant to  Section 2.5  or any failure of a Property to qualify as an Eligible Property due to the occurrence of a Voluntary Action (such Properties,   Release Premium Properties  ), (A) 105% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Premium Properties, including such Property, is less than $61,128,500, (B) 110% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Premium Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than $61,128,500 but less than $91,692,750, (C) 115% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Premium Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than $91,692,750 but less than $122,257,000, and (D) 120% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Premium Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than $122,257,000; 
 (ii)  in connection with any failure of a Property to qualify as an Eligible Property, other than due to the occurrence of a Voluntary Action, that is not cured within the applicable Cure Period, an amount equal to 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property; 
 (iii)  in connection with any Condemnation or Casualty of any Property for which prepayment of the Release Amount is required pursuant to  Section 5.3  or  Section 5.4 , 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property; and 
 (iv)  in connection with the release of a Designated HOA Property, a percentage of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property that is equal to the greater of (A) one hundred percent (100%) and (B) the percentage with respect to which Borrower has obtained a Rating Agency Confirmation; 
 provided , that if the Net Transfer Proceeds from any single Transfer of Release Premium Properties is equal to or greater than $10,000,000, then notwithstanding the foregoing   clause (i)  , the Release Amount for such Release Premium Properties shall be 120% of the Allocated Loan Amounts for such Release Premium Properties.  
   Release Premium Properties     has the meanings set forth in the definition of  Release Amount . 
   Release Property   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.5.  
 - 39 - 

Relevant Party    means each Loan Party and Sponsor (and, collectively    Relevant Parties   ).  
   REMIC Trust   means a  real estate mortgage investment conduit  within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code that holds the Note or a portion thereof. 
   Renovation Standards   means the maintenance, repairs, improvements and installations that (i) are necessary for a Property to conform to applicable material Legal Requirements and (ii) do not deviate materially from local rental market standards for the area in which such Property is located. 
   Rent Deposit Account   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.6.1(a) . 
   Rent Deposit Bank   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.6.1(a) . 
   Rent Refund   means, with respect to any Tenant in default under any applicable Lease, any payment of Rent (in whole or in part) delivered by such Tenant directly to the Rent Deposit Account, to the extent Borrower or Manager reasonably determines the return of the same is necessary in order to preserve Borrower s enforcement remedies under the applicable Lease. 
   Rent Refund Monthly Disbursement Amount   means the amount of Rent Refunds made by Borrower with respect to Rents that were deposited into and not withdrawn from the Rent Deposit Account during the calendar month preceding the applicable Payment Date, as set forth in a written notice from Borrower to Lender. 
   Rents   means, with respect to each Property, all rents and rent equivalents (including for forfeited security deposits allocated to rent) and any fees, payments or other compensation from any Tenant. 
   Repayment Date   means the date of a prepayment of the Loan pursuant to the provisions of  Section 2.4 . 
   Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement   means, collectively, one or more interest rate protection agreements, acceptable to Lender, from an Acceptable Counterparty with terms identical to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement except that the same shall be effective as of the date required in  Section 2.2.7(c) , except that in connection with Borrower s exercise of an Extension Option, the same shall be effective as of the date required in  Section 2.8 ;  provided , that to the extent any such interest rate protection agreements do not meet the foregoing requirements, a  Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement  shall be such interest rate protection agreements approved in writing by the Approved Rating Agencies with respect thereto. 
     Replacement Management Agreement   means, collectively, (i) either (A) a management agreement with a Qualified Manager, substantially in the same form and substance as the Existing Management Agreement, (B) a management agreement with a Qualified Manager, which management agreement shall be on reasonable and customary terms and conditions,  provided , that with respect to this  clause (B) , if such management agreement provides for the payment of management fees at a rate that is in excess of the rate provided for under the Existing Management Agreement, then Borrower shall have obtained a Rating Agency  
 - 40 - 

Confirmation with respect to such increase in management fees or (C) a management agreement with a Manager approved by Lender in accordance with   Section 4.1.19(b)(y)   and satisfying the condition set forth in the   proviso   in the foregoing   Clause (B)  , and (ii) an assignment of management agreement and subordination of management fees substantially in the form of the Assignment of Management Agreement dated as of the Closing Date (or such other form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender and the Qualified Manager).  
   Reportable Event   has the meaning set forth in Section 4043 of ERISA. 
   Request for Release   means a request for release of a Property in connection with any Transfer of a Property, substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D . 
   Reserve Funds   means, collectively, all funds deposited by Borrower with Lender or Cash Management Account Bank pursuant to  Article VI , including, but not limited to, the Capital Expenditure Funds, the Insurance Funds, the HOA Funds, the Tax Funds, the Casualty and Condemnation Funds, the Cash Collateral Funds, the Eligibility Funds and the Advance Rent Funds. 
   Reserve Release Date   means any Business Day as requested by Borrower pursuant to a Reserve Release Request;    provided , that there shall be no more than one Reserve Release Date in any calendar month. 
   Reserve Release Request   means any written request by Borrower for a release of Reserve Funds made in accordance with  Article VI . 
   Responsible Officer   means, as to any Person, the chief executive officer or president or, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer or treasurer of such Person;  provided  ,  that in the event any such officer is unavailable at any time he or she is required to take any action hereunder, Responsible Officer means any officer authorized to act on such officer s behalf as demonstrated by a certified resolution. 
   Restoration   means the repair and restoration of any Property after a Casualty as nearly as possible to the condition such Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty, with such material alterations as may be approved by Lender, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 
   Restricted Junior Payment   means, with respect to any Person, (i) any dividend or other distribution of any nature (cash, securities, assets, Indebtedness or otherwise) and any payment, by virtue of redemption, retirement or otherwise, on any class of Equity Interests or subordinate Indebtedness issued by such Person, whether such Equity Interests are now or may hereafter be authorized or outstanding and any distribution in respect of any of the foregoing, whether directly or indirectly, (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests or subordinate Indebtedness of such Person now or hereafter outstanding, or (iii) any payment of management or similar fees by such Person (other than payment of management fees under any Management Agreement to the extent expressly permitted by this Agreement). 
 - 41 - 

Restricted Party    means, collectively, Borrower TRS, Borrower, Equity Owner, and any other direct or indirect equity holder in Borrower TRS, Borrower or Equity Owner up to, but not including, the first direct or indirect equity holder that has substantial assets other than the Properties and the other Collateral.  
   Review Waiver   has the meaning set forth in  Section 9.2(b) . 
   S P   means Standard   Poor s Ratings Services. 
   Securities   has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.1.1(a) . 
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
   Securitization   has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.1.1(a) . 
   Security Deposit Account     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.1.16(a) . 
   Servicer     has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.3 . 
   Servicing Agreement     has the meaning set forth in  Section 8.3 . 
   Severed Loan Documents     has the meaning set forth in  Section 7.2(c) . 
   Solvent   means, with respect to any Person or any consolidated group, on any date of determination, that on such date (i) the fair saleable value of such Person s or consolidated group s assets exceeds its total liabilities, including, without limitation, subordinated, unliquidated, disputed and contingent liabilities, (ii) the fair saleable value of such Person s or consolidated group s assets exceeds its probable liabilities, as applicable, including the maximum amount of its contingent liabilities on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (iii) such Person s or consolidated group s assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as proposed to be conducted and (iv) such Person or consolidated group does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debt and liabilities (including contingent liabilities and other commitments) beyond its ability to pay such debt and liabilities as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by it and the amounts to be payable on or in respect of its obligations). 
   Special Member   has the meaning set forth in the definition of  Special Purpose Entity . 
   Special Purpose Entity   means a limited liability company that, since the date of its formation and at all times on and after the date thereof, has complied with and shall at all times comply with the following requirements unless it has received either prior consent to do otherwise from Lender, or, while the Loan is securitized, a Rating Agency Confirmation from each of the Approved Rating Agencies, and an Additional Insolvency Opinion, in each case: 
   (i)  is and shall be organized solely for the purpose of (A) in the case of Borrower, acquiring, maintaining, renovating, rehabilitating, owning, holding, marketing, selling, leasing, transferring, managing and operating the Properties, entering into and  
 - 42 - 

performing its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, refinancing the Properties in connection with a permitted repayment of the Loan, acting as the sole member of Borrower TRS and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, (B) in the case of Equity Owner, acting as the sole member of Borrower and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing or (C) in the case of Borrower TRS, marketing and selling Properties and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing;  
 (ii)  has not engaged and shall not engage in any business unrelated to (A) in the case of Borrower, the acquisition, renovation, maintenance, ownership, holding, marketing, sale, leasing, transfer, management, operation or financing of the Properties, (B) in the case of Equity Owner, acting as the sole member of Borrower or (C) in the case of Borrower TRS, marketing and selling Properties; 
 (iii)  has not owned and shall not own any real property other than the Properties; 
 (iv)  does not have, shall not have and at no time had any assets other than (A) in the case of Borrower, the Properties and personal property necessary or incidental to its ownership and operation of the Properties, (B) in the case of Equity Owner, its membership interest in Borrower and personal property necessary or incidental to its ownership of such interest or (C) in the case of Borrower TRS, Properties and personal property necessary or incidental to its marketing and sale of Properties; 
 (v)  shall not cause, consent to or permit any amendment of its certificate of formation or its limited liability company agreement with respect to the matters set forth in this definition; 
   (vi)  with respect to each of Borrower, Equity Owner and each Borrower TRS, (A) is and shall be a Delaware limited liability company, (B) has and shall have at least two (2) Independent Directors serving as managers of such company, (C) shall not take any of the following actions and shall not cause or permit the members or managers of such entity to take any of the following actions, either with respect to itself or, with respect to any subsidiary of it that is a Loan Party, in each case unless two (2) Independent Directors then serving as managers of the company shall have participated consented in writing to such action (each, a   Material Action  ):  (1) filing or consenting to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to take advantage of any applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, (2) seeking or consenting to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator or any similar official of any Loan Party or a substantial part of its business, (3)  making an assignment for the benefit of creditors by any Loan Party, (4) admitting in writing its inability to pay debts generally as they become due, (5) declaring or effectuating a moratorium on the payment of any obligations of any Loan Party, or (6) taking any action in furtherance of the foregoing,  provided , for purposes of  clauses (4)  and  (6) , the following shall not constitute a Material Action:  (x) admissions or statements which are compelled and required by law and which are true and correct, or (y) admissions or statements in writing  
 - 43 - 

to Lender or any servicer of the Loan, or in connection with any audit opinion or  going concern  qualification in its audited financial statements, that (I) Borrower cannot pay its Operating Expenses, (II) Borrower cannot pay debt service on the Loan, or (III) Borrower cannot repay or refinance the Loan on the Maturity Date and (D) under the terms of its limited liability company agreement, immediately prior to the withdrawal or dissolution of the last remaining member of the company, each of the persons acting as Independent Director of such entity shall, without any action of any Person, automatically be admitted as members of the limited liability company (   Special Members   ) and shall pursue and continue the existence of the limited liability company without dissolution and such Special Members may not resign as such until (i) a successor Special Member has been admitted to the limited liability company as a Special Member and (ii) such successor Special Member has also accepted its appointment as an Independent Director;  
 (vii)  has and shall have a limited liability agreement that provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including Section 18-1101(e) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, the Independent Directors of a Loan Party shall not be liable to such Loan Party, its equity holders or any other Person bound by its limited liability agreement for breach of contract or breach of duties (including fiduciary duties), unless the Independent Director acted in bad faith or engaged in willful misconduct; 
 (viii)  has and shall have a limited liability agreement that provides that such entity shall not (A) dissolve, merge, liquidate, consolidate; (B) sell all or substantially all of its assets; or (C) amend its organizational documents with respect to the matters set forth in this definition without the consent of Lender; 
 (ix)  has at all times been and shall intend at all times to remain solvent and has paid and shall pay its debts and liabilities (including, a fairly-allocated portion of any personnel and overhead expenses that it shares with any Affiliate) from its assets as the same shall become due, and has maintained and shall intend to maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations;  provided , that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party; 
 (x)  has not failed and shall not fail to correct any known misunderstanding regarding the separate identity of such entity and has not identified and shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person; 
 (xi)  has maintained and shall maintain its bank accounts, books of account, books and records separate from those of any other Person and, to the extent that it is required to file tax returns under applicable law, has filed and shall file its own tax returns, except to the extent that it is required by law to file consolidated tax returns; 
 (xii)  has maintained and shall maintain its own records, books, resolutions and agreements; 
 - 44 - 

(xiii)    has not commingled and, except as contemplated by this Agreement, shall not commingle its funds or assets with those of any other Person and has not participated and shall not participate in any cash management system with any other Person;   provided  ; that Borrower TRS may commingle its assets with those of Borrower and may participate in Borrower s cash management system;  
 (xiv)  has held and shall hold its assets in its own name;  provided  that Borrower TRS may hold assets in Borrower s name; 
 (xv)  has conducted and shall conduct its business in its name or in a name franchised or licensed to it by an entity other than an Affiliate of itself or of Borrower, except for business conducted on behalf of itself by another Person under a business management services agreement that is on commercially-reasonable terms, so long as the manager, or equivalent thereof, under such business management services agreement holds itself out as an agent of Borrower; 
 (xvi)  (A) has maintained and shall maintain its financial statements, accounting records and other entity documents separate from those of any other Person; (B) has shown and shall show, in its financial statements, its asset and liabilities separate and apart from those of any other Person; and (C) has not permitted and shall not permit its assets to be listed as assets on the financial statement of any of its Affiliates except as required by GAAP;  provided ,    however , that any such consolidated financial statement contains a note indicating that the Special Purpose Entity s separate assets and credit are not available to pay the debts of such Affiliate and that the Special Purpose Entity s liabilities do not constitute obligations of the consolidated entity; 
 (xvii)  has paid and shall pay its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of its own employees, out of its own funds and assets, and has maintained and shall maintain a sufficient number of employees or contract for sufficient services in light of its contemplated business operations; 
 (xviii)  has observed and shall observe all limited liability company formalities; 
 (xix)  has not incurred and shall not incur any Indebtedness other than, (i) with respect to Borrower, Permitted Indebtedness, (ii) with respect to Borrower TRS, the Borrower TRS s Permitted Indebtedness, and (iii) with respect to Equity Owner, Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness; 
 (xx)  has not assumed, guaranteed or become obligated and shall not assume or guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person, has not held out and shall not hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the obligations of any other Person or has not pledged and shall not pledge its assets to secure the obligations of any other Person, in each case except as permitted or contemplated by the Loan Documents; 
 (xxi)  has not acquired and shall not acquire obligations or securities of its members, the Manager or any Affiliate;  provided , that Equity Owner shall be the sole member of Borrower and Borrower shall be the sole member of Borrower TRS; 
 - 45 - 

(xxii)    has allocated and shall allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with any of its Affiliates, constituents, or owners, the Manager, or any guarantors of any of their respective obligations, or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, paying for shared office space and for services performed by any employee of an Affiliate or the Manager;  
 (xxiii)  has maintained and used and shall maintain and use separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its name and not bearing the name of any other entity unless such entity is clearly designated as being the Special Purpose Entity s agent; 
 (xxiv)  has not pledged and shall not pledge its assets to secure the obligations of any other Person, except to Lender to secure the Loan; 
 (xxv)  has held itself out and identified itself and shall hold itself out and identify itself as a separate and distinct entity under its own name or in a name franchised or licensed to it by an entity other than an Affiliate of Borrower and not as a division or part of any other Person; 
 (xxvi)  has maintained and shall maintain its assets and liabilities in such a manner that it shall not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets and liabilities from those of any other Person; 
 (xxvii)  has not made and shall not make loans to any Person and has not held and shall not hold evidence of indebtedness issued by any other Person or entity (other than cash and Permitted Investments); 
 (xxviii)  has not identified and shall not identify its members, the Manager or any Affiliate of any of them, as a division or part of it, and has not identified itself and shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person; 
 (xxix)  other than capital contributions and distributions permitted under the terms of its organizational documents, has not entered into or been a party to, and shall not enter into or be a party to, any transaction with any of its members or the Manager except in the ordinary course of its business and on terms which are commercially reasonable terms comparable to those of an arm s-length transaction with an unrelated third party; 
 (xxx)  has not had and shall not have any obligation to, and has not indemnified and shall not indemnify its partners, officers, directors or members, as the case may be, in each case unless such an obligation or indemnification is fully subordinated to the Debt and shall not constitute a claim against it in the event that its cash flow is insufficient to pay the Debt; 
 (xxxi)  has not had and shall not have any of its obligations guaranteed by any Affiliate, except as provided by the Loan Documents; 
 (xxxii)  has not formed, acquired or held and shall not form, acquire or hold any subsidiary, except as contemplated by the Loan Documents; 
 - 46 - 

(xxxiii)    has complied and shall comply with all of the terms and provisions contained in its organizational documents;  
 (xxxiv)  has conducted and shall conduct its business so that each of the assumptions made about it and each of the facts stated about it in the Insolvency Opinion, or if applicable, any Additional Insolvency Opinion, are true and correct in all material respects; and 
 (xxxv)  has not permitted and shall not permit any Affiliate or constituent party independent access to its bank accounts, except Manager pursuant to a Management Agreement entered into in accordance with this Agreement. 
   Specified Liens   means the Liens described on  Schedule VII  affecting one or more of the Properties as of the Closing Date,  provided  that all such Liens on the affected Properties are affirmatively covered by the Title Insurance Policies. 
   Sponsor   means Colony Starwood Homes Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
   Sponsor Financial Covenant   means the requirement that Sponsor or any Qualified Transferee that executes and delivers a replacement guaranty pursuant to  Section 4.2.17(e)  maintain Net Assets of not less than $150,000,000 (exclusive of Sponsor s or such Qualified Transferee s indirect interest in Borrower). 
   Sponsor Guaranty   means that certain Sponsor Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Sponsor in favor of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
   Spread Maintenance Date   means the Payment Date occurring in December 2018. 
   Spread Maintenance Premium   means, with respect to any prepayment of principal (or acceleration of the Loan) prior to the Spread Maintenance Date (other than payments made pursuant to  Section 2.4.2(a)  (except where such prepayment arises as a result of a Voluntary Action) or  Section 2.4.2(c) ), and with respect to each Floating Rate Component, an amount equal to the product of the following:  (i) the amount of such prepayment (or the amount of principal so accelerated) allocable to such Floating Rate Component,  multiplied  by (ii) the Floating Rate Component Spread applicable to such Floating Rate Component,  multiplied  by (iii) a fraction (expressed as a percentage) having a numerator equal to the number of months difference between the Spread Maintenance Date and the date such prepayment occurs (or the next succeeding Payment Date through which interest has been paid by Borrower) and a denominator equal to twelve (12).  The total Spread Maintenance Premium shall be the sum of the Spread Maintenance Premium for each of the Floating Rate Components.  All Spread Maintenance Premium payments hereunder shall be deemed to be earned by Lender upon the funding of the Loan. 
   State   means, with respect to a Property, the State or Commonwealth in which such Property or any part thereof is located. 
 - 47 - 

Strike Price    means (i) as to any Interest Rate Cap Agreement during the Initial Term, 3.74419% per annum, and (ii) as to any Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement obtained in connection with the exercise of any Extension Option, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate at which the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the Calculation Date immediately preceding the commencement of the applicable Extension Term is not less than 1.20:1.00.  
   Subaccounts     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.6.2(e) . 
   Substitute Mortgage Documents     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.4.2(a)(x) . 
   Substitute Property   and     Substitute Properties     shall have the respective meanings set forth in  Section 2.4.2(a) . 
   Succeeding Interest Period     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.4.4(a)(ii) . 
   Tax Funds     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1.1 . 
   Tax Subaccount     has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1.1 . 
   Taxes   means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
   Tenant   means any Person obligated by contract or otherwise to pay monies (including a percentage of gross income, revenue or profits) under any Lease now or hereafter affecting all or any part of a Property. 
   Term   means the entire term of this Agreement, which shall expire upon repayment in full of the Debt. 
   Title Insurance Owner s Policy   means, with respect to each Property, an ALTA owner title insurance policy issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Lender in a form reasonably acceptable to Lender (or, if a Property is in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Lender) issued with respect to such Property and insuring the legal title to such Property. 
   Title Insurance Policy   means, with respect to each Property or multiple Properties encumbered by the same Mortgage, an ALTA mortgagee title insurance policy issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Lender containing such endorsements as Lender may reasonably require (to the extent available in the state where the Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located) in a form reasonably acceptable to Lender (or, if such Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Lender) issued with respect to such Property or Properties, as applicable, and insuring the Lien of the Mortgage Documents encumbering such Property or Properties, as applicable (subject to Permitted Liens). 
 - 48 - 

Transaction    means the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  
   Transfer     has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2.17(b) . 
   Transfer Date   means the date upon which a Transfer of a Property is consummated. 
   Transfer Expenses   means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the reasonable expenses of Borrower incurred in connection therewith not to exceed 6.0% of all gross amounts realized with respect thereto, for any of the following:  (i) third party real estate commissions, (ii) the closing costs of the purchaser of such Property actually paid by Borrower and (iii) Borrower s miscellaneous closings costs, including, but not limited to title, escrow and appraisal costs and expenses. 
   Trust and Servicing Agreement   means that certain Trust and Servicing Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among CSH Depositor, LLC, Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified form time to time. 
     Trust Fund Expenses   means (i) any interest payable to the Servicer, or any special servicer, trustee, operating advisor, custodian, or certificate administrator in connection with the Loan or the Properties pursuant to the Servicing Agreement in respect of advances made by any of the foregoing;  provided ,  however , that Borrower shall only be obligated to pay any amounts described in this  clause (i)  if and to the extent such interest exceeds the sum of the Default Rate interest and late payment charges payable pursuant to  Section 2.3.4  in respect of the event giving rise to the related advances; (ii) all special servicing fees, work-out, liquidation fees and other fees payable to any special servicer under the Servicing Agreement (A) after the Loan is transferred to the special servicer as a result of (1) the occurrence of an Event of Default or (2) an acknowledgement by Borrower in writing that the Loan is likely to go into default, or (B) in connection with any Borrower requested or consensual work-out or modification of the Loan; (iii) the regularly monthly fee of the certificate administrator (capped at $5,650 per month) and the trustee (capped at $250 per month) under the Servicing Agreement, (iv) the fees and expenses of Midland Loan Services as Servicer as set forth in  Schedule VI , (v) the costs and expenses of any Servicer or any special servicer (including costs and expenses of any third party hired by such Servicer or special servicer) in connection with (A) the determination of market rents for purposes of and in accordance with  clause (ii)  of the definition of  GPR  and (B) the verification of information set forth in Quarterly HOA Reports delivered pursuant to  clause (h)  of  Schedule V , as well as the verification and/or preparation of any reports related to HOA compliance required to be performed by the Servicer or special servicer under the Trust and Servicing Agreement and (vi) except for the regular monthly fees payable to the master servicer and any operating advisor, any other cost, fee or expense of the Servicer, any special servicer, the trustee, the operating advisor and any certificate administrator under the Servicing Agreement (A) after the Loan is transferred to the special servicer as a result of (1) the occurrence of an Event of Default or (2) an acknowledgement by Borrower in writing that the Loan is likely to go into default, (B) the occurrence of an Event of Default under  clauses (i) ,  (ii)  or  (iii)  of  Section 7.1  or (C) in connection with any Borrower requested or consensual work out or  
 - 49 - 

modification of the Loan or any other special waiver or approval requests made by Borrower or Equity Owner during the term of the Loan (in each case including, but not limited to, (1) any costs and expenses in connection with Broker Price Opinions and, where Broker Price Opinions are not sufficient in accordance with customary mortgage servicing standards, appraisals of the Properties or the Equity Interests in Borrower (or any updates to Broker Price Opinions or such appraisals) conducted by or on behalf of the Servicer and/or special servicer, (2) property inspections conducted by or on behalf of the Servicer and/or special servicer, (3) lien searches conducted by or on behalf of the Servicer and/or special servicer, (4) any reimbursements to the trustee, the Servicer, the special servicer, the operating advisor, any certificate administrator thereunder and related Persons of each of the foregoing, or the trust fund, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, (5) any indemnification to Persons entitled thereto under the Servicing Agreement, (6) any out-of-pocket litigation expenses arising from an Event of Default and (7) the cost of Rating Agency Confirmations and/or opinions of counsel, if any, required to be obtained pursuant to the Servicing Agreement in connection with servicing or administering the Loan or the Properties and administration of the trust fund).  
   U.S. Person   means any Person that is a  United States person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate     has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.7(e)(iii)(B)(3) . 
   UCC   or   Uniform Commercial Code   means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State (with respect to fixtures), the State of New York or the state in which the Cash Management Account is located, as the case may be. 
   Underwritten Capital Expenditures   means, as of any date of determination, for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the product of (i) the number of Properties multiplied by (ii) $959. 
   Underwritten Net Cash Flow   means, as of any date of determination, the excess of:  (i) for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the sum of (A) the lesser of (x) GPR  multiplied by  92.6%, and (y) Actual Rent Collections, and (B) Other Receipts;  over  (ii)   for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the sum of (A) Operating Expenses, adjusted to reflect exclusion of amounts representing non-recurring expenses, (B) Underwritten Capital Expenditures and (C) Concessions.  For purposes of the foregoing calculations, for each of the first four Calculation Dates after the Closing Date, Operating Expenses, Concessions, Actual Rent Collections and Other Receipts with respect to the Properties for the period from the Closing Date to and including each such Calculation Date shall be annualized to determine the twelve (12) month Operating Expenses, Concessions, Actual Rent Collections and Other Receipts with respect to the Properties. 
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Underwritten Net Cash Flow shall not include (a) any Insurance Proceeds (other than business interruption and/or rental loss insurance proceeds and only to the extent allocable to the applicable reporting period), (b) any proceeds resulting from the Transfer of all or any portion of any Property, including any Award, (c)  any item of income otherwise included in Underwritten Net Cash Flow but paid directly by any Tenant to a Person  
 - 50 - 

other than Borrower as an offset or deduction against Rent payable by such Tenant,   provided   such item of income is for payment of an item of expense (such as payments for utilities paid directly to a utility company) and such expense is otherwise excluded from the definition of Operating Expenses pursuant to   clause (H)   of the definition thereof, (d) security deposits received from Tenants until forfeited or applied and (e) any lease buy-out or surrender payment from any Tenant.  
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Underwritten Net Cash Flow of any Property that is a Disqualified Property shall be zero for all purposes of this Agreement unless Borrower makes a deposit of Eligibility Funds into the Eligibility Reserves Subaccount in an amount equal to 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property. 
   United States   means the United States of America. 
   Unrestricted Cash   means any cash or Permitted Investments not held in the Cash Management Account, any Subaccount, the Rent Deposit Account or any Security Deposit Account or required to be deposited therein pursuant to this Agreement;  provided , that funds held in Borrower s Operating Account that were distributed to Borrower for Operating Expenses set forth in a Monthly Budgeted Amount or for Approved Extraordinary Expenses pursuant to  Section 2.6.3(j)(ii)  and which have not been expended therefor are not Unrestricted Cash. 
   Vacant Property   means, individually, and   Vacant Properties   means, collectively, the Properties listed on  Schedule X  attached hereto which are not leased to or occupied by any Tenant as of the Cut-Off Date. 
   Voluntary Action   means, in respect of any Property, a voluntary action or omission by any Loan Party or an action or omission by any third party authorized by a Loan Party that, in each case, such Loan Party intends to result in (i) an imposition of a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on such Property or (ii) a Transfer of such Property in violation of this Agreement. 
             Section 1.2   Principles of Construction  .  All references to sections and schedules are to sections and schedules in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.  All uses of the word  including  shall mean  including, without limitation  unless the context shall indicate otherwise.  Unless otherwise specified, the words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.  Unless otherwise specified, all meanings attributed to defined terms herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined.  
             Article II              - GENERAL TERMS  
             Section 2.1   Loan Commitment; Disbursement to Borrower  .  
             2.1.1   Agreement to Lend and Borrow  .  Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, Lender hereby agrees to make and Borrower hereby agrees to accept the Loan on the Closing Date.  
 - 51 - 

2.1.2    Components of the Loan  .  For purposes of the computation of the interest accrued on the Loan from time to time and certain other computations set forth herein, the Loan shall be divided into multiple components designated as  Component A ,  Component B ,  Component C ,  Component D ,  Component E ,  Component F  and  Component G .  The following table sets forth the initial principal amount of each such Component.  

2.1.3   Single Disbursement to Borrower  .  Borrower may request and receive only one (1) borrowing hereunder in respect of the Loan and any amount borrowed and repaid hereunder in respect of the Loan may not be reborrowed.  Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Loan has been fully funded as of the Closing Date.  
             2.1.4   The Note, Mortgages and Loan Documents  .  The Loan shall be evidenced by the Note and secured by the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents.  
             2.1.5   Use of Proceeds  .  Borrower shall use proceeds of the Loan to (a) make initial deposits of the Reserve Funds, (b) make distributions to Equity Owner, (c) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the Loan and the related Securitization, and (d) to the extent any proceeds remain after satisfying   clauses (a)   through   (c)   above, for such lawful purpose as Borrower shall designate.  
             Section 2.2   Interest Rate  .  
             2.2.1   Interest Rate  .  Each Component of the Loan shall accrue interest throughout the Term at the Interest Rate applicable to such Component during each Interest Period.  The total interest accrued under the Loan shall be the sum of the interest accrued on the outstanding balance of each of the Components.  Borrower shall pay to Lender on each Payment Date the interest accrued or to be accrued on the Loan for the related Interest Period.  
             2.2.2   Interest Calculation  .  Interest on the Components of the Loan and other Obligations shall be calculated by multiplying (A) the actual number of days elapsed in the period for which the calculation is being made by (B) a daily rate based on a three hundred sixty (360) day year (that is, the Interest Rate expressed as an annual rate divided by 360) or, in the case of any Loan or other Obligations bearing interest by reference to the Prime Rate, a daily rate based on three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six (366) day year (that is, the Interest Rate expressed as an annual rate divided by 365 or 366, as the case may be, by (C) the Outstanding Principal Balance or the amount of such other Obligations, as applicable.  The accrual period for calculating interest due on each Payment Date shall be the Interest Period in which such Payment Date occurs.  
 - 52 - 

2.2.3    Determination of Interest Rate  .  
 (a)   Component G shall accrue interest at the Component G Interest Rate.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this   Section 2.2.3  , the Floating Rate Components of the Loan shall be a LIBOR Loan.  In the event that Lender shall have reasonably determined that by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank Eurodollar market LIBOR cannot be determined as provided in the definition of LIBOR as set forth herein, then Lender shall forthwith give notice thereof by telephone of such fact, confirmed in writing, to Borrower at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Determination Date.  If such notice is given, the Floating Rate Components of the Loan shall be converted, from and after the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period, to a Prime Rate Loan bearing interest based on the Prime Rate in effect on the related Determination Date.  
 (b)   If, pursuant to the terms of   Section 2.2.3(a)  , the Floating Rate Components of Loan have been converted to a Prime Rate Loan but thereafter LIBOR can again be determined as provided in the definition of LIBOR as set forth herein, Lender may give notice thereof to Borrower and convert the Prime Rate Loan back to a LIBOR Loan by delivering to Borrower notice of such conversion no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City Time), one (1) Business Day prior to the next succeeding Determination Date.  If such notice is given, the Floating Rate Components of the Loan shall be converted, from and after the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period, to a LIBOR Loan bearing interest based on LIBOR in effect on the related Determination Date.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Borrower have the right to elect to convert a LIBOR Loan to a Prime Rate Loan.  
 (c)   If any requirement of law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, in any case after the date hereof, shall hereafter make it unlawful for Lender to make or maintain a LIBOR Loan as contemplated hereunder, (i) the obligation of Lender hereunder to make a LIBOR Loan or to convert a Prime Rate Loan to a LIBOR Loan shall be canceled forthwith and (ii) any outstanding LIBOR Loan shall be converted automatically to a Prime Rate Loan on the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period or within such earlier period as required by law.  Borrower hereby agrees promptly to pay Lender, upon demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate Lender for any out-of-pocket costs reasonably incurred by Lender in making any conversion in accordance with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any interest or fees payable by Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain the LIBOR Loan hereunder.  Lender s notice of such costs, as certified to Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  
 (d)   In the event that any change in any requirement of law or in the interpretation or application thereof, or compliance by Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) hereafter issued from any central bank or other Governmental Authority:  
 (i)   shall hereafter impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of Lender which is not otherwise included in the determination of LIBOR hereunder;  
 - 53 - 

(ii)    shall hereafter have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Lender s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration Lender s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by any amount deemed by Lender to be material;  
 (iii)   shall hereafter subject Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in   clauses (b)   through   (d)   of     the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or  
 (iv)   shall hereafter impose on Lender any other condition and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Lender of making, renewing or maintaining loans or extensions of credit or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder;  
 then, in any such case, Borrower shall promptly pay Lender, upon demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate Lender for such additional cost or reduced amount receivable which Lender deems to be material as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion.  If Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this  Section 2.2.3(d) , Lender shall provide Borrower with not less than thirty (30) days written notice specifying in reasonable detail the event by reason of which it has become so entitled and the additional amount required to fully compensate Lender for such additional cost or reduced amount.  A certificate as to any additional costs or amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Lender to Borrower shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.  Subject to  Section 2.7 , this  Section 2.2.3(d)  shall survive payment of the Debt and the satisfaction of all other Obligations. 
 (e)   Borrower agrees to indemnify Lender and to hold Lender harmless from any loss or expense which Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of (i) any default by Borrower in payment of the principal of or interest on a LIBOR Loan, including, without limitation, any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain a LIBOR Loan hereunder, (ii) any prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) of the LIBOR Loan on a day that (A) is not a Payment Date or (B) is a Payment Date if Borrower did not give the prior written notice of such prepayment required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain the LIBOR Loan hereunder and (iii) the conversion pursuant to the terms hereof of the LIBOR Loan to the Prime Rate Loan on a date other than the Payment Date, including, without limitation, such loss or expenses arising from interest or fees payable by Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to maintain a LIBOR Loan hereunder (the amounts referred to in   clauses (i)  ,   (ii)   and   (iii)   are herein referred to collectively as the    Breakage Costs      provided  ,     however  ,   Borrower shall not indemnify Lender from any loss or expense arising from Lender s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  This provision shall survive payment of the Note in full and the satisfaction of all other obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  
 - 54 - 

2.2.4    Additional Costs  .  Lender will use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to maintain the availability of the LIBOR Loan and to avoid or reduce any increased or additional costs payable by Borrower under   Section 2.2.3  , including, if requested by Borrower, a transfer or assignment of the Loan to a branch, office or Affiliate of Lender in another jurisdiction, or a redesignation of its lending office with respect to the Loan, in order to maintain the availability of the LIBOR Loan or to avoid or reduce such increased or additional costs,   provided   that the transfer or assignment or redesignation (a) would not result in any additional costs, expenses or risk to Lender that are not reimbursed by Borrower and (b) would not be disadvantageous in any other respect to Lender (including the effect on any Securitization) as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion.  
             2.2.5   Default Rate  .  In the event that, and for so long as, any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of each of the Floating Rate Components and, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, all other portions of the Debt (other than the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component G), shall accrue interest at the Default Rate, calculated from the date such payment was due or, if later, such Default shall have occurred, without regard to any grace or cure periods contained herein.  Interest at the Default Rate shall be paid immediately upon demand, which demand may be made as frequently as Lender shall elect, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law.  
             2.2.6   Usury Savings  .  This Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents are subject to the express condition that at no time shall Borrower be obligated or required to pay interest on the principal balance of the Loan at a rate which could subject Lender to either civil or criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate.  If, by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower is at any time required or obligated to pay interest on the principal balance due hereunder at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate, the Interest Rate or the Default Rate, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate and all previous payments in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal and not on account of the interest due hereunder.  All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Lender for the use, forbearance, or detention of the sums due under the Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full stated term of the Loan until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the Loan does not exceed the Maximum Legal Rate of interest from time to time in effect and applicable to the Loan for so long as the Loan is outstanding.  
             2.2.7   Interest Rate Cap Agreement  .  
   (a)   Prior to or contemporaneously with the Closing Date, Borrower shall enter into an Interest Rate Cap Agreement with a LIBOR strike price equal to the Strike Price.  The Interest Rate Cap Agreement (i) shall be in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender, (ii) shall at all times be with an Acceptable Counterparty, (iii) shall, by its terms or via the Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement described below, direct such Acceptable Counterparty to deposit directly into the Cash Management Account any amounts due Borrower under such Interest Rate Cap Agreement so long as any portion of the Debt exists,   provided   that the Debt shall be deemed to exist if any Property is transferred by judicial or non-judicial foreclosure or deed-in-lieu thereof, (iv) shall be for a period through the end of the Interest   
 - 55 - 

Period ending immediately following the Maturity Date and (v) shall at all times have a notional amount equal to or greater than the aggregate Component Outstanding Principal Balances of the Floating Rate Components and shall at all times provide for the applicable Strike Price.  Borrower shall collaterally assign to Lender, pursuant to the Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement between Borrower and Lender, dated as of the Closing Date (the    Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement   ), all of its right, title and interest to receive any and all payments under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and shall deliver to Lender an executed counterpart of such Interest Rate Cap Agreement (which shall, by its terms, authorize the assignment to Lender and require that payments be deposited directly into the Cash Management Account) and shall notify the Acceptable Counterparty of such assignment.  
 (b)   Borrower shall comply with all of its obligations under the terms and provisions of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  All amounts paid by the Acceptable Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement to Borrower shall be deposited immediately into the Cash Management Account or into such account as specified by Lender.  Borrower shall take all actions reasonably requested by Lender to enforce Lender s rights under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement in the event of a default by the Acceptable Counterparty and shall not waive, amend or otherwise modify any of its rights thereunder.  
 (c)   In the event of any downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating of the Acceptable Counterparty by any Approved Rating Agency such that it ceases to qualify as an Acceptable Counterparty, unless the Counterparty shall have posted collateral on terms acceptable to each Approved Rating Agency, Borrower shall replace the Interest Rate Cap Agreement with a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement not later than ten (10) Business Days following receipt of notice from Lender of such downgrade, withdrawal or qualification.  In the event that the Counterparty is downgraded (i) below BBB+ by S P or (ii) below  Baa1  by Moody s, a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be required regardless of the posting of collateral.  
 (d)   In the event that Borrower fails to purchase and deliver to Lender the Interest Rate Cap Agreement or fails to maintain the Interest Rate Cap Agreement in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Lender may purchase the Interest Rate Cap Agreement and the cost incurred by Lender in purchasing such Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be paid by Borrower to Lender with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date such cost was incurred by Lender until such cost is reimbursed by Borrower to Lender.  
 (e)   In connection with the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, Borrower shall obtain and deliver to Lender an opinion from counsel (which counsel may be in house counsel for the Acceptable Counterparty) for the Acceptable Counterparty (upon which Lender and its successors and assigns may rely) which shall provide, in relevant part, that (a    Counterparty Opinion   ):  
 (i)   the Acceptable Counterparty is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and has the organizational power and authority to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement;  
 - 56 - 

(ii)    the execution and delivery of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement by the Acceptable Counterparty, and any other agreement which the Acceptable Counterparty has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been and remain duly authorized by all necessary action and do not contravene any provision of its certificate of incorporation or by   laws (or equivalent organizational documents) or any law, regulation or contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its property;  
 (iii)   all consents, authorizations and approvals required for the execution and delivery by the Acceptable Counterparty of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and any other agreement which the Acceptable Counterparty has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been obtained and remain in full force and effect, all conditions thereof have been duly complied with, and no other action by, and no notice to or filing with any Governmental Authority is required for such execution, delivery or performance; and  
 (iv)   the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and any other agreement which the Acceptable Counterparty has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, has been duly executed and delivered by the Acceptable Counterparty and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Acceptable Counterparty, enforceable against the Acceptable Counterparty in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).  
             Section 2.3   Loan Payment  .  
             2.3.1   Monthly Debt Service Payments  .  Borrower shall pay to Lender (a) on the Closing Date, an amount equal to interest only on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Components from the Closing Date up to and including December 14, 2016, which interest shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of   Section 2.2   and (b) on the Payment Date occurring on January 9, 2017, and on each Payment Date thereafter up to and including the Maturity Date, Borrower shall make a payment to Lender equal to the Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount.  Borrower shall also pay to Lender on the Closing Date all amounts required in respect of Reserve Funds as set forth in   Article VI   and an amount equal to the sum of the initial monthly certificate administrator fee and the initial monthly trustee fee.  
               2.3.2   Payments Generally  .  The first Interest Period hereunder shall commence on and include the Closing Date and shall end on and include December 14, 2016.  Thereafter during the term of the Loan, each Interest Period shall commence on the fifteenth (15 th ) day of the calendar month preceding the calendar month in which the related Payment Date occurs and shall end on and include the fourteenth (14 th ) day of the calendar month in which the related Payment Date occurs.  For purposes of making payments hereunder, but not for purposes of calculating Interest Periods, if the day on which such payment is due is not a Business Day, then amounts due on such date shall be due on the immediately preceding Business Day and with respect to payments of principal due on the Maturity Date, interest shall be payable at the Interest Rate or the Default Rate, as the case may be, through and including the last day of the related Interest Period.  All   
 - 57 - 

amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be payable without setoff, counterclaim, defense or any other deduction whatsoever.  
             2.3.3   Payment on Maturity Date  .  Borrower shall pay to Lender on the Maturity Date the Outstanding Principal Balance, all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due hereunder and under the Note, the Mortgage Documents and the other Loan Documents.  
             2.3.4   Late Payment Charge  .  If any principal, interest or any other sums due under the Loan Documents (including the amounts due on the Maturity Date but other than any amounts due with respect to Component G) are not paid by Borrower on or prior to the date on which it is due, Borrower shall pay to Lender upon demand an amount equal to the lesser of four percent (4%) of such unpaid sum or the Maximum Legal Rate in order to defray the expense incurred by Lender in handling and processing such delinquent payment and to compensate Lender for the loss of the use of such delinquent payment.  Any such amount shall be secured by the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents to the extent permitted by applicable law.  
             2.3.5   Method and Place of Payment  .  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments and prepayments under this Agreement and the Note shall be made to Lender not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date when due and shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds at Lender s office or as otherwise directed by Lender, and any funds received by Lender after such time shall, for all purposes hereof, be deemed to have been paid on the next succeeding Business Day.  
             Section 2.4   Prepayments  .  
             2.4.1   Voluntary Prepayments  .    Provided   that Borrower shall timely deliver to Lender a Prepayment Notice, Borrower may prepay all or any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance and any other amounts outstanding under the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage Documents and any of the other Loan Documents, on any Business Day;   provided     that Borrower shall comply with the provisions of and pay to Lender the amounts set forth in   Section 2.4.4  .  Each such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount equal to $1,000,000 and in integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof and shall be made and applied in the manner set forth in   Section 2.4.4  .  
             2.4.2   Mandatory Prepayments  .  
   (a)   Disqualified Properties  .  If at any time any Property shall become a Disqualified Property, Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the fifth (5 th ) Business Day following the last day of the applicable Cure Period, give notice thereof to Lender and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property.  After the prepayment of the Debt by the Release Amount with respect to a Disqualified Property as   provided   above, Lender shall release the Disqualified Property from the applicable Mortgage Documents and related Lien,   provided  , that (x) Borrower has delivered to Lender a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage and the Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents applicable to the Disqualified Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Disqualified Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Disqualified Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and   
 - 58 - 

substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Disqualified Property is located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender and (y) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Lender s reasonable attorneys  fees).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in lieu of such prepayment, Borrower may either (1) deposit an amount equal to 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Disqualified Property in the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount in accordance with and subject to   Section 6.5   or (2) substitute a Disqualified Property or a portfolio of Disqualified Properties (each, an    Affected Property    and collectively, the    Affected Properties   ) with a substitute Eligible Property or a portfolio of Eligible Properties (each, a    Substitute Property    and collectively, the    Substitute Properties   )   provided   that, in the case of a proposed substitution, the following conditions are satisfied:  
 (i)   each substitute Eligible Property shall be a single family residential real property, but excluding housing cooperatives and manufactured housing;  
 (ii)   no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing except as related to, and cured by the removal of, the Affected Property being substituted;  
 (iii)   Lender shall have obtained, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, a Broker Price Opinion for the Substitute Property (or Broker Price Opinions for a portfolio of Substitute Properties) and based on such Broker Price Opinion(s), the Substitute Property (or portfolio of Substitute Properties) shall have the same or greater BPO Value as the greater of (x) the BPO Value of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted as of the Closing Date and (y) the BPO Value of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted at the time of substitution;  
 (iv)   Borrower shall deliver to Lender an Officer s Certificate stating that each Substitute Property satisfies each of the Property Representations and is in compliance with each of the Property Covenants on the date of the substitution after giving effect to the substitution;  
 (v)   there is an Eligible Lease for each Substitute Property;  
 (vi)   the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Substitute Property (or Substitute Properties, if a portfolio of Affected Properties are being substituted) shall be equal to or greater than the greater of (A) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the time of substitution and (B) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the Closing Date;  
 (vii)   simultaneously with the substitution, Borrower shall convey all of Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted to a Person other than a Loan Party and Borrower shall deliver to Lender a copy of the deed conveying all or Borrower s right, title and interest in such Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted;  
 - 59 - 

(viii)    Borrower shall deliver on or prior to the date of substitution evidence satisfactory to Lender that each Substitute Property is insured pursuant to Policies meeting the requirements of   Article V  ;  
 (ix)   Borrower shall deliver to Lender the deed, Title Insurance Owner s Policy and the Lease with respect to each Substitute Property;  
 (x)   Borrower shall have executed and delivered to Lender, the Mortgage Documents with respect to each Substitute Property, which shall be in substantially the same form as the Mortgage, Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing, if applicable, executed and/or delivered on the Closing Date with such changes as may be necessitated or appropriate (as reasonably determined by Lender) for the jurisdiction in which the Substitute Property is located, and which may, in Lender s reasonable discretion, be Mortgage Documents with respect to only such Substitute Property (and in the event the Substitute Property is located in the same county or parish in which one or more other Properties (other than the Affected Property or Affected Properties being substituted) is located, such Mortgage and Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents may be in the form of an amendment and spreader agreement to the existing Mortgage and Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents covering such Property or Properties located in the same county or parish as the Substitute Property, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender) (the    Substitute Mortgage Documents     
 (xi)   Borrower shall deliver to Lender the following opinions of counsel:  (A) an opinion of counsel admitted to practice under the laws of the state in which the Substitute Property (or portfolio of Substitute Properties) being substituted is located in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender opining as to the enforceability of the Substitute Mortgage Documents with respect to the Substitute Property and (B) an opinion stating that the Substitute Mortgage Documents were duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and that the execution and delivery of such Substitute Mortgage Documents and the performance by Borrower of its obligations thereunder will not cause a breach or a default under, any agreement, document or instrument to which Borrower is a party or to which it or the Properties are bound and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;  
 (xii)   Lender shall have received a Title Insurance Policy for the Substitute Property (or, in the event a Substitute Property is located in the same county or parish in which one or more other Properties (other than an Affected Property being substituted) is located, an endorsement to the existing Title Insurance Policy with respect to such Property or Properties located in the same county or parish as such Substitute Property in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender) insuring the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering such Substitute Property as a valid first lien on such Substitute Property, free and clear of all exceptions other than the Permitted Liens;  
 (xiii)   each Substitute Property shall be located in a metropolitan statistical area that contains at least one property described on the Properties Schedule as of the Closing Date,  
 - 60 - 

(xiv)    no acquisition of a Substitute Property will result in Borrower or any Loan Party incurring any Indebtedness (except as permitted by this Agreement);  
 (xv)   the aggregate Allocated Loan Amounts of the Disqualified Properties being substituted, together with the aggregate Allocated Loan Amounts of all Disqualified Properties that have been substituted with Substitute Properties since the Closing Date, shall be no more than ten percent (10%) of the Initial Principal Balance;  
 (xvi)   if any Lien, litigation or governmental proceeding is existing or pending or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of Manager or a Loan Party, threatened against any Affected Property being substituted with a Substitute Property or against such Substitute Property which may result in liability for Borrower, Borrower shall have deposited with Lender reserves reasonably satisfactory to Lender as security for the satisfaction of such liability; and  
 (xvii)   Borrower shall pay to Lender all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the substitution (including, without limitation, costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the release of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted from applicable Mortgage Documents) and, in addition, the fee specified on   Schedule VI   as being assessed by Servicer to effect releases or assignments.  
 Any such deposit in the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount or any such substitution shall be completed no later than the due date for the prepayment required under this  Section 2.4.2(a) .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, if the Loan is included in a REMIC Trust, no substitution under this Agreement will be permitted unless (1) either (aa) immediately after such substitution the ratio of the unpaid principal balance of the Loan to the value of the remaining Properties (as determined by Lender in its sole discretion using any commercially reasonable method permitted to a REMIC Trust; and which shall exclude the value of personal property (other than fixtures) or going concern value, if any) is equal to or less than 125% or (bb) the ratio of the unpaid principal balance of the Loan to the value of the Properties (including the Substitute Property or Substitute Properties) will not increase as a result of the substitution of the Substitute Property or Substitute Properties for the Affected Property or Affected Properties, or (2) Lender receives an opinion of counsel that the Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a result of the substitution of the Substitute Property or Substitute Properties for the Affected Property or Affected Properties. 
   Simultaneously with the substitution of a Affected Property, Lender shall release the Affected Property or Affected Properties from the applicable Mortgage Documents and related Lien,  provided  that Borrower has delivered to Lender a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage and the Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents applicable to the Affected Property or Affected Properties encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Affected Property or Affected Properties, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Affected Property or Affected Properties being substituted and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the  
 - 61 - 

jurisdiction in which such Affected Property or Affected Properties are located which contains standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender.  
 (b)   Transfer  .  If at any time any Property is sold or otherwise disposed of to a third party (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower TRS), then Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the day on which such Transfer occurs, give notice thereof to Lender and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property in accordance with   Section 2.5  .  
 (c)   Condemnation or Casualty  .  If Borrower is required to make any prepayment under   Section 5.3   or   Section 5.4   as a result of a Condemnation or Casualty, on the next occurring Payment Date following the date on which Lender actually receives the applicable Net Proceeds, such Net Proceeds, up to the amount required to be prepaid as provided in   Section 5.3   or   Section 5.4  , as applicable, shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in accordance with   Section 2.4.4(d)  .  For the avoidance of doubt, no Spread Maintenance Premium shall be due in connection with any prepayment made pursuant to this   Section 2.4.2(c)  .  
 (d)   Application of Mandatory Prepayments  .  Each such prepayment shall be made and applied in the manner set forth in   Section 2.4.4  .  
 (e)   Payment from Cash Management Account  .  Lender may collect any prepayment required under this   Section 2.4.2   from the Cash Management Account on the date such prepayment is payable hereunder.  
             2.4.3   Prepayments After Default  .  
 (a)   If, during the continuance of an Event of Default, payment of all or any part of the Debt is tendered by Borrower and accepted by Lender or is otherwise recovered by Lender (including through application of any Reserve Funds), such tender or recovery shall be deemed to be a voluntary prepayment by Borrower and Borrower shall pay, as part of the Debt, all of:  (i) all accrued interest calculated at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through and including the date of such prepayment together with an amount equal to the interest that would have accrued at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through the end of the Interest Period in which such prepayment occurs, notwithstanding that such Interest Period extends beyond the date of prepayment, (ii) the Interest Shortfall, if applicable, with respect to the amount prepaid, (iii) Breakage Costs, if any, without duplication of any sums paid pursuant to the preceding   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  , and (iv) an amount equal to the Spread Maintenance Premium (if made before the Spread Maintenance Date)  .  
 (b)   Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents from whatever source may be applied by Lender among the Components and other Obligations as Lender shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion.  
 - 62 - 

2.4.4    Prepayment/Repayment Conditions  .  
 (a)   On the date on which a prepayment, voluntary or mandatory, is made under the Note or as required under this Agreement, which date must be a Business Day, Borrower shall pay to Lender:  
 (i)   all accrued and unpaid interest calculated at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid on the applicable Component or Components through and including the Repayment Date together with an amount equal to the interest that would have accrued at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through the end of the Interest Period in which such prepayment occurs, notwithstanding that such Interest Period extends beyond the date of prepayment;  
 (ii)   if such prepayment is made during the period from and including the first day after a Payment Date through and including the last day of the Interest Period in which such prepayment occurs, all interest on the principal amount being prepaid on the applicable Component or Components which would have accrued from the first day of the Interest Period immediately following the Interest Period in which the prepayment occurs (the    Succeeding Interest Period   ) through and including the end of the Succeeding Interest Period, calculated at (A) the Interest Rate if such prepayment occurs on or after the Determination Date for the Succeeding Interest Period or (B) the Assumed Note Rate if such prepayment occurs before the Determination Date for the Succeeding Interest Period (the    Interest Shortfall     
 (iii)   Breakage Costs, if any, without duplication of any sums paid pursuant to the preceding   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  ;  
 (iv)   if such prepayment occurs prior to the Spread Maintenance Date, the Spread Maintenance Premium applicable thereto;   provided  , that no Spread Maintenance Premium shall be due in connection with a prepayment under   Section 2.4.2(a)   (except where such prepayment arises as a result of a Voluntary Action) or   Section 2.4.2(c)  ; and  
 (v)   all other sums, then due under the Note, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  
   (b)   If the Interest Shortfall for any Floating Rate Component was calculated based upon the Assumed Note Rate, upon determination of LIBOR on the Determination Date for the Succeeding Interest Period then (i) if the Interest Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component for such Succeeding Interest Period is less than the Assumed Note Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component, Lender shall promptly refund to Borrower the amount of the Interest Shortfall paid with respect to such Floating Rate Component, calculated at a rate equal to the difference between the Assumed Note Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component and the Interest Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component for such Interest Period, or (ii) if the Interest Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component is greater than the Assumed Note Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component, Borrower shall promptly (and in no event later than the ninth (9 th ) day of the following month) pay Lender the amount of such additional Interest Shortfall applicable to such Floating Rate Component calculated at a rate equal to the   
 - 63 - 

amount by which the Interest Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component exceeds the Assumed Note Rate applicable to such Floating Rate Component.  
 (c)   Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Lender incurred in connection with the repayment or prepayment (including without limitation reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses and out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to the Transfer or substitution of any Property);   provided  , for the avoidance of doubt, this provision shall not apply with respect to Taxes.  
 (d)   Except during an Event of Default, prepayments shall be applied by Lender in the following order of priority:  (i)   first  ,     to any amounts (other than principal, interest, Interest Shortfall, Breakage Costs and Spread Maintenance Premium) then due and payable under the Loan Documents, including any costs and expenses of Lender in connection with such prepayment; (ii)   second  , interest payable pursuant to   Section 2.4.4(a)(i)   on the applicable Component or Components being prepaid pursuant to this   clause (d)   at the Interest Rate; (iii)   third  , Interest Shortfall (if any) on the applicable Component or Components being prepaid pursuant to this   clause (d)  ; (iv)   fourth  , Breakage Costs (if any) on the applicable Component or Components being prepaid pursuant to this   clause (d)  ; (v)   fifth  , Spread Maintenance Premium, to the extent applicable, on the applicable Floating Rate Component or Floating Rate Components being prepaid pursuant to this   clause (d)   and (vi)   sixth  ,     to principal, applied as set forth in   clause (e)   below.  
 (e)   Except during an Event of Default, prepayments of principal of the Loan made pursuant to this   Section 2.4.4   shall be applied to the Loan (i)   first  , to Component A until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component A is reduced to zero, (ii)   second  , to Component B until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component B is reduced to zero, (iii)   third  , to Component C until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component C is reduced to zero, (iv)   fourth  , to Component D until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component D is reduced to zero, (v)   fifth  , to Component E until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component E is reduced to zero, (vi)   sixth  , to Component F until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component F is reduced to zero, and (vii)   seventh  , to Component G until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of Component G is reduced to zero;   provided  , that so long as no Event of Default is continuing, any voluntary prepayments of principal on the Loan made from Unrestricted Cash, other than Debt Yield Cure Prepayments, shall be applied to the Components of the Loan on a pro rata basis, based on the Component Outstanding Principal Balance of each such Component relative to the aggregate Component Outstanding Principal Balance for all of the Components until the Component Outstanding Principal Balance for each Component has been reduced to zero.  
 (f)   Prepayments under   Section 2.4.1   shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amounts for each Property on a pro rata basis.  Prepayments under   Section 2.4.2   shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amount with respect to the applicable Property, until the Allocated Loan Amount and any interest, fees or other Obligations related thereto is zero and any excess of such prepayment shall be applied to reduce the Allocated Loan Amounts for the remaining Properties on a pro rata basis.  
 - 64 - 

(g)    Lender shall, upon the written request and at the expense of Borrower, upon payment in full of the Debt in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, release the Liens of the Mortgage Documents and cause the trustees under any of the Mortgages to reconvey the applicable Properties to Borrower.  In connection with the releases of the Liens, Borrower shall submit to Lender, forms of releases of Liens (and related Loan Documents) for execution by Lender.  Such releases shall be the forms appropriate in the jurisdictions in which the Properties are located and contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender.  In addition, Borrower shall provide all other documentation Lender reasonably requires to be delivered by Borrower in connection with such releases, together with an Officer s Certificate certifying that such documentation (i) is in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and (ii) will effect such release in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Borrower shall pay all out-of-pocket costs, taxes and expenses associated with the release of the Liens of the Mortgage Documents, including Lender s reasonable attorneys  fees.  
             Section 2.5   Release of Property  .  Borrower and Borrower TRS may Transfer any Property (each, a    Release Property   ) and Lender shall release the Release Property from the applicable Mortgage Documents and release the security interest and Lien on any Collateral located at such Release Property,   provided   that the following conditions precedent to such Transfer are satisfied (the    Release Conditions      provided  , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Release Conditions do not need to be satisfied in order for Lender to release its security interest and Lien on any Disqualified Property in connection with any substitution in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(a)  :  
 (a)   Borrower shall submit to Lender, not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Transfer Date, a Request for Release, together with all attachments thereto and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender that the conditions precedent set forth in this   Section 2.5   will be satisfied upon the consummation of such Transfer (for the avoidance of doubt, no Request for Release need be provided in connection with a contribution of a Release Property to Borrower TRS prior to the Transfer thereof to such third party);  
 (b)   No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than a non-monetary Event of Default that is specific to such Release Property to which   Section 2.4.2(a)   is applicable and would be cured as a result of the release of the Release Property, so long as a mandatory prepayment is made with respect thereto in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(a)   (a    Qualified Release Property Default   ));  
 (c)   the Debt Yield as of the most recent Calculation Date, after giving pro forma effect for the elimination of the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Release Property and the repayment of the Loan in the applicable Release Amount, is at least the greater of (x) the Closing Date Debt Yield and (y) the actual Debt Yield as of such date;   provided  , that the condition in this   clause (c)   shall not be applicable to a Transfer of a Property if the Loan is prepaid in the amount that is the greater of the applicable Release Amount and 100% of the Net Transfer Proceeds for the Release Property;  
   (d)   Unless the release of the Release Property is effected in order to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, the Release Property shall be Transferred to a Person other than a   
 - 65 - 

Loan Party;   provided  , that Borrower may contribute the Release Property to Borrower TRS prior to the Transfer thereof to such third party;  
 (e)   Except for (i) a release of the Release Property that is effected in order to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, (ii) any contribution to Borrower TRS described in the   proviso   of the foregoing   clause (d)  , (iii) any Transfer of Properties to an Affiliate of Borrower (excluding any contributions to Borrower TRS permitted pursuant to   clause (ii)   above) in an aggregate amount equal to or less than five percent (5%) of the number of Properties as of the Closing Date, (iv) a release of Designated HOA Properties or (v) any other Transfer of Properties with respect to which the Borrower has obtained a Rating Agency Confirmation to the effect that such Transfer shall not cause a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the ratings assigned, or to be assigned, to the Securities or any class thereof in any Securitization, the Release Property shall be Transferred pursuant to a bona fide all-cash sale of the Release Property on arm s-length terms and conditions;  
 (f)   On or prior to the Transfer Date, Borrower shall prepay the Outstanding Principal Balance by an amount equal to the applicable Release Amount for the Release Property, and Borrower shall comply with the provisions and pay to Lender the amounts set forth in   Section 2.4.4  ;  
 (g)   If a Cash Sweep Period is continuing on the Transfer Date, the excess, if any, of (i) the Net Transfer Proceeds for the Release Property over (ii)  the applicable Release Amount for the Release Property and any other amounts payable to Lender in connection with such release, shall be deposited into the Cash Collateral Subaccount;  
 (h)   Borrower shall submit to Lender, not less than  five (5) Business Days  prior to the Transfer Date, a draft release for the applicable Mortgage Documents (and, in the event the Mortgage and the Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents applicable to the Release Property encumber other Property(ies) in addition to the Release Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Release Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which the Release Property is located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender.  In addition, Borrower shall provide all other documentation of a ministerial or administrative nature that Lender reasonably requires to be delivered by Borrower in connection with such release or assignment;  
 (i)   Borrower shall have paid all taxes and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lender and/or its Servicer in connection with any such release and, in addition, the fee specified on   Schedule VI   as being assessed by Servicer to effect such release; and  
   (j)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, if the Loan is included in a REMIC Trust and the ratio of the unpaid principal balance of the Loan to the value of the remaining Properties (as determined by Lender in its sole discretion using any commercially reasonable method permitted to a REMIC Trust; and which shall exclude the value of any personal property (other than fixtures) or going concern value, if any) exceeds or would exceed 125% immediately after giving effect to the release of the Release   
 - 66 - 

Property, no release will be permitted unless the principal balance of the Loan is prepaid by an amount not less than the greater of (i) the Release Amount or (ii) the least amount that is a  qualified amount  as that term is defined in IRS Revenue Procedure 2010-30, as the same may be amended, replaced, supplemented or modified from time to time, unless Lender receives an opinion of counsel that, if this   Section 2.5(j)   is applicable but not followed or is no longer applicable at the time of such release, the Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a result of the release of the Release Property.  
             Section 2.6   Rent Deposit Account/Cash Management  .  
             2.6.1   Rent Deposit Account  .  
 (a)   During the Term, Borrower shall establish and maintain an account for the purpose of collecting Rents (the    Rent Deposit Account   ) at an Eligible Institution selected by Borrower and reasonably approved by Lender (the    Rent Deposit Bank   ).  Borrower shall require each current and future Tenant to send all payments of Rent (whether by cash, check or electronic means) directly to the Rent Deposit Bank, payable to Borrower, for deposit into the Rent Deposit Account.  On or prior to the Closing Date, the Rent Deposit Bank will be instructed by Borrower to deposit all Rents received with respect to the Properties directly into the Rent Deposit Account.  Without the consent of Lender, neither Borrower nor Manager shall direct or cause the Rent Deposit Bank to deposit Rents in any bank account other than the Rent Deposit Account.  If Borrower or Manager shall receive any Rents, then Borrower shall and shall cause Manager to deposit such Rents into the Rent Deposit Account within three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof by Borrower or Manager.  Borrower shall (or instruct Manager to) cause all funds on deposit in the Rent Deposit Account to be deposited into the Cash Management Account every second (2 nd ) Business Day (or more frequently in Borrower s discretion);   provided  , that prior to any acceleration of the Loan, Borrower may cause Rent Deposit Account Bank to retain a reasonable amount of funds in the Rent Deposit Account with respect to anticipated overdrafts, charge-backs and bank fees and any minimum balance required by the Deposit Account Control Agreement or account terms for the Rent Deposit Account, not in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate.  Borrower hereby grants to Lender a first-priority security interest in the Rent Deposit Account and all deposits at any time contained therein and the proceeds thereof and will take all actions necessary to maintain in favor of Lender a perfected first priority security interest in the Rent Deposit Account, including, without limitation, filing UCC 1 financing statements and continuations thereof.  The Rent Deposit Account shall be subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement and Borrower and Manager shall have access to and may make withdrawals from and may direct the Rent Deposit Bank to withhold the deposit of Rent payments from the Rent Deposit Account for the sole purpose of making Rent Refunds;   provided  , that, in no event shall the amount of Rent Refunds so withdrawn from or withheld from the Rent Deposit Account during any calendar month exceed two and one-half percent (2.5)% of the total Rents actually deposited into the Rent Deposit Account during the prior calendar month;   provided  ,   further  , that during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may exercise sole control and dominion over the Rent Deposit Account and neither Borrower nor Manager shall have the right of access to, withdraw from or to give such direction regarding the Rent Deposit Account.  All monies now or hereafter deposited into the Rent Deposit Account shall be deemed additional security for the Debt.  
 - 67 - 

(b)    During the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lender, apply any sums then present in the Rent Deposit Account to the payment of the Debt in any order in its sole discretion.  
 (c)   The Rent Deposit Account shall not be commingled with other monies held by Borrower, Manager or Rent Deposit Bank.  
 (d)   Borrower shall not further pledge, assign or grant any security interest in the Rent Deposit Account or the monies deposited therein or permit any lien or encumbrance to attach thereto, or any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC 1 financing statements, except those naming Lender as the secured party, to be filed with respect thereto.  
 (e)   Borrower shall indemnify Lender and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations and out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) arising from or in any way connected with the Rent Deposit Account and/or the related Deposit Account Control Agreement (unless arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lender) or the performance of the obligations for which the Rent Deposit Account was established.  
             2.6.2   Cash Management Account  .  
 (a)   During the Term, Borrower shall establish and maintain a segregated Eligible Account (the    Cash Management Account   ) to be held by Cash Management Account Bank in trust and for the benefit of Lender, which Cash Management Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of Lender or the Servicer on behalf of Lender.  Borrower hereby grants to Lender a first-priority security interest in the Cash Management Account and all deposits at any time contained therein and the proceeds thereof and will take all actions necessary to maintain in favor of Lender a perfected first-priority security interest in the Cash Management Account, including, without limitation, filing UCC 1 financing statements and continuations thereof.  Borrower will not in any way alter or modify the Cash Management Account.  Lender and Servicer on behalf of Lender shall have the sole right to make withdrawals from the Cash Management Account and all costs and expenses for establishing and maintaining the Cash Management Account shall be paid by Borrower.  
 (b)   The insufficiency of funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account shall not relieve Borrower from the obligation to make any payments, as and when due pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such obligations shall be separate and independent, and not conditioned on any event or circumstance whatsoever.  
 (c)   All funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account following the occurrence of an Event of Default may be applied by Lender in such order and priority as Lender shall determine.  
   (d)   In the event of any Transfer of any Property, Borrower or Borrower TRS, as applicable, shall (or shall cause Manager or the closing title company or escrow agent, as applicable, to) deposit directly into the Cash Management Account the Net Transfer Proceeds for allocation in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Borrower shall cause all Cap   
 - 68 - 

Receipts to be paid directly to the Cash Management Account.  Except as expressly provided herein, Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, deposit any other Collections received by or on behalf of Borrower directly into the Cash Management Account or Rent Deposit Account within three (3) Business Days following receipt thereof;   provided  , that Insurance Proceeds and Condemnation Proceeds shall be handled in accordance with   Sections 5.2  ,   5.3   and   5.4  .  
 (e)   Lender may also establish subaccounts of the Cash Management Account which shall at all times be Eligible Accounts (and may be ledger or book entry accounts and not actual accounts) (such subaccounts are referred to herein as    Subaccounts   ).  The Reserve Funds will be maintained in Subaccounts.  
 (f)   The Cash Management Account and all other Subaccounts shall be subject to the Blocked Account Control Agreement and shall be under the sole control and dominion of Lender or Servicer on behalf of Lender.  Neither Borrower nor Manager shall have the right of withdrawal with respect to the Cash Management Account or any Subaccounts except with the prior written consent of Lender, and neither Borrower, Manager, nor any Person claiming on or behalf of or through Borrower or Manager shall have any right or authority to give instructions with respect to the Cash Management Account or the Subaccounts.  
 (g)   Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Cash Management Account Bank shall comply with (i) the instructions originated by Lender with respect to the disposition of funds in the Cash Management Account and the Subaccounts without the further consent of Borrower or Manager or any other Person and (ii) all  entitlement orders  (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) and instructions originated by Lender directing the transfer or redemption of any financial asset relating to the Cash Management Account or any Subaccount without further consent by Borrower or any other Person.  The Cash Management Account and each Subaccount is and shall be treated either as a  securities account , as such term is defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC, or a  deposit account , as defined in Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC.  
 (h)   During the Term, Borrower shall not and shall cause Manager not to deposit Rents or other Collections into any account other than a Rent Deposit Account or the Cash Management Account.  
             2.6.3   Order of Priority of Funds in Cash Management Account  .  Unless otherwise directed by Lender during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to   Section 2.6.4  , on each Payment Date during the Term, Collections on deposit in the Cash Management Account (less any fees and expenses of the Cash Management Account Bank then due and payable) on such day shall be applied on such Payment Date in the following order of priority:  
 (a)   first  , to Borrower, funds sufficient to pay the Rent Refund Monthly Disbursement Amount for such Payment Date, if any;  
 (b)   second  , to the applicable Security Deposit Account, the amount of any security deposits that have been deposited into the Cash Management Account by Borrower during the calendar month ending immediately prior to such Payment Date, as set forth in a written notice from Borrower to Lender delivered pursuant to   Section 4.3.9  ;  
 - 69 - 

(c)    third  , to Lender the amount of any mandatory prepayment of the Outstanding Principal Balance pursuant to   Sections 2.4.2   then due and payable and all other amounts payable in connection therewith, such amounts to be applied in the manner set forth in   Section 2.4.4(d)  ;  
 (d)   fourth  , to the Tax Subaccount, to make the required payments of Tax Funds as required under   Section 6.1  , subject to   Section 6.1.4   if a Property Tax Prepayment Election is in effect;  
 (e)   fifth  , to the Insurance Subaccount, to make any required payments of Insurance Funds as required under   Section 6.2  ;  
 (f)   sixth  , to Lender, funds sufficient to pay the Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount, applied (i)   first  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component A, (ii)   second  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component B, (iii)   third  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component C, (iv)   fourth  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component D, (v)   fifth  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component E, (vi)   sixth  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component F, and (vii)   seventh  , to the payment of interest then due and payable on Component G;  
 (g)   seventh  , to Manager, (i) management fees payable for the calendar month ending immediately prior to such Payment Date, but not in excess of the Management Fee Cap for such calendar month and (ii) leasing commissions payable for the calendar month ending immediately prior to such Payment Date to Manager, including in respect of leasing commissions payable by Manager to third-party property managers pursuant to sub-management agreements;  
 (h)   eighth  , to the Capital Expenditure Subaccount, to make the required payments of Capital Expenditure Funds as required under   Section 6.3  ;  
 (i)   ninth  , to Lender, any other fees, costs, expenses (including Trust Fund Expenses) or indemnities then due or payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;  
 (j)   tenth  , all amounts remaining after payment of the amounts set forth in   clauses (a)   through   (i)   above     (the    Available Cash   ) either:  
 (i)   if as of a Payment Date no Cash Sweep Period is continuing, any remaining amounts to Borrower s Operating Account; and  
 (ii)   if as of a Payment Date a Cash Sweep Period is continuing:  
 (A)   first  , to Borrower s Operating Account, funds in an amount equal to the Monthly Budgeted Amount;  
 (B)   second  , to Borrower s Operating Account, payments for Approved Extraordinary Expenses, if any; and  
 (C)   third  , to the Cash Collateral Subaccount to be held or disbursed in accordance with   Section 6.6  .  
 - 70 - 

2.6.4    Application During Event of Default  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including   Section 2.6.3  ), upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender, at its option, may apply any Collections then in the possession of Lender, Servicer or the Cash Management Account Bank (including any Reserve Funds on deposit in the Subaccounts) or the Rent Deposit Bank to the payment of the Debt in such order, proportion and priority as Lender may determine in its sole and absolute discretion.  Lender s right to withdraw and apply any of the foregoing funds shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided to Lender under the Loan Documents.  
             2.6.5   Payments Received in the Cash Management Account  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower s obligations with respect to the payment of the Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount and amounts required to be deposited into the Reserve Funds, if any, shall be deemed satisfied to the extent sufficient amounts taking into account the order and priority set forth in   Section 2.6.2  ) are deposited in the Cash Management Account to satisfy such obligations pursuant to this Agreement on the dates each such payment is required, regardless of whether any of such amounts are so applied by Lender.  
             Section 2.7   Withholding Taxes  .  
 (a)   Payments Free of Taxes  .  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Borrower, then the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 2.7(a)  ) the Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.  
 (b)   Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower  .  The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes.  
 (c)   Indemnification by the Borrower  .  The Borrower shall indemnify Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  
   (d)   Evidence of Payments  .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this   Section 2.7  , the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental   
 - 71 - 

Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.  
 (e)   Status of Borrower and Lenders  .  
 (i)   Borrower shall not at any time make an election to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes but shall maintain its tax status as either a  disregarded entity  or  partnership  for purposes of U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
 (ii)   Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will enable the Borrower to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Section 2.7(e)(ii)(A)  ,   (ii)(B)   and   (ii)(D)  ) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.  
 (iii)   Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  
 (A)   any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), executed originals of IRS Form W 9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
 (B)   any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), whichever of the following is applicable:  
   (1)   in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W 8BEN (in the case of an individual) or IRS Form W 8BEN-E (in the case of an entity) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W 8BEN (in the case of an individual) or IRS   
 - 72 - 

Form W   8BEN-E (in the case of an entity) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty;  
 (2)   executed originals of IRS Form W 8ECI;  
 (3)   in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W 8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E, as applicable; or  
 (4)   to the extent a Foreign Lender is a partnership or is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W 8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W 8ECI, IRS Form W 8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, reasonably satisfactory to Borrower, IRS Form W 9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided  , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, reasonably satisfactory to Borrower, on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;  
 (C)   any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and  
   (D)   if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower as may be necessary for the Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender   
 - 73 - 

has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this   clause (D)  ,  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f)   Treatment of Certain Refunds  .  If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this   Section 2.7   (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 2.7  ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this   Section 2.7(f)   (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 2.7(f)  , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this   Section 2.7(f)   the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid.  This   Section 2.7(f)   shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.  
 (g)   Survival  .  Each party s obligations under this   Section 2.7   shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.  
             Section 2.8   Extension of the Initial Maturity Date  .  Borrower shall have the option to extend the term of the Loan beyond the Initial Maturity Date of the Loan for three (3) successive terms (each such option, an    Extension Option    and each such successive term, an    Extension Term   ) of one (1) year each (the Maturity Date following the exercise of each such option is hereinafter the    Extended Maturity Date   ) upon satisfaction of the following terms and conditions:  
 (a)   no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Initial Maturity Date or the then-current Extended Maturity Date (as applicable);  
   (b)   Borrower shall provide Lender with written notice of its election to extend the Maturity Date as aforesaid not later than twenty (20) days and not earlier than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date the Loan is then scheduled to mature.  Borrower shall have the right to revoke any notice of its election to extend the Maturity Date by giving written notice   
 - 74 - 

to Lender not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Initial Maturity Date or the then-current Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (  provided   that Borrower shall pay all actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Lender incurred in reliance upon the expected extension of the term of the Loan, including any Breakage Costs);  
 (c)   Borrower shall obtain and deliver to Lender on the first day of the applicable Extension Term, one or more Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreements in form substantially identical to the Interest Rate Cap Agreements delivered to Lender in connection with the closing of the Loan or otherwise in a form which is reasonably acceptable to the Lender, from an Acceptable Counterparty in a notional amount equal to the aggregate Component Outstanding Principal Balances of the Floating Rate Components, which Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be effective commencing on the first date of such Extension Term and shall have a scheduled term that expires not earlier than the last day of the Interest Period in which the applicable Extended Maturity Date is scheduled to occur after giving effect to the option then being exercised;  
 (d)   Borrower shall deliver a Counterparty Opinion with respect to the Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement and the related Acknowledgment and shall deliver to Lender an executed Collateral Assignment of Interest Rate Cap Agreement;  
 (e)   All amounts due and payable by Borrower and any other Person pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents as of the Initial Maturity Date or the then-current Extended Maturity Date (as applicable), and all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Lender, including fees and expenses of Lender s counsel, in connection with the Loan and/or the applicable extension of the Term shall have been paid in full.  
 (f)   Borrower shall have delivered to Lender together with its notice pursuant to   Section 2.8(b)   and at Lender s reasonable request, on the commencement date of the applicable Extension Option, an Officer s Certificate in form reasonably acceptable to the Lender certifying that each of the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Loan Documents is true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the giving of the notice to the extent such representations and warranties are not matters which by their nature can no longer be true and correct as a result of the passage of time.  
             Article III              - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
             Section 3.1   General Representations  .  Borrower represents and warrants to Lender as of the Closing Date that, except to the extent (if any) disclosed on   Schedule III   with reference to a specific subsection of this   Section 3.1  :  
               3.1.1   Organization  .  Each Loan Party has been duly organized and is validly existing with requisite power and authority to own its properties and to transact the businesses in which it is now engaged.  Each Loan Party is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so qualified in connection with its properties, businesses and operations, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Loan Party possesses all rights, licenses, permits and authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to entitle it to own its properties and to   
 - 75 - 

transact the businesses in which it is now engaged, except to the extent that failure to do so could not in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The sole business of Borrower is the acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation, ownership, maintenance, sale, transfer, financing, refinancing, management, leasing and operation of the Properties and other activity in furtherance thereof; and the sole business of Equity Owner is acting as the sole member of Borrower and any other activity in furtherance thereof, including, providing the Equity Owner Guaranty and the Equity Owner Security Agreement; and the sole business of the Borrower TRS is the acquisition, ownership, maintenance, sale, transfer, financing, refinancing, management, leasing and operation of the Properties and other activity in furtherance thereof, including providing the Borrower TRS Guaranty and the Borrower TRS Security Agreement.  Each Loan Party is a Special Purpose Entity.  
             3.1.2   Proceedings  .  Each Loan Party has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of each Loan Party party thereto and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party party thereto in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).  The Loan Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense by any Loan Party including the defense of usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents unenforceable, and no Loan Party has asserted any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense with respect thereto.  
             3.1.3   No Conflicts  .  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by each Loan Party party thereto (i) will not contravene such Loan Party s organizational documents, (ii) will not result in any violation of the provisions of any Legal Requirement of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any Loan Party or any of each Loan Party s properties or assets, (iii) with respect to each Loan Party, will not conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, loan agreement, management agreement or other agreement or instrument to which such Loan Party is a party or to, which any of such Loan Party s property or assets is subject, that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) with respect to each Loan Party, except for Liens created under the Loan Documents, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the assets of such Loan Party.  
               3.1.4   Litigation  .  There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority or other entity now pending or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of Manager or any Loan Party, threatened, against or affecting any Loan Party or Manager, as applicable, which actions, suits or proceedings (i) involve the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby or (ii) if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority or other entity that   
 - 76 - 

resulted in a judgment against any Loan Party that has not been paid in full that would otherwise constitute an Event of Default.  
             3.1.5   Agreements  .  No Loan Party is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Loan Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which it is a party which default would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Other than the Loan Documents, no Loan Party has a material financial obligation (contingent or otherwise) under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party other than, with respect to Borrower or Borrower TRS, the Management Agreement, the Leases or any other agreement into which Borrower or Borrower TRS is permitted to enter pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents.  
             3.1.6   Consents  .  No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court or Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of, or compliance by any Loan Party with, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other than those which have been obtained by the applicable Loan Party.  
             3.1.7   Solvency  .  Each Loan Party has (a) not entered into the transaction contemplated by this Agreement nor executed any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditor and (b) received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under the Loan Documents.  After giving effect to the Loans, each Loan Party is Solvent.  No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against any Loan Party in the last seven (7) years, and no Loan Party in the last seven (7) years has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or taken advantage of any insolvency act for the benefit of debtors.  No Loan Party is contemplating either the filing of a petition by it under any state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws or the liquidation of all or a major portion of such Person s assets or property, and to the actual knowledge of any Loan Party, no Person is contemplating the filing of any such petition against any Loan Party.  
             3.1.8   Other Debt  .  No Loan Party has any Indebtedness other than, with respect to Borrower, Permitted Indebtedness, with respect to Equity Owner, Equity Owner s Permitted Indebtedness and, with respect to Borrower TRS, Borrower TRS s Permitted Indebtedness.  
             3.1.9   Employee Benefit Matters  .  
   (a)   Assuming no portion of the assets used by Lender to fund the Loan constitutes the assets of an ERISA Plan, the assets of each Loan Party do not constitute  plan assets  of (i) any  employee benefit plan  (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) any  plan  (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code) that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (iii) any employee benefit plan or plan that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but is subject to any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Loan Party which is substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of   clauses (i)  ,   (ii)   and   (iii)  , an    ERISA Plan   ) with the result that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the   
 - 77 - 

exercise by Lender of any rights under the Loan Documents will constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates sponsors, maintains or contributes to any Plans or Foreign Plans.  No Loan Party has any employees.  
 (b)   Each Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract or fund) is in compliance in all material respects with its terms and with all applicable laws, including without limitation ERISA and the Code.  Each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code as currently in effect has been determined by the IRS to be so qualified, and each trust related to any such Plan has been determined to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code as currently in effect, and no event has taken place which could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such qualified status and exempt status.  With respect to each Plan of a Loan Party, each Loan Party and all of its ERISA Affiliates have satisfied the minimum funding standard under Section 412(a) of the Code and Section 302(a) of ERISA and paid all required minimum contributions and all required installments on or before the due dates under Section 430(j) of the Code and Section 303(j) of ERISA.  No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has filed, pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA, an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard.  No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid.  No Plan is in  at risk  status within the meaning of Section 430(i) of the Code or Section 303(j) of ERISA.  There are no existing, pending or threatened in writing claims (other than routine claims for benefits in the normal course), sanctions, actions, lawsuits or other proceedings or investigation involving any Plan to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or otherwise has or could have an obligation or any liability.  With respect to each Multiemployer Plan to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates is required to make a contribution, each Loan Party and all of its ERISA Affiliates have satisfied all required contributions and installments on or before the applicable due dates and have not incurred a complete or partial withdrawal under Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA.  No Plan Termination Event has or is reasonably expected to occur.  
 (c)   Each Foreign Plan is in compliance in all material respects with all laws, regulations and rules applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plan.  The aggregate of the liabilities to provide all of the accrued benefits under each Foreign Plan does not exceed the current fair market value of the assets held in the trust or other funding vehicle for such plan.  There are no actions, suits or claims (other than routine claims for benefits) pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Foreign Plan.  
             3.1.10   Compliance with Legal Requirements  .  Each Loan Party is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, except to the extent that any noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Loan Party is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental Authority, except for any default or violation that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 - 78 - 

3.1.11    Financial Information  .  All financial data that have been delivered to Lender in connection with the Loan (a) are true, complete and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent that any such financial data was incorrect in any material respect when delivered, the same has been corrected by financial data subsequently delivered to Lender prior to the Closing Date), (b) accurately represent the financial condition of the Properties as of the date of such reports (or, to the extent that any such financial data did not accurately represent the financial condition of the Properties when delivered, the same has been corrected by financial data subsequently delivered to Lender prior to the Closing Date), and (c) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP throughout the periods covered, except as disclosed therein (for the avoidance of doubt, the Property data tape delivered to Lender prior to the Closing Date includes non-GAAP information).  The foregoing representation shall not apply to any such financial data that constitutes projections,   provided   that Borrower represents and warrants that such projections were made in good faith and that Borrower has no reason to believe that such projections were materially inaccurate.  Borrower does not have any contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or unrealized or anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments that are known to Borrower and would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as referred to or reflected in said financial statements.  Borrower has no liabilities or other obligations that arose or accrued prior to the Closing Date that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Borrower has no known material contingent liabilities.  
             3.1.12   Insurance  .  Borrower has obtained and delivered to Lender certificates evidencing the Policies required to be maintained under   Section 5.1.1  .  All such Policies are in full force and effect, with all premiums that are due and payable prepaid thereunder.  No claims have been made that are currently pending, outstanding or otherwise remain unsatisfied under any such Policies that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  With respect to any Policy, neither Borrower nor, to Borrower s or Manager s knowledge, any other Person, has done, by act or omission, anything which has impaired or would reasonably be expected to impair the coverage of any of the Policies in any material respect.  
             3.1.13   Tax Filings  .  Each Loan Party has filed, or caused to be filed, on a timely basis all Tax returns (including, without limitation, all foreign, federal, state, local and other Tax returns) required to be filed by it, if any, is not liable for Non-Property Taxes payable by any other Person and has paid or made adequate provisions for the payment of all Non-Property Taxes (to the extent such Taxes, assessment and other governmental charges exceed $100,000 in the aggregate) payable by such Loan Party except as permitted by   Section 4.1.4   or   4.4.5  .  All material recording or other similar taxes required to be paid by any Loan Party under applicable Legal Requirements currently in effect in connection with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents have been paid.  
             3.1.14   Certificate of Compliance; Licenses  .  All certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy, required of Borrower for the legal use, occupancy and operation of each Property have been obtained and are in full force and effect, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The use being made of each Property is in conformity with the certificate of occupancy issued for such Property, if any.  
 - 79 - 

3.1.15    Special Purpose Entity/Separateness  .  
 (a)   Since its formation, no Loan Party has conducted any business other than entering into and performing its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and as described in the definition of Special Purpose Entity herein.  As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party owns or holds, directly or indirectly (i) any capital stock or equity security of, or any equity interest in, any Person other than a Loan Party or (ii) any debt security or other evidence of indebtedness of any Person, except for Permitted Investments and as otherwise contemplated by the Loan Documents.  As of the Closing Date, Borrower does not have any subsidiaries other than Borrower TRS, and Borrower TRS has no subsidiaries.  
 (b)   Any and all of the stated facts and assumptions made in the Insolvency Opinion, including, but not limited to, any exhibits attached thereto, will have been and shall be true and correct in all respects, and each Loan Party will have complied and will comply in all material respects, with all of the stated facts and assumptions made with respect to it in the Insolvency Opinion.  Each entity other than a Loan Party with respect to which an assumption is made or a fact stated in any Insolvency Opinion will have complied and will comply, in all material respects, with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with respect to it in the Insolvency Opinion.  Borrower covenants that in connection with any Additional Insolvency Opinion delivered in connection with this Agreement it shall provide an updated certification regarding compliance with the facts and assumptions made therein, which certificate shall be substantially similar to the representations made in this   Section 3.1.15(b)  .  
 (c)   Borrower covenants and agrees that Borrower shall provide Lender with thirty (30) days  prior written notice prior to the removal of an Independent Director of any Loan Party.  
             3.1.16   Management  .  The ownership, leasing, management and collection practices used by each Loan Party and Manager with respect to the Properties have been, to the actual knowledge of the Responsible Officers of Manager and each Loan Party,  in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, and all necessary licenses, permits and regulatory requirements pertaining thereto have been obtained and remain in full force and effect, except to the extent that failure to comply with Legal Requirements and/or obtain such licenses, permits and regulatory requirements and/or for the same to remain in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Management Agreement is in full force and effect and there is no default thereunder by any party thereto and no event has occurred that, with the passage of time and/or the giving of notice would constitute a default thereunder.  
             3.1.17   Illegal Activity  .  None of the Properties has been or will be purchased with proceeds of any illegal activity.  
               3.1.18   No Change in Facts or Circumstances; Disclosure  .  All information, reports, financial statements, exhibits and schedules furnished in writing by or on behalf of each Loan Party to Lender in connection with the negotiation, preparation or delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or included herein or therein or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto (but excluding any projections, forward looking statements, budgets, estimates and general   
 - 80 - 

market data as to which each Loan Party only represents and warrants that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it to be reasonable at the time), when taken as a whole, as of the date furnished, do not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading.  There has been no material adverse change in any condition, fact, circumstance or event that would make any such information inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise misleading in any material respect or that otherwise does or might result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
             3.1.19   Investment Company Act  .  Borrower is not (a) an  investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company,  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; (b) a  holding company  or a  subsidiary company  of a  holding company  or an  affiliate  of either a  holding company  or a  subsidiary company  within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, as amended; or (c) subject to any other federal or state law or regulation which purports to restrict or regulate its ability to borrow money.  
             3.1.20   Federal Reserve Regulations  .  No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring any  margin stock  within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (   Margin Stock   ) or for any other purpose which would be inconsistent with such Regulation U or any other Regulations of such Board of Governors, or for any purposes prohibited by Legal Requirements in any material respects or by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.  None of the Collateral is comprised of Margin Stock and less than 25% of the assets of each Loan Party are comprised of Margin Stock.  
             3.1.21   Bank Holding Company  .  Borrower is not a  bank holding company  or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a  bank holding company  as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and Regulation Y thereunder of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.  
             3.1.22   FIRPTA  .  No Loan Party is a  foreign person  within the meaning of Section 1445(f)(3) of the Code.  
             3.1.23   Contracts  .  
 (a)   Neither Borrower nor Borrower TRS has entered into, and neither is bound by, any Major Contract which continues in existence, except those previously disclosed in writing to Lender.  
 (b)   Each of the Major Contracts is in full force and effect, there are no material defaults by Borrower thereunder and, to the knowledge of Borrower and Manager, there are no monetary or other material defaults thereunder by any other party thereto.  None of Borrower, Manager or any other Person acting on Borrower s behalf has given or received any notice of default under any of the Major Contracts that remains uncured or in dispute.  
 (c)   Borrower has delivered copies of the Major Contracts (including all amendments and supplements thereto) to Lender that are true, correct and complete in all material respects.  
 - 81 - 

(d)    Except for Manager under the Management Agreement, no Major Contract has as a party an Affiliate of Borrower.  All fees and other compensation for services previously performed under the Management Agreement have been paid in full.  
             3.1.24   Embargoed Person  .  
 (a)   No Loan Party nor any of its respective officers, directors or members is a Person (or to Borrower s knowledge, controlled by a Person):  (i) that is listed on a Government List, (ii) is otherwise subject to the provisions of Executive Order 13224 issued on September 24, 2001, (iii) has been previously indicted for or convicted of any felony involving a crime of moral turpitude or any Patriot Act Offense, or (iv) is currently under investigation by any Governmental Authority for alleged felony involving a crime of moral turpitude.  For purposes hereof, the term    Patriot Act Offense    means any violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any of the several states, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States of America or any of the several states, relating to terrorism or the laundering of monetary instruments, including any offense under (A) the criminal laws against terrorism; (B) the criminal laws against money laundering, (C) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (D) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, or (E) the Patriot Act.     Patriot Act Offense    also includes the crimes of conspiracy to commit, or aiding and abetting another to commit, a Patriot Act Offense.  
 (b)   At the time Borrower first entered into a Lease with each Tenant (excluding any Carry-Over Tenant), no such Tenant was listed on either of the Government Lists described in   Section 4.1.20  .  
             3.1.25   Perfection Representations  .  
 (a)   The Borrower Security Agreement and the Equity Owner Security Agreement and the Borrower TRS Security Agreement create valid and continuing security interests (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the personal property Collateral in favor of Lender, which security interests are prior to all other Liens arising under the UCC, subject to Permitted Liens, and are enforceable as such against creditors of each Loan Party, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors  rights and remedies generally, and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity);  
 (b)   All appropriate financing statements have been, or will simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement be, filed in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest granted to Lender hereunder in the Collateral that may be perfected by filing a financing statement;  
   (c)   Other than the security interest granted to Lender pursuant to the Loan Documents, no Loan Party has pledged, assigned, collaterally assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms hereof.  No Loan Party has authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against any Loan Party that include a description of the Collateral other than any   
 - 82 - 

financing statement relating to the security interest granted to Lender hereunder or that has been terminated.  
 (d)   No instrument or document that constitutes or evidences any Collateral has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than Lender.  
 (e)   The grant of the security interest in the Collateral by each Loan Party to Lender, pursuant to the Borrower Security Agreement and the Equity Owner Security Agreement and the Borrower TRS Security Agreement is in the ordinary course of business for each Loan Party and is not subject to the bulk transfer or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction.  
 (f)   The chief executive office and the location of each Loan Party s records regarding the Collateral are listed on   Schedule IV  .  Except as otherwise disclosed to Lender in writing, each Loan Party s legal name is as set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party has not changed its name since its formation.  Except as otherwise listed on   Schedule IV  , each Loan Party does not have tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names or  doing business as  names and each Loan Party s federal employer identification number and Delaware organizational identification number is set forth on   Schedule IV  .  
             Section 3.2   Property Representations  .    Borrower represents and warrants to Lender with respect to each Property as follows:  
             3.2.1   Property/Title  .  
 (a)   Borrower has good and marketable fee simple legal and equitable title to the real property comprising the Property, subject to Permitted Liens.  The Mortgage Documents, when properly recorded and/or filed in the appropriate records, will create (i) a valid, first priority, perfected Lien on Borrower s interest in the Property, subject only to the Permitted Liens, and (ii) perfected security interests in and to, and perfected collateral assignments of, all personalty (including the Leases), all in accordance with the terms thereof, in each case subject only to the Permitted Liens.  The Permitted Liens with respect to the Property, in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the profitability, value, use or operation of the Property or the enforceability, validity or perfection of the lien of the applicable Mortgage.  
 (b)   All transfer taxes, deed stamps, intangible taxes or other amounts in the nature of transfer taxes required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the transfer of the Property to Borrower have been paid or are being paid simultaneously herewith.  All mortgage, mortgage recording, stamp, intangible or other similar tax required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any of the Mortgage Documents with respect to such Property, including the Mortgages, have been paid or are being paid simultaneously herewith.  All taxes and governmental assessments due and owing in respect of the Property have been paid, or an escrow of funds in an amount sufficient to cover such payments has been established hereunder or are insured against by the Title Insurance Policy and the Title Insurance Owner s Policy for such Property.  
 - 83 - 

(c)    Each Property is comprised of one (1) or more parcels which constitute separate tax lots and do not constitute a portion of any other tax lot not a part of such Property.  
             3.2.2   Adverse Claims  .  Borrower s ownership of the Property is free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens.  
             3.2.3   Title Insurance Owner s Policy  .  Borrower has delivered to Lender either (i) a Title Insurance Owner s Policy insuring fee simple ownership of such Property by Borrower in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Lender with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens or (ii) a marked or initialed binding commitment that is effective as a Title Insurance Owner s Policy in respect of such Property in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Lender with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens, which commitment shall be accompanied by such other affidavits, transfer declarations and other documents as are necessary for the recordation of the deed for such Property and issuance of such Title Insurance Owner s Policy.  
             3.2.4   Deed  .  Borrower has delivered to Lender a copy of a deed for such Property conveying the Property to Borrower, with vesting in the actual name of Borrower, and Borrower hereby certifies that such Property s deed has been recorded or presented to and accepted for recording by the applicable title insurance company issuing the related Title Insurance Owner s Policy or binding commitment referred to in   Section 3.2.3  , with all fees, premiums and deed stamps and other transfer taxes paid.  
               3.2.5   Mortgage File Required Documents  .  Borrower has delivered to Lender (a) either (i) certified or file stamped (in each case by the applicable land registry) original executed Mortgage Documents or (ii) a copy of the Mortgage Documents in recordable form that have been submitted by the title insurance company referred to in   Section 3.2.3   for recording in the jurisdiction in which such Property is located (with Lender and Borrower acknowledging that the Mortgage Documents delivered on the Closing Date consist solely of Mortgages (which include Assignments of Leases and Rents and fixture filings as a part thereof), and that no separate Assignments of Leases and Rents or Fixture Filings are included as part of the Mortgage Documents delivered at the Closing Date), (b) an opinion of counsel admitted to practice in the state in which such Property is located in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender in respect of the enforceability of such Mortgage Documents and an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender stating that the Mortgage Documents were duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and that the execution and delivery of such Mortgage Loan Documents and the performance by Borrower of its obligations thereunder will not cause a breach of, or a default under, any agreement, document or instrument to which Borrower is a party or to which it or such Property is bound, (c) either (x) a Title Insurance Policy insuring the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering such Property, or (y) a marked or initialed binding commitment that is effective as a Title Insurance Policy in respect of such Property, in each case, issued by the title insurance company referred to in   Section 3.2.3   with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens, which commitment shall be accompanied by such other affidavits, transfer declarations and other documents specified in such commitment as necessary for the issuance of such Title Insurance Policy, and (d) evidence that all taxes, fees and other   
 - 84 - 

charges payable in connection therewith have been paid in full or delivered to escrow.  GRC has delivered to Lender the Closing Date GRC Certificate.  
             3.2.6   Property Taxes and HOA Fees  .  There are no delinquent Property Taxes or HOA Fees outstanding with respect to the Property, other than Property Taxes or HOA Fees that may exist in accordance with   Section 4.4.5  .  As of the Closing Date, there are no pending or, to Borrower s or Manager s knowledge, proposed, special or other assessments for homeowner s association improvements affecting the Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Property.  
             3.2.7   Compliance with Renovation Standards.    The Property satisfies the Renovation Standards and all renovations thereto have been conducted in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, in all material respects.  
             3.2.8   Condemnation; Physical Condition  .  The Property has not been condemned in whole or in part.  No proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower or Manager, threatened in writing for the condemnation of the Property.  The Property is in a good, safe and habitable condition and repair, and free of and clear of any damage or waste that has an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Property.  
             3.2.9   Brokers  .  There is no commission or other compensation payable to any broker or finder in connection with the purchase of the Property by Borrower or its Affiliate that has not been paid.  
             3.2.10   Leasing  .  As of the Cut-Off Date, or, in case of any Substitute Property, as of the date such Property becomes a Substitute Property, either (i) the Property (other than the Vacant Properties set forth on   Schedule X  ) was leased by Borrower to an Eligible Tenant pursuant to an Eligible Lease and such Lease was in full force and effect and was not in default in any material respect or (ii) if the Property is a Carry-Over Property, it was leased by Borrower to a Carry-Over Tenant pursuant to an Eligible Lease and such Lease was in full force and effect and was not in default in any material respect;   provided  , that prior to entering into any new or renewal Lease with such Carry-Over Tenant Borrower shall have determined that such Carry-Over Tenant is not listed on a Government List.  No Person (other than the Borrower) has any possessory interest in the Property or right to occupy the same except any Tenant under and pursuant to the provisions of the applicable Lease and any Person claiming rights through any such Tenant.  The copy of such Eligible Lease for the Property delivered to Lender is true and complete in all material respects, there are no material oral agreements with respect thereto.  No Rent (including security deposits) has been paid more than one (1) month in advance of its due date.  As of the Closing Date, any payments, free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent or other payments, credits, allowances or abatements required to be given by Borrower to the relevant Tenant has already been provided to such Tenant.  
               3.2.11   Insurance  .  The Property is covered by property, casualty, liability, business interruption, windstorm, flood, earthquake and other applicable Policies as and to the extent, and in compliance with the applicable requirements of   Section 5.1.1   and neither Borrower nor Manager has taken (or omitted to take) any action that has impaired or would reasonably be expected to impair or invalidate the coverage provided by any such Policies in any material   
 - 85 - 

respect.  As of the Closing Date, no claims have been made that are currently pending, outstanding or otherwise remain unsatisfied under any such Policies and would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Property.  
             3.2.12   Lawsuits, Etc  .  As of the Closing Date, there are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority or other entity pending or to the actual knowledge of Borrower or Manager, threatened against or affecting the Property, which actions, suits or proceedings would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property.  
             3.2.13   Orders, Injunctions, Etc  .   There are no orders, injunctions, decrees or judgments outstanding with respect to the Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property.  
             3.2.14   Agreements Relating to the Properties  .  Borrower is not a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property.  Borrower is not in default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which the Property is bound.  Except for the Management Agreement, Borrower does not have a material financial obligation under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument by which the Property is bound, other than obligations under the Loan Documents.  Borrower is not in default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Permitted Lien with respect to any Property.  Neither the Property nor any part thereof are subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal to purchase, rights of first offer to purchase or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other third parties.  
             3.2.15   Accuracy of Information Regarding Property  .  All information with respect to the Property included in the Properties Schedule is true, complete and accurate in all material respects.  None of the Properties consist of housing cooperatives, manufactured housing, condominiums or duplexes.  If the Property is located in Colorado or Nevada, (a) the HOA (if any) affecting such Property is accurately identified on   Schedule VIII   and (b) the notice address of each such HOA (if any) included in   Schedule VIII   hereof (as may be updated by Borrower from time to time by written notice to Lender) is true, complete, and accurate in all respects.    Schedule IX   (as the same may be updated by Borrower from time to time by delivery to Lender)     is a true, complete and accurate list of all of the Applicable HOA Properties, if any, and the HOAs affecting such Applicable HOA Properties.  To Borrower s knowledge,   Schedule IX   contains a true, correct and complete notice address of the HOAs pertaining to the Applicable HOA Properties, if any.  
               3.2.16   Compliance with Legal Requirements  .  The Property (including the leasing and intended use thereof) complies with all applicable Legal Requirements, including, without limitation, building and zoning ordinances and codes and all certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy permits, required for the legal leasing, use, occupancy, habitability and operation of such Property, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect   
 - 86 - 

to the Property.  There is no consent, approval, permit, license, order or authorization of, and no filing with or notice to, any court or Governmental Authority required for the operation, use or leasing of the Property that has not been obtained, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Property.  There has not been committed by Borrower, or to Borrower s knowledge, or by any other Person in occupancy of or involved with the operation, use or leasing of the Property any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against the Property or any part thereof.  
             3.2.17   Utilities and Public Access  .  The Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by water, sewer or septic system, and storm drain facilities adequate to service the Property for its intended uses and all public utilities necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of the Property are located either in the public right-of-way abutting the Property (which are connected so as to serve the Property without passing over other property) or in recorded easements serving the Property and such easements are set forth in and insured by the applicable Title Insurance Owner s Policy and Title Insurance Policy and all roads necessary for the use of the Property for its intended purposes have been completed and dedicated to public use and accepted by all Governmental Authorities, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Property.  
             3.2.18   Eminent Domain  .  As of the Closing Date, there is no proceeding pending or, to Borrower s or Manager s knowledge, threatened, for the total or partial condemnation or taking of the Property by eminent domain or for the relocation of roadways resulting in a failure of access to the Property on public roads.  
             3.2.19   Flood Zone  .  The Property is not located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, or, if so located the flood insurance required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1(a)   is in full force and effect with respect to the Property.  
             3.2.20   Specified Liens  .  The Property is not subject to any Specified Lien at any time on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date.  
             Section 3.3   Survival of Representations  .  Borrower agrees that all of the representations and warranties of Borrower set forth in   Article III   and elsewhere in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall survive for so long as any amount remains owing to Lender under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents by Borrower.  All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents by Borrower shall be deemed to have been relied upon by Lender notwithstanding any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by Lender or on its behalf.  
 - 87 - 

Article IV                 - BORROWER COVENANTS  
             Section 4.1   Affirmative Covenants  .  From the Closing Date and until payment and performance in full of all obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents or the earlier release of the Lien of the Mortgages encumbering the Properties (and all related obligations) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees with Lender that:  
             4.1.1   Preservation of Existence  .  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to (a) observe all procedures required by its organizational documents and preserve and maintain its limited liability company, existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and (b) qualify and remain qualified in good standing (where relevant) as a foreign limited liability company in each other jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires such qualification and to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction except where, in the case of   clause (b)  , the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
             4.1.2   Compliance with Legal Requirements  .  Except with respect to the Properties and the use thereof (which is subject to   Section 4.4.4  ), Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its rights, licenses and permits and to comply with all Legal Requirements applicable to it, except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  A Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, may contest by appropriate legal proceeding promptly initiated and conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the validity of any Legal Requirement, the applicability of any Legal Requirement to a Loan Party or any Property or any alleged violation of any Legal Requirement;   provided  , that (a)  such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with the provisions of any instrument to which a Loan Party is subject and shall not constitute a default thereunder and such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements; (b) no Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost; and (c) the Loan Party shall promptly upon final determination thereof comply with any such Legal Requirement determined to be valid or applicable or cure any violation of any Legal Requirement, except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
             4.1.3   Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity/Separateness  .  
 (a)   Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to be and continue to be a Special Purpose Entity.  
 (b)   Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to comply in all material respects with all of the stated facts and assumptions made with respect to the Loan Parties in the Insolvency Opinion and each Additional Insolvency Opinion.  Each entity other than a Loan Party with respect to which an assumption is made or a fact stated in the Insolvency Opinion or an Additional Insolvency Opinion will comply in all material respects with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with respect to it in such Insolvency Opinion or Additional Insolvency Opinion.  
 - 88 - 

4.1.4    Non-Property Taxes  .  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to file, cause to be filed or obtain an extension of the time to file, all Tax returns for Non-Property Taxes and reports required by law to be filed by it and to promptly pay or cause to be paid all Non-Property Taxes now or hereafter levied, assessed or imposed on it as the same become due and payable;   provided  , that, after prior written notice to Lender of its intention to contest any such Non-Property Taxes, such Loan Party may contest by appropriate legal proceedings conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the amount or validity of any such Non-Property Taxes and, in such event, may permit the Non-Property Taxes so contested to remain unpaid during any period, including appeals, when a Loan Party is in good faith contesting the same so long as (a) no Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured, (b) such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (c) no Property or other Collateral nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost, (d) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, and the non-payment or non-discharge of such Non-Property Taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (e) enforcement of the contested Non-Property Taxes is effectively stayed for the entire duration of such contest and no Lien is imposed on any Property or other Collateral, (f) any Non-Property Taxes determined to be due, together with any interest or penalties thereon, is promptly paid as required after final resolution of such contest, (g) to the extent such Non-Property Taxes (when aggregated with all other Taxes that any Loan Party is then contesting under this   Section 4.1.4   or   Section 4.4.5   and for which Borrower has not delivered to Lender any Contest Security) exceed $1,000,000, Borrower shall deliver to Lender either (i) cash, or other security as may be approved by Lender, in an amount sufficient to insure the payment of any such Non-Property Taxes, together with all interest and penalties thereon or (ii) a payment and performance bond in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the contested amount from a surety acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion, (h) failure to pay such Non-Property Taxes will not subject Lender to any civil or criminal liability, (i) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of any Property or other Collateral, and (j) Borrower shall, upon request by Lender, give Lender prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and/or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth in   clauses (a)   through   (i)   of this   Section 4.1.4  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to pay any contested Non-Property Taxes (or, if cash or other security has been provided, Lender may pay over any such cash or other security held by Lender to the claimant entitled thereto) if, in the Lender s reasonable judgment, any Property or other Collateral (or any part thereof or interest therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost or there shall be any danger of the Lien of any Collateral Document being primed by any related Lien.  
             4.1.5   Access to the Properties  .  Subject to the rights of Tenants, Borrower shall permit agents, representatives and employees of Lender to inspect the Properties or any part thereof at reasonable hours upon reasonable advance notice, subject to the limitations set forth in   Schedule VI  .  
               4.1.6   Cooperate in Legal Proceedings  .  Borrower shall cooperate reasonably with Lender with respect to any proceedings before any court, board or other Governmental Authority which is reasonably likely to affect the rights of Lender hereunder or any rights obtained by   
 - 89 - 

Lender under any of the other Loan Documents and, in connection therewith, permit Lender, at its election by written notice, to participate in any such proceedings.  
             4.1.7   Perform Loan Documents  .  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, in a timely manner, observe, perform and satisfy all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, the Loan Party, and shall pay when due all costs, fees and expenses of Lender, to the extent required under the Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, the Loan Party.  
             4.1.8   Award and Insurance Benefits  .  Borrower shall cooperate with Lender, in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, to enable Lender to receive the benefits of any Awards or Insurance Proceeds lawfully or equitably payable in connection with any Property, and Lender shall be reimbursed for any expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements, and the payment by the Loan Parties of the reasonable expense of an appraisal on behalf of Lender in case of Casualty or Condemnation affecting any Property or any part thereof) out of such Insurance Proceeds.  
             4.1.9   Security Interest; Further Assurances  .  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to take all necessary action to establish and maintain, in favor of Lender a valid and perfected first priority security interest in all Collateral to the full extent contemplated herein, free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens (including the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Lender s security interest in the Collateral).  Such financing statements may describe as the collateral covered thereby  all assets of the debtor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired  or words to that effect.  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, at the Loan Parties  sole cost and expense execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, affirmations, waivers and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements) that may be required under any applicable Legal Requirement, or that Lender reasonably deems necessary or advisable, in order to grant, preserve, protect and perfect the validity and priority of the security interests created or intended to be created hereby or by the Collateral Documents or the enforceability of any guaranty or other Loan Document.  
             4.1.10   Keeping of Books and Records  .  Borrower shall keep and maintain or shall cause to be kept and maintained on a calendar year basis, in accordance with the requirements for a Special Purpose Entity set forth herein and GAAP (or such other accounting basis acceptable to Lender), proper and accurate books, records and accounts reflecting all of the financial affairs of the Loan Parties and all items of income and expense in connection with the operation on an individual basis of each Property.  Lender shall have the right from time to time at all times during normal business hours upon reasonable notice to examine such books, records and accounts at the office of Borrower or any other Person maintaining such books, records and accounts and to make such copies or extracts thereof as Lender shall desire.  After the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower shall pay any out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Lender to examine each Loan Parties  accounting records with respect to the Properties, as Lender shall reasonably determine to be necessary or appropriate in the protection of Lender s interest.  
 - 90 - 

4.1.11    Business and Operations  .  Borrower shall directly or through Manager or subcontractors of Manager (subject to   Section 4.2.1  ), continue to engage in the businesses presently conducted by it as and to the extent the same are necessary for the ownership, maintenance, sale, management, leasing and operation of the Properties.  Borrower shall qualify to do business and will remain in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction as and to the extent the same are required for the ownership, maintenance, management and operation of the Properties, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Borrower or Borrower TRS, as applicable, shall, at all times during the term of the Loan, continue to own or lease all equipment, fixtures and personal property which are necessary to operate its Properties.  
             4.1.12   Loan Proceeds  .  Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan received by it on the Closing Date only for the purposes set forth in   Section 2.1.5  .  
             4.1.13   Performance by Borrower  .  Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, in a timely manner, observe, perform and fulfill each and every covenant, term and provision of each Loan Document executed and delivered by, or applicable to, such Loan Party, and shall not enter into or otherwise suffer or permit any amendment, waiver, supplement, termination or other modification of any Loan Document executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrower or Equity Owner without the prior written consent of Lender.  
             4.1.14   Leasing Matters  .  Borrower shall (a) observe and perform the obligations imposed upon the lessor under the Leases for the Properties in a commercially reasonable manner; and (b) enforce the terms, covenants and conditions contained in such Leases upon the part of the Tenant thereunder to be observed or performed in a commercially reasonable manner except in each case to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to a Property.  
             4.1.15   Borrower s Operating Account  .  Borrower shall establish and maintain an account (the    Borrower s Operating Account   ) at a bank selected by Borrower and reasonably approved by Lender which shall be an Eligible Institution.  Borrower may also establish and maintain subaccounts of Borrower s Operating Account (which may be ledger or book entry accounts and not actual accounts).  
             4.1.16   Security Deposits  .  
   (a)   At all times, Borrower shall maintain one or more (if more than one, only the minimum number required by Legal Requirements) Eligible Accounts for the safe keeping of security deposits (each and collectively, the    Security Deposit Account   ) in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements.  Borrower shall deposit all security deposits in its possession on the Closing Date into the Security Deposit Account.  Within three (3) Business Days after receipt of any security deposit, Borrower shall deposit the same into the Security Deposit Account (except only as provided below with respect to combined payments).  Except for deposits of   de minimis   Borrower funds to maintain a minimum balance or to pay fees of the depository bank, Borrower shall insure that no funds from any source shall be deposited into the Security Deposit Account other than security deposits relating to the Properties and interest paid thereon, and no funds shall be withdrawn except, in accordance with Legal   
 - 91 - 

Requirements, (i) to pay refunds of security deposits, (ii) to pay (or reimburse for payment of) expenses chargeable against security deposits, or (iii) to transfer forfeited security deposits to the Rent Deposit Account or Cash Management Account.  Borrower shall maintain complete and accurate books and records of all transactions pertaining to security deposits and the Security Deposit Account, with sufficient detail to identify all security deposits separate and apart from other payments received from or by Tenants.  Only if Borrower receives a check or other payment that combines a security deposit together with Rent or other amounts owing by a Tenant, then Borrower shall deposit the combined payment into the Rent Deposit Account or Cash Management Account.  Promptly thereafter, Borrower shall submit written notice to Lender identifying the applicable combined payment and requesting return of the security deposit amount from the Cash Management Account, and when the same is paid, Borrower promptly shall deposit the same into the Security Deposit Account within three (3) Business Days after receipt.  
 (b)   Any bond or other instrument which Borrower is permitted to hold in lieu of cash security deposits under applicable Legal Requirements (i) shall be, subject to the applicable Lease and Legal Requirements, maintained in full force and effect in the full amount of such deposits unless replaced by cash deposits as above described, (ii) shall be issued by an institution reasonably satisfactory to Lender, (iii) shall, if permitted pursuant to Legal Requirements, name Lender as payee or mortgagee thereunder (or at Lender s option, be fully assignable to Lender), and (iv) shall in all respects comply with applicable Legal Requirements and otherwise be satisfactory to Lender.  Borrower shall, upon request, provide Lender with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender of Borrower s compliance with the foregoing.  
 (c)   Upon Lender s written request during an Event of Default, Borrower shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) all security deposits to Lender for safe-keeping, and not for application against the Debt.  All security deposits delivered to Lender pursuant to the prior sentence shall be returned to Borrower promptly after all Events of Default have been cured.  Upon a foreclosure of any Property or transfer in lieu thereof, Borrower shall deliver to Lender or to an account designed by Lender the security deposits applicable to such Property for safe-keeping and not for application to the Debt.  
               4.1.17   Investment of Funds in Cash Management Account, Subaccounts, Rent Deposit Account and Security Deposit Account  .  Sums on deposit in the Cash Management Account and the Subaccounts may be invested in Permitted Investments.  Borrower shall have the right to direct Cash Management Account Bank to invest sums on deposit in the Cash Management Account and the Subaccounts in Permitted Investments.  The Cash Management Account shall be assigned the federal tax identification number of Borrower.  Sums on deposit in the Rent Deposit Account shall not be invested in Permitted Investments and shall be held solely in cash.  Subject to any requirements of applicable law, sums on deposit in a Security Deposit Account may be invested in Permitted Investments and Borrower shall have the right to direct the applicable Security Deposit Bank to invest sums on deposit in such Security Deposit Account in Permitted Investments.  The amount of actual losses sustained on a liquidation of a Permitted Investment in the Cash Management Account, a Subaccount or a Security Deposit Account shall be deposited into the Cash Management Account, the applicable Subaccount or the applicable Security Deposit Account, as applicable, by Borrower no later than one (1) Business Day   
 - 92 - 

following such liquidation.  Borrower shall pay any federal, state or local income or other tax applicable to income earned from Permitted Investments.  
             4.1.18   Operation of Property  .  
 (a)   Borrower shall (i) cause the Manager to manage the Properties in accordance with the Management Agreement, (ii) diligently perform and observe all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Management Agreement on the part of Borrower to be performed and observed, (iii) promptly notify Lender of any default under the Management Agreement of which it is aware;   provided  ,   however  , that no such notice is required pursuant to this   clause (iii)   if (A) the loss or damage from such default under the Management Agreement does not exceed $50,000 and (B) Borrower determines, in good faith, that such default will not adversely affect the management of any of the Properties or the interests of Lender in such Properties, and (iv) promptly enforce the performance and observance of all of the covenants required to be performed and observed by the Manager under the Management Agreement in a commercially reasonable manner.  If Borrower shall default in the performance or observance of any material term, covenant or condition of the Management Agreement on the part of Borrower to be performed or observed, then, without limiting Lender s other rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and without waiving or releasing Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder or under the Management Agreement, Lender shall have the right, but shall be under no obligation, to pay any sums and to perform any act as may be appropriate to cause all the material terms, covenants and conditions of the Management Agreement on the part of Borrower to be performed or observed.  In no event shall the management fee payable to the Manager for any calendar month exceed the Management Fee Cap for such calendar month and in no event shall Borrower pay or become obligated to pay to the Manager, any transition or termination costs or expenses, termination fees, or their equivalent in connection with the Transfer of a Property or the termination of the Management Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, management fees shall not be deemed to include leasing commissions and reimbursements of expenses paid to Manager in the ordinary course of Borrower s business.  
 (b)   If any one or more of the following events occurs:  (i) during the continuance of an Event of Default, (ii) if the Manager shall be in material default under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice and cure period (including as a result of any gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or misappropriation of funds), or (iii) if Manager shall become insolvent or a debtor in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, then Lender shall have the right to require Borrower to replace the Manager and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with (x) a Qualified Manager selected by Borrower that is not an Affiliate of Borrower or (y) another property manager chosen by Borrower and approved by Lender;   provided  , that such approval shall be conditioned upon Borrower delivering a Rating Agency Confirmation as to such property manager.  If Borrower fails to select a new Qualified Manager or a replacement Manager that satisfies the conditions described in the foregoing   clause (y)   and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with such Person within sixty (60) days of Lender s demand to replace the Manager, then Lender may choose the replacement property manager   provided   that such replacement property manager is a Qualified Manager or satisfies the conditions set forth in   proviso   of the foregoing   clause (y)  .  
 - 93 - 

4.1.19    Anti-Money Laundering  .  Borrower shall comply and shall cause each other Loan Party to comply in all material respects with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the Patriot Act (collectively, the    Anti-Money Laundering Laws   ).  Borrower (a) has established an anti-money laundering compliance program as required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (b) has conducted and will conduct the requisite due diligence in connection with the Leases and Tenants for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including with respect to the legitimacy of the applicable Tenant and the origin of the assets used by said Tenant to lease the applicable Property and (c) maintains and will maintain sufficient information to identify the applicable Tenant for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws.  Borrower shall provide notice to Lender, within two (2) Business Days, of receipt of any written notice of any Anti-Money Laundering Law violation or action involving a Loan Party.  
             4.1.20   Embargoed Persons  .  Prior to entering into a Lease with a prospective Tenant (excluding any existing Tenant of a Property that was previously screened in accordance with this   Section 4.2.20  ), Borrower shall confirm that such prospective Tenant is not a Person whose name appears on a Government List.  Borrower shall not enter into a Lease with a Person whose name appears on a Government List unless Borrower determines that such Person is not the terrorist, narcotics trafficker or other Person who is identified on such Government List but merely has the same name as such Person.  If notwithstanding such confirmation, a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party or Manager obtains knowledge that a Tenant is a Person whose name appears on a Government List, it shall promptly provide notice of such fact to Lender within two (2) Business Days of acquiring knowledge thereof.  
             4.1.21   ERISA Matters  .  Each Loan Party shall and shall cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to establish, maintain and operate all Plans to comply in all material respects with the provisions of ERISA, the Code and all applicable laws, the regulations and interpretation thereunder and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such Plans.  Each Loan Party shall and shall cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to establish, maintain and operate all Foreign Plans to comply in all material respects with all laws, regulations and rules applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plans.  
             4.1.22   Contribution of Property to Borrower TRS  .  If Borrower contributes any Properties to Borrower TRS, then the following covenants shall be applicable:  
 (a)   In connection with the transfer of such Properties to Borrower TRS, Borrower TRS shall expressly acknowledge in the deed or other conveyance document or instrument delivered and recorded in the applicable jurisdiction in which such Properties are located in connection with the transfer of the Properties to Borrower TRS that Borrower TRS s title to and interest in such Properties are subject to the Lien, terms and provisions of the applicable Mortgage(s);   provided  , that for the avoidance of doubt, the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering any Property contributed to Borrower TRS shall not be released at such time and no new Mortgage shall be executed with respect to or recorded against any Property contributed to Borrower TRS by Borrower; and  
 - 94 - 

(b)    Prior to contributing a Property to Borrower TRS, Borrower shall cause TRS to execute and deliver to Lender an assumption of the Mortgage related to such Property, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender and Borrower.  
             Section 4.2   Negative Covenants  .  From the Closing Date until payment and performance in full of all obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents or the earlier release of the Lien of the Mortgages and any other Collateral in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that it will not do, directly or indirectly, any of the following:  
             4.2.1   Operation of Property  .  Borrower shall not (a) surrender, terminate, cancel, modify, renew or extend the Management Agreement,   provided  , that Borrower may, without Lender s consent, (x) replace Manager so long as the replacement manager, or a sub-manager of such replacement manager, is a Qualified Manager of the applicable Properties pursuant to a Replacement Management Agreement and (y) renew and extend the Management Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof, (b) enter into any other agreement relating to the management or operation of a Property with Manager or any other Person,   provided  , that Borrower may permit Manager to enter into sub-management agreements with third-party property managers to perform all or any portion of the services by Manager so long as (i) the fees and charges payable under any such sub-management agreements shall be the sole responsibility of Manager, (ii) Borrower shall have no liabilities or obligations under any such sub-management agreements, (iii) any such sub-management agreements will be terminable without penalty upon the termination of the Management Agreement and (iv) the third-party property manager under such sub-management agreement enters into an Assignment of Management Agreement with Manager and Lender, (c) consent to the assignment by Manager of its interest under the Management Agreement, or (d) waive or release any of its rights and remedies under the Management Agreement, in each case without the express consent of Lender, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  If at any time Lender consents to the appointment of a new property manager or a Qualified Manager is appointed, such new property manager (including a Qualified Manager) shall execute a Replacement Management Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of   clause (iii)   above, payments for services provided during the termination notice period of a sub-management agreement shall not constitute a termination penalty.  
               4.2.2   Indebtedness  .  Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (a) the Debt and (b) unsecured trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership and operation of the Properties, which in the case of such unsecured trade payables (i) are not evidenced by a note, (ii) do not exceed, at any time, on an aggregate basis among Borrower and Borrower TRS, a maximum aggregate amount of three percent (3%) of the original principal amount of the Loan and (iii) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively,    Permitted Indebtedness   ).  Borrower shall cause Equity Owner and Borrower TRS not to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (x) with respect to Borrower TRS, Indebtedness incurred under the Borrower TRS Guaranty, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and unsecured trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership and operation of the Properties, which in the case of such unsecured trade payables (i) are not evidenced by a note, (ii) do not exceed, at any time, on an aggregate basis among Borrower and Borrower TRS, a maximum aggregate amount of three percent (3%) of the original principal amount of the Loan   
 - 95 - 

and (iii) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively, the    Borrower TRS s Permitted Indebtedness   ), and (y) with respect to the Equity Owner, Indebtedness incurred under the Equity Owner Guaranty, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Equity Owner is a party and unsecured trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to Equity Owner, related to the ownership of membership interest in Borrower and that (i) are not evidenced by a note, (ii) do not exceed, at any time, $25,000 and (iii) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively, the    Equity Owner s Permitted Indebtedness   ).  For the purposes of this   Section 4.2.2  , Property Taxes and HOA Fees are not Indebtedness.  
             4.2.3   Liens  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to create or suffer to exist any Liens upon or with respect to, any Collateral (other than any Property) except for Permitted Liens.  
             4.2.4   Limitation on Investments  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to make or suffer to exist any loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, purchase any property or asset or make any investment (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except for (a) investments by Borrower in Borrower TRS and (b) acquisition of the Properties and related Collateral and Permitted Investments and and contributions of Properties to Borrower TRS as permitted by   Section 4.1.22  .  
             4.2.5   Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to issue or sell or enter into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance and sale of any Equity Interests.  
             4.2.6   Restricted Junior Payments  .  Borrower shall not make any Restricted Junior Payment;   provided  ,   that Borrower may make Restricted Junior Payments so long as (a) no Event of Default shall then exist or would result therefrom, (b) such Restricted Junior Payments have been approved by all necessary action on the part of Borrower and in compliance with all applicable laws and (c) such Restricted Junior Payments are paid from Unrestricted Cash.  
               4.2.7   Principal Place of Business, State of Organization  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to change its name, identity (including its trade name or names), place of organization or formation (as set forth in   Section 3.1.25  ) or Borrower s or Equity Owner s limited liability company structure unless Borrower shall have first notified Lender in writing of such change at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such change, and shall have first taken all action required by Lender for the purpose of perfecting or protecting the lien and security interests of Lender pursuant to this Agreement, and the other Loan Documents and, in the case of a change in Borrower s or Equity Owner s structure, without first obtaining the prior written consent of Lender, which consent may be given or denied in Lender s sole discretion.  Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, execute and deliver additional security agreements and other instruments which may be necessary to effectively evidence or perfect Lender s security interest in the Collateral as a result of such change of principal place of business or place of organization.  Each Loan Party s principal place of business and chief executive office, and   
 - 96 - 

the place where each Loan Party keeps its books and records, including recorded data of any kind or nature, regardless of the medium or recording, including software, writings, plans, specifications and schematics, has been for the preceding four months (or, if less, the entire period of the existence of Borrower) and will continue to be the address of Borrower set forth in   Section 9.6   (unless Borrower notifies Lender in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of such change).  Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of any change in any Loan Party s organizational identification number.  
             4.2.8   Dissolution  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to (a) engage in any dissolution, liquidation or consolidation or merger with or into any other business entity, (b) transfer, lease or sell, in one transaction or any combination of transactions, the assets or all or substantially all of the properties or assets of any Loan Party except to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents or (c) terminate its organizational documents or its qualification and good standing in any jurisdiction, except to the extent permitted by Section 4.2.7.  
             4.2.9   Change In Business  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, enter into any line of business other than the acquisition, renovation, ownership, maintenance, transfer, refinancing, holding, marketing, sale, leasing, transfer, management, leasing, operation or financing of the Properties (and any businesses ancillary or related thereto), or make any material change in the scope or nature of its business objectives, purposes or operations, or undertake or participate in activities other than the continuance of its present business.  Borrower shall cause Equity Owner to not engage in any activity other than acting as the sole member of Borrower (and any business ancillary or related thereto).  
             4.2.10   Debt Cancellation  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, cancel or otherwise forgive or release any material claim or debt (other than termination of Leases in accordance herewith) owed to such Loan Party by any Person, except for adequate consideration and in the ordinary course of such Loan Party s business.  
             4.2.11   Changes to Accounts  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, (a) open or permit to remain open any cash, securities or other account with any bank, custodian or institution into which Rents or other Collections or any security deposits are deposited other than the Cash Management Account, the Subaccounts, the Rent Deposit Account, and Security Deposit Accounts, (b) change or permit to change any account number of any of the foregoing accounts, (c) open or permit to remain open any sub-account of the Cash Management Account (except any Subaccount) or the Rent Deposit Account, (d) permit any funds of Persons other than Borrower or Borrower TRS to be deposited or held in any of the Cash Management Account, the Subaccounts, the Rent Deposit Account or the Security Deposit Accounts, other than security deposits, or (e) permit any Collections or other proceeds of any Properties to be deposited or held in Borrower s Operating Account other than cash that is distributed to Borrower pursuant to   Section 2.6.3(j)  .  
               4.2.12   Zoning  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, initiate or consent to any zoning reclassification of any portion of any Property or seek any variance under any existing zoning ordinance or use or permit the use of any portion of any Property in any manner that could result in such use becoming a non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance   
 - 97 - 

or any other applicable land use law, rule or regulation, without the prior written consent of Lender.  
             4.2.13   No Joint Assessment  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of any Property (a) with any other real property constituting a tax lot separate from such Property, and (b) which constitutes real property with any portion of such Property which may be deemed to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the lien of any taxes which may be levied against such personal property shall be assessed or levied or charged to such real property portion of such Property.  
             4.2.14   Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates  .  Borrower shall not and shall cause each other Loan Party not to enter into, or be a party to any transaction with any Affiliate of the Loan Parties, except for:  (a) the Loan Documents; (b) capital contributions by (i) Sponsor to Equity Owner, (ii) Equity Owner to Borrower or (iii) Borrower to Borrower TRS; (c) Restricted Junior Payments which are in compliance with   Section 4.2.6   and distributions from Borrower TRS to Borrower; (d) the Management Agreement; and (e) to the extent not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, other transactions upon fair and reasonable terms materially no less favorable to the Loan Parties than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.  
             4.2.15   ERISA  .  None of the Loan Parties or their ERISA Affiliates shall establish or be a party to any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA that is a defined benefit pension plan that is subject to Part III of Subchapter D, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code.  
             4.2.16   No Embargoed Persons  .  At all times throughout the term of the Loan, including after giving effect to any Transfers permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents, Borrower shall ensure that  (a) none of the funds or other assets of any Loan Party shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person subject to trade restrictions under United States law, including, but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C.    1701   et seq  ., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1   et seq  ., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in any Loan Party (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law (each, an    Embargoed Person   ), or the Loan made by Lender would be in violation of law, (b) no Embargoed Person shall have any interest of any nature whatsoever in any Loan Party with the result that the investment in any Loan Party (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law, and (c) none of the funds of any Loan Party shall be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in such Loan Party (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law.  
             4.2.17   Transfers  .  
   (a)   Borrower acknowledges that Lender has examined and relied on the experience of Borrower and Sponsor in owning and operating properties such as the Properties in agreeing to make the Loan, and will continue to rely on Borrower s ownership of the Properties as a means of maintaining the value of the Properties as security for repayment of the Debt and the performance of the Other Obligations.  Borrower acknowledges that Lender has a valid interest   
 - 98 - 

in maintaining the value of the Properties so as to ensure that, should Borrower default in the repayment of the Debt or the performance of the Other Obligations, Lender can recover the Debt by a sale of the Properties.  
 (b)   Without the prior written consent of Lender, and except to the extent otherwise set forth in this   Section 4.2.17  , Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Person having a direct or indirect ownership or beneficial interest in Borrower to sell, convey, mortgage, grant, bargain, encumber, pledge, assign, grant options with respect to or otherwise transfer or dispose of (directly or indirectly, voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, and whether or not for consideration or of record) (i) any Property or any part thereof or any legal or beneficial interest therein, or (ii) any interest, direct or indirect, in any Loan Party or any legal or beneficial interest therein (a    Transfer   ).  
 (c)   A Transfer shall include, but not be limited to, (i) an installment sales agreement wherein Borrower agrees to sell one or more Properties or any part thereof for a price to be paid in installments; (ii) an agreement by Borrower leasing all or a substantial part of any Property for other than actual occupancy by a Tenant thereunder or a sale, assignment or other transfer of, or the grant of a security interest in, Borrower s right, title and interest in and to any Leases or any Rents; (iii) if a Restricted Party is a corporation, any merger, consolidation or Transfer of such corporation s stock or the creation or issuance of new stock; (iv) if a Restricted Party is a limited or general partnership or joint venture, any merger or consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of a general partner or the Transfer of the partnership interest of any general partner or any profits or proceeds relating to such partnership interest, or the Transfer of limited partnership interests or any profits or proceeds relating to such limited partnership interest or the creation or issuance of new limited partnership interests; (v) if a Restricted Party is a limited liability company, any merger or consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of a managing member or non-member manager (or if no managing member, any member) or the Transfer of the membership interest of a managing member (or if no managing member, any member) or any profits or proceeds relating to such membership interest, or the Transfer of non-managing membership interests or the creation or issuance of new non-managing membership interests; or (vi) if a Restricted Party is a trust or nominee trust, any merger, consolidation or the Transfer of the legal or beneficial interest in a Restricted Party or the creation or issuance of new legal or beneficial interests.  
 (d)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Transfers (herein, the    Permitted Transfers   ) shall be permitted hereunder without Lender s consent:  
 (i)   an Eligible Lease entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents;  
 (ii)   a Permitted Lien or any other Lien expressly permitted under the terms of the Loan Documents;  
 (iii)   a Transfer of a Property in accordance with   Section 2.5  ;  
 (iv)   a substitution of a Property for a Substitute Property in accordance with   Section 2.4.2   or   Section 5.3(b)  , as applicable;  
 - 99 - 

(v)    the Transfer of any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interests in any Public Vehicle, including a Public Vehicle which exists on the Closing Date, a Public Vehicle which acquires a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest in Borrower and Equity Owner after the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of this   Section 4.2.17   or a Person which holds a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest in Borrower and subsequently becomes a Public Vehicle;  
 (vi)   a Transfer of any direct or indirect interest in any Loan Party not described in the foregoing   clause (v)     provided  , that:  
 (A)   after giving effect to such Transfer, a Qualified Transferee (x) shall own not less than fifty-one percent (51%) of the direct or indirect legal and beneficial interests in each Loan Party and (y) shall Control (directly or indirectly) each Loan Party;  
 (B)   if a Transfer is made pursuant to this   clause (vi)   and such Transfer shall cause more than ten percent (10%) of the direct or indirect legal or beneficial interests in each Loan Party to be owned by any Person and its Affiliates that owned less than ten percent (10%) of the direct or indirect legal or beneficial interests in such Loan Party prior to such Transfer, then Lender shall receive notice of such Transfer not less than (x) if the Qualified Transferee referenced in   clause (A)   above is not the Sponsor or a one hundred percent (100%) owned subsidiary of the Sponsor, ten (10) Business Days prior to the consummation thereof or (y) if the Qualified Transferee referenced in   clause (A)   above is the Sponsor or a one hundred percent (100%) owned subsidiary of the Sponsor, thirty (30) days following the consummation thereof, but the failure to deliver the notice referred to in this   clause (y)   shall not constitute an Event of Default unless such failure continues for ten (10) Business Days following notice of such failure from Lender;  
 (C)   each Loan Party shall each continue to be a Special Purpose Entity;  
 (D)   after giving effect to such Transfer, Equity Owner shall remain the sole member of Borrower and Borrower shall remain the sole member of Borrower TRS;  
 (E)   the Properties shall continue to be managed by Existing Manager or by a Qualified Manager pursuant to a Replacement Management Agreement;  
 (F)   if such Transfer shall cause more than forty-nine percent (49%) of the direct or indirect interests in each Loan Party to be owned by any Person and its Affiliates that owned less than forty-nine percent (49%) of the direct or indirect interest in each Loan Party prior to such Transfer, Borrower shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Lender an Additional Insolvency Opinion;  
   (G)   so long as the Loan is outstanding, (A) no pledge or other encumbrance of any direct interests in any Restricted Party (other than pledges securing the Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents) shall occur, and   
 - 100 - 

(B) no Restricted Party shall issue preferred equity that has the characteristics of mezzanine debt (such as a fixed maturity date, regular payments of interest, a fixed rate of return and rights of the equity holder to demand repayment of its investment);  
 (H)   Borrower shall provide Lender with copies of all organizational documents and all transaction documents relating to any Transfer under this   clause (vi)   involving a direct legal or beneficial interest in any Restricted Party; and  
 (I)   In connection with any Transfer under this   clause (vi)  , to the extent a transferee shall own ten percent (10%) or more of the direct or indirect ownership interests in a Loan Party immediately following such transfer (provided such transferee owned less than ten percent (10%) of the direct or indirect ownership interests in a Loan Party as of the Closing Date), Borrower shall deliver (and Borrower shall be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection therewith), customary searches reasonably requested by Lender in writing (including credit, judgment, lien, litigation, bankruptcy, criminal and watch list) reasonably acceptable to Lender with respect to such transferee.  
 (e)   Following a Permitted Transfer, if Sponsor no longer owns a majority of the direct or indirect interest in Borrower or the Properties, Sponsor shall be released from the Sponsor Guaranty for all liability accruing after the date of such Transfer,   provided   that the Qualified Transferee shall execute and deliver to Lender a replacement guaranty in substantially the same form and substance as the Sponsor Guaranty covering all liability accruing from and after the date of such Transfer (but not any which may have accrued prior thereto).  
 (f)   Borrower shall pay all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Lender in connection with any Transfer, whether or not such Transfer is deemed to be a Permitted Transfer, including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of Lender s counsel, whether internal or outside, and the cost of any required counsel opinions related to REMIC or other securitization or tax issues and any Rating Agency fees.  
             Section 4.3   Reporting Covenants  .  Borrower shall, unless Lender shall otherwise consent in writing, furnish or cause to be furnished to Lender the following reports, notices and other documents:  
             4.3.1   Financial Reporting  .  Borrower shall furnish the following financial reports to Lender:  
   (a)   As soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter commencing with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2017, a balance sheet, statement of operations and retained earnings, and statement of cash flows of Borrower, in each case, as at the end of such quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period of the   
 - 101 - 

immediately preceding calendar year (if any), all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Such financial statements shall contain such other information as shall be reasonably requested by Lender for purposes of calculations to be made by Lender pursuant to the terms hereof.  
 (b)   As soon as available, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year, unaudited copies, and within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, audited copies, of a balance sheet, statement of operations and retained earnings, and statement of cash flows of Borrower, in each case, as at the end of such calendar year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the immediately preceding calendar year (if any), all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP and the inclusion of footnotes to the extent required by GAAP, such audited financial statements to be accompanied by a report and an unqualified opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of an Independent Accountant selected by Borrower that is reasonably acceptable to Lender (which opinion on such consolidated information shall be without (1) any qualification as to the scope of such audit or (2) a  going concern  or like qualification (other than a going concern qualification that relates solely to the near term maturity of the Loans hereunder)), together with a written statement of such accountants (A) to the effect that, in making the examination necessary for their certification of such financial statements, they have not obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or a Default and (B) if such accountants shall have obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or such Default, describing the nature thereof.  
 (c)   As soon as available, and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ended November 30, 2016, (i) an operating statement in respect of such calendar month and a calendar year-to-date operating statement for Borrower, (ii) an Officer s Certificate certifying that such operating statements are true, correct and complete in all material respects as of their respective dates, and (iii) upon Lender s request, other information maintained by Borrower in the ordinary course of business that is reasonably necessary and sufficient to fairly represent the financial position, ongoing maintenance and results of operation of the Properties (on a combined basis) during such calendar month;  
   (d)   Simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Borrower required by   clauses (a)   and   (b)   above     an Officer s Certificate certifying (i) that such statements fairly represent the financial condition and results of operations of Borrower as of the end of such quarter or calendar year (as applicable) and the results of operations and cash flows of Borrower for such quarter or calendar year (as applicable), in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of Borrower furnished to Lender, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) stating that such Responsible Officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of the Relevant Parties with a view to determining whether the Relevant Parties are in compliance with the provisions of the Loan Documents to the extent applicable to them, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Responsible Officer has no knowledge of, the existence of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default exists, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which the Relevant Parties   
 - 102 - 

propose to take or have taken with respect thereto and (iii) that as of the date of each Officer s Certificate, no litigation exists involving Borrower (or any Property or Properties) in which the potential liability of Borrower in such claim or series of related claims thereunder (including claims brought as a class action) is greater than $500,000 or, if involving any single Property, is greater than $250,000, in each case, excluding any liability covered by insurance, or, if so, specifying such litigation and the actions being taking in relation thereto.  
 (e)   Simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Borrower required by   clause (a)   above, a calculation of Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the twelve (12) month period ended on the last day of the calendar quarter for which such financial statements were prepared  
 (f)   Simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Borrower required by   clause (a)   above, a duly completed Compliance Certificate, with appropriate insertions, containing the data and calculations set forth on   Exhibit B  ; and  
 (g)   Simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Borrower required by   clause (a)   above, a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying (i) the current Property Tax assessment amounts payable in respect of each Property, (ii) the payment of all Property Taxes prior to the date such Property Taxes become delinquent, subject to any contest conducted in accordance with   Section 4.4.5   and (iii) if either (A) an Acceptable Blanket Policy is not in place with respect to all Properties or (B) an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in place with respect to all Properties but Borrower has elected to reinstate deposits of Insurance Premiums to the Insurance Subaccount pursuant to   Section 6.2.3  , the monthly cost of the Insurance Premiums with respect to the Policies required under in   Section 5.1.1   that are required to be deposited into the Insurance Subaccount pursuant to   Section 6.2  ;  
               4.3.2   Annual Budget  .  Prior to the Closing Date, Borrower has submitted and Lender has approved an Annual Budget for the 2017 calendar year (the    Approved Initial Budget   ).  Borrower shall submit to Lender by November 1 of each year the Annual Budget relating to the Properties for the succeeding calendar year.  During the continuance of a Cash Sweep Period, Lender shall have the right to approve each Annual Budget (which approval shall not be unreasonably, conditioned or delayed withheld so long as no Event of Default is continuing).  An Annual Budget approved by Lender during a Cash Sweep Period or any Annual Budget submitted prior to the commencement of a Cash Sweep Period, shall each hereinafter be referred to as an    Approved Annual Budget   .  In the event of a Transfer of any Property the Approved Annual Budget shall be reduced as reasonably determined by Lender in consultation with Borrower in order to reflect the removal of such Property and the Operating Expenses associated therewith;   provided  ,   further  , that no such reduction shall be made in the event such Transfer is made in connection with a substitution under   Section 2.4.2(a)  .  If Lender has the right to approve an Annual Budget pursuant to this   Section 4.3.2  , neither Borrower nor Manager shall change or modify the Annual Budget that has been approved by Lender without the prior written consent of Lender (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed so long as no Event of Default is continuing).  The    Monthly Budgeted Amount    for each Payment Date shall mean the monthly amount set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for Operating Expenses for the Interest Period related to such Payment Date, but excluding management fees and leasing commissions that are distributed pursuant to   Section 2.6.3(g)  , Property Taxes that are required to   
 - 103 - 

be deposited into the Tax Subaccount pursuant to   Section 6.1   and Insurance Premiums that are required to be deposited into the Insurance Subaccount pursuant to   Section 6.2  .  If during any Cash Sweep Period, Borrower has submitted an Annual Budget and such Annual Budget has not been approved prior to the commencement of the calendar year to which such budget relates then the previous Approved Annual Budget shall continue to be deemed to be the Approved Annual Budget for that calendar year.  
             4.3.3   Reporting on Adverse Effects  .  Promptly and in no event more than two (2) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of any matter or the occurrence of any event concerning any other Loan Party which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof.  
             4.3.4   Litigation  .  Prompt written notice to Lender of any litigation or governmental proceedings pending or to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party or Manager, threatened in writing against any Loan Party or against Manager with respect to any Property, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to any Property.  
             4.3.5   Event of Default  .  Promptly after any Responsible Officer of any Loan Party or Manager obtains knowledge of the occurrence of each Event of Default or Default (if such Default is continuing on the date of such notice), a statement of a Responsible Officer of Manager setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default and the action which such Loan Party is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.  
             4.3.6   Other Defaults  .  Promptly and in no event more than two (2) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of Borrower or Manager obtains actual knowledge of any default by any Loan Party under any agreement other than the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the statement of a Responsible Officer of Manager setting forth the details of such default and the action which such Loan Party is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.  
               4.3.7   Properties Schedule  .  Borrower shall deliver to Lender no later than the tenth (10 th ) Business Day of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ended December 31, 2016, (a) an updated Properties Schedule in Excel     format containing each of the data fields set forth on   Schedule II.B     (other than those under the caption    BPO Values      provided  , that the information under the caption  Underwritten Net Cash Flow  need only be updated in the Properties Schedule that is delivered in March, June, September and December of each year, commencing with the Properties Schedule delivered in March 2017, (b) a calculation of the monthly turnover rate for the Properties for the prior calendar month, which shall be equal to the number of Properties that became vacant during such calendar month divided by the daily average number of Properties during such calendar month.  The foregoing information shall be delivered together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying that it is true, correct and complete in all material respects (i) with respect to the information in the Properties Schedule other than Underwritten Net Cash Flow data, as of the last day of the preceding calendar month, (ii) with respect to the Underwritten Net Cash Flow data in the Properties Schedule, for the calendar quarter most recently ended, and (c) with respect to the turnover rate of the Properties, for the prior calendar month.  In addition, the Borrower shall   
 - 104 - 

deliver to Lender no later than sixty (60) days after the end of the first three calendar quarters and within ninety (90) days of the fourth calendar quarter of each year, commencing with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2017, a report in Excel     format containing the information set forth on   Schedule II.C   presented separately for each MSA (the    Quarterly Investor Rollup Report   ).  The foregoing information shall be delivered together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying that it is true, correct and complete (i) with respect to the information in the Properties Schedule, as of the last day of the preceding quarter and (ii) with respect to the turnover rate of the Properties, for the prior calendar quarter.  
             4.3.8   Disqualified Properties  .  Promptly and in no event more than ten (10) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of Borrower or Manager obtains actual knowledge that any Property fails to comply with the Property Representations or the Property Covenants, written notice thereof and the action that Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.  
             4.3.9   Security Deposits in Cash Management Account  .  Within five (5) days of the last day of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ended December 31, 2016, written notice of the aggregate amount of security deposits deposited into the Cash Management Account during such month;   provided  , that the notice given for the calendar month ended December 31, 2016 shall include security deposits deposited into the Cash Management Account during the period from and including the Closing Date through and including December 31, 2016.  
             4.3.10   Advance Rents Received  .  If Advance Rents collected during a calendar month exceed the Advance Rent Threshold for such calendar month, then within five (5) days of the last day of each such calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ended December 31, 2016 (if applicable), written notice of any Advance Rents received during such calendar month and the related Advance Rent Disbursement Schedules;   provided  , that the notice given for the calendar month ended December 31, 2016, if any, shall include Advance Rents received by Borrower for the period from and including the Closing Date through and including December 31, 2016.  
             4.3.11   Rent Refunds  .  Within five (5) days of the last day of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ending December 31, 2016, written notice of any Rent Refund Monthly Disbursement Amount for the Payment Date following such calendar month;   provided   that the notice given for the calendar month ending December 31, 2016 shall include Rent Refund Monthly Disbursement Amounts made by Borrower for the period from and including the Closing Date through and including December 31, 2016.  
             4.3.12   Certain Late Rent Payments Received  .  Within forty-five (45) days of the last day of each calendar quarter, beginning with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2017, written notice of collections of Rent payable with respect to a calendar month during such calendar quarter that was paid late and received prior to the date that is forty-five (45) days from but excluding the last day of such calendar quarter.  
 - 105 - 

4.3.13    ERISA Matters  .  
 (a)   As soon as reasonably possible, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any ERISA Event, written notice of, and any requested information relating to such ERISA Event.  
 (b)   As soon as reasonably possible after the occurrence of a Plan Termination Event, written notice of any action that any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates proposes to take with respect thereto, along with a copy of any notices received from or filed with the PBGC, the IRS or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to such Plan Termination Event, as applicable.  
 (c)   As soon as reasonably possible, and in any event within thirty (30) days after a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has actual knowledge of, or with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan to which such Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates makes direct contributions has reason to believe, that any of the events or conditions specified below with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan has occurred or exists, a statement signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower setting forth details respecting such event or condition and the action, if any, that the applicable Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates proposes to take with respect thereto (and a copy of any report or notice required to be filed with or given to PBGC by any such Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to such event or condition):  
 (i)   any Reportable Event with respect to a Plan, as to which the PBGC has not by regulation or otherwise waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event (  provided   that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, including the failure to make on or before its due date a required installment under Section 412(m) of the Code or Section 302(e) of ERISA, shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any waivers in accordance with Section 412(d) of the Code); and any request for a waiver under Section 412(d) of the Code for any Plan;  
 (ii)   the distribution under Section 404(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan or any action taken by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to terminate any Plan;  
 (iii)   the institution by the PBGC of proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the receipt by Equity Owner GP, any Loan Party or any of their ERISA Affiliates of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan;  
 (iv)   the complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates, as applicable, that results in liability under Section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA (including the obligation to satisfy secondary liability as a result of a purchaser default) or the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates, as applicable, of notice from a Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A of ERISA;  
 - 106 - 

(v)    the institution of a proceeding by a fiduciary of any Multiemployer Plan against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates, as applicable, to enforce Section 515 of ERISA; and  
 (vi)   failure to satisfy Section 436 of the Code.  
             4.3.14   Leases  .  Borrower shall deliver to Lender copies of the executed Leases for the Properties within ten (10) Business Days of request therefor by Lender.  
             4.3.15   Periodic Rating Agency Information  .  Borrower shall, or shall cause Manager to, deliver to Lender, and Lender shall deliver to the Approved Rating Agencies, the information and reports set forth on   Schedule V   (the    Periodic Rating Agency Information   ) at the times set forth therein.  
             4.3.16   Other Reports  .  
 (a)   Borrower shall deliver to Lender, within ten (10) Business Days of Lender s request therefor, copies of any requested Property Tax or insurance bills, statements or invoices received by Borrower or any Loan Party with respect to the Properties.  
 (b)   Borrower shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after request by Lender furnish or cause to be furnished to Lender in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by Lender, such additional information, documents, records or reports as may be reasonably requested with respect to the Property or the conditions or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Relevant Parties.  
             4.3.17   HOA Reporting  .  
 (a)   The Borrower shall deliver to Lender, within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2017, a report (the    Quarterly HOA Report   ) containing the following information with respect to each Applicable HOA Property, a data tape of such Applicable HOA Properties containing the following data fields:  (x) the data fields set forth on the     Properties Schedule under the captions  Property ID ,  YardiCode ,  Property Name ,  Address (Street) ,  City ,  County ,  State ,  Closest MSA , and  Zip Code , (y) the number of HOAs applicable to each such Applicable HOA Property, and (z) for each such Applicable HOA Property, the HOA name and notice address, the frequency with which payments are due to the HOA, the last HOA payment due date, the next HOA payment due date, the amount owed on the last HOA payment due date, the amount paid with respect to the last HOA payment due date, the amount due on the next HOA payment due date and annual payments to the HOA, which such Quarterly HOA Report shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as true, correct and complete in all material respects.  
   (b)   On or prior to the Closing Date, Borrower shall have delivered to the Lender the Closing Date HOA Opinions and the Closing Date OSN Certificate.  Subject to the remainder of this   clause (b)  , Borrower shall deliver to Lender, within twenty (20) Business Days after June 30 and December 31 of each calendar year, commencing with the date that is twenty (20) Business Days after June 30, 2017, with respect to each state that is not treated as an Applicable HOA   
 - 107 - 

State under this Agreement, one or more legal opinions (which may be in the form of a bring-down or date-down opinion with respect to an earlier delivered opinion, including, without limitation, the Closing Date HOA Opinion) from a nationally recognized law firm (or one with prominent standing in the applicable state or otherwise reasonably acceptable to Lender) opining with respect to each such state in which a Property is located whether such state is an Applicable HOA State (as defined under   clause (a)   of the definition thereof).  Any opinion required to be delivered pursuant to this   Section 4.3.17(b)   may be aggregated with any other opinion required to be delivered to Lender (or Servicer on behalf of Lender) so long as all the states in which Properties are located are included in such opinion or opinions and such opinion or opinions specifically reference this Agreement and otherwise meet the requirements of this   Section 4.3.17(b)  .  If, with respect to any state in which a Property is located, (i) Borrower fails to deliver to Lender an opinion pursuant to this   Section 4.3.17(b)  , the Lender may in its sole and absolute discretion designate such state an Applicable HOA State by written notice to Borrower or (ii) any opinion delivered to Lender pursuant to this   Section 4.3.17(b)   shall be materially different from any Closing Date HOA Opinion and such differences are not satisfactory to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion, Lender may request in writing that Borrower obtain a second opinion from a nationally recognized law firm (or one with prominent standing in the applicable state or otherwise reasonably acceptable to Lender) and deliver such opinion to Lender within twenty (20) Business Days of such written request and (1) if Borrower fails to deliver such a second opinion to Lender, the Lender may in its sole and absolute discretion designate such state an Applicable HOA State by written notice to Borrower or (2) if any such second opinion delivered to Lender shall be materially different from any Closing Date HOA Opinion and such differences are not satisfactory to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion and Lender believes in good faith that such state is an Applicable HOA State (as defined under   clause (a)   of the definition thereof), Lender may designate such state an Applicable HOA State by written notice to Borrower.  In addition, if, as a result of any such differences Lender believes in good faith that any provisions for the subordination of Liens for HOA Fees to the Lien of the Mortgages are unenforceable under the laws of an Applicable HOA State or that such Lien for HOA Fees would be entitled to Priority, Lender may redesignate all affected HOA Properties in such Applicable HOA State as Applicable HOA Properties.  On the Closing Date, Lender acknowledges based on the Closing Date HOA Opinions and the Closing Date OSN Certificate that there are no Applicable HOA States.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, Lender shall not be permitted to declare a state an Applicable HOA State pursuant to this   Section 4.3.17(b)   if Lender or its Servicer (excluding any special servicer) has received a legal opinion from a nationally recognized law firm (or one with prominent standing in the applicable state or otherwise reasonably acceptable to Lender) that if delivered by Borrower and referencing this Agreement would have resulted in such state not being declared an Applicable HOA State.  
 (c)   If subsequent to the Closing Date there is consummated a securitization of a single borrower single family residential rental financing similar to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such financing contains HOA reporting and/or HOA Opinion delivery requirements and/or HOA Funds reserve requirements that are less burdensome to the borrower thereunder than those required by this Agreement (including   Sections 4.3.17  ,   4.4.8  ,   6.1.3  ,   6.1.4  ,   6.1.5   and   Schedule V  ), then subject to a Rating Agency Confirmation, Borrower shall have the right to require Lender to amend this Agreement in a manner consistent with such less burdensome requirements.  
 - 108 - 

Section 4.4    Property Covenants  .  Borrower shall comply with the following covenants with respect to each Property:  
             4.4.1   Ownership of the Property  .  Borrower shall warrant and defend (a) the title to each Property and the related Collateral and (b) the validity and priority of the Lien of the Mortgages on the Properties, in each case against the claims of all Persons whomsoever; subject only to Permitted Liens and Transfers permitted hereunder.  Borrower shall reimburse Lender for any losses, costs, damages or expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) incurred by Lender if an interest in any Property, other than as permitted hereunder, is claimed by another Person.  
             4.4.2   Liens Against the Property  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any direct or indirect interest in any Property, except for the Permitted Liens.  
             4.4.3   Condition of the Property  .  Except if the Property has suffered a Casualty and is in the process being restored in accordance with   Section 5.4  , Borrower shall, and shall cause Borrower TRS to, keep and maintain in all material respects all Properties owned by Borrower or Borrower TRS, as applicable, in a good, safe and habitable condition and repair and free of and clear of any damage or waste, and from time to time make, or cause to be made, in all material respects, all reasonably necessary repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements thereto, necessary to comply with the Renovation Standards and applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects.  
             4.4.4   Compliance with Legal Requirements  .  The Property (including the leasing and intended use thereof) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements, including, without limitation, building and zoning ordinances and codes and all certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy permits, required for the legal leasing, use, occupancy, habitability and operation of the Property, all such certifications, permits, licenses and approvals shall be maintained in full force and effect, except as would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Property.  Borrower shall, and shall cause Borrower TRS to, obtain and maintain in full force and effect all consents, approvals, orders, certifications, permits, licenses and authorizations of, and make all filings with or notices to, any court or Governmental Authority related to the operation, use or leasing of the Property except where the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Property.  Borrower shall not, and shall not permit Equity Owner, Borrower TRS, any Manager or any other Person in occupancy of or involved with the operation, use or leasing of the Property to, commit any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against the Property or any part thereof.  
               4.4.5   Property Taxes and HOA Fees  .  Borrower shall promptly pay or cause to be paid all Property Taxes and HOA Fees now or hereafter levied, assessed or imposed on it as the same become due and payable and shall furnish to Lender evidence of payment of Property Taxes and HOA Fees prior to the date the same shall become delinquent, and shall promptly pay for all utility services provided to the Property as the same become due and payable (other than any such utilities which are, pursuant to the terms of any Lease, required to be paid by the Tenant   
 - 109 - 

thereunder directly to the applicable service provider);   provided  , that, after prior written notice to Lender of its intention to contest any such Property Taxes and HOA Fees, such Loan Party may contest by appropriate legal or other proceedings conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the amount or validity of any such Property Taxes and HOA Fees and, in such event, may permit the Property Taxes and HOA Fees so contested to remain unpaid during any period, including appeals, when a Loan Party is in good faith contesting the same so long as (a) no Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured, (b) such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (c) no Property or other Collateral nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost, (d) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, and the non-payment or non-discharge of such Property Taxes and HOA Fees would not reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the applicable Property, (d) enforcement of the contested Property Taxes and HOA Fees is effectively stayed for the entire duration of such contest and no Lien is imposed on any Property or other Collateral which is reasonably expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect, (f) any Property Taxes and HOA Fees determined to be due, together with any interest or penalties thereon, is promptly paid as required after final resolution of such contest, (g) to the extent such Property Taxes and HOA Fees (when aggregated with all other Taxes that any Loan Party is then contesting under   Section 4.1.4   or   Section 4.4.5   and for which Borrower has not delivered to Lender any Contest Security) exceed $2,500,000, Borrower shall deliver to Lender either (i) cash, or other security as may be approved by Lender, in an amount sufficient to insure the payment of any such Property Taxes and HOA Fees, together with all interest and penalties thereon or (ii) a payment and performance bond in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the contested amount from a surety acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion, (h) failure to pay such Property Taxes and HOA Fees will not subject Lender to any civil or criminal liability, (i) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of any Property, and (j) Borrower shall, upon request by Lender, give Lender prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and/or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth in   clauses (a)   through   (i)   of     this   Section 4.4.5  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall pay any contested Property Taxes and HOA Fees (or, if cash or other security has been provided, Lender may pay over any such cash or other security held by Lender to the claimant entitled thereto) if, in the Lender s reasonable judgment, any Property or other Collateral (or any part thereof or interest therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost or there shall be any danger of the Lien of any Collateral Document being primed by any related Lien.  
               4.4.6   Compliance with Agreements Relating to the Properties  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, enter into any agreement or instrument or become subject to any restriction which would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any Property.  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which any Property is bound.  Borrower shall not, and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, have a material financial obligation under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument by which any Property is bound, other than obligations under the Loan Documents.  Borrower, shall not and shall cause Borrower TRS not to, default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions   
 - 110 - 

contained in any Permitted Lien with respect to any Property.  No Property or any part thereof shall be subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other third parties.  
             4.4.7   Leasing  .  Borrower shall not, and shall cause the Borrower TRS not to, enter into any Lease (including any renewals or extensions of any existing Lease) for any Property unless such Lease is an Eligible Lease with an Eligible Tenant or a Carry-Over Tenant.  
             4.4.8   Verification of HOA Payments  .  Borrower shall deliver to Lender, within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2016, with respect to each Applicable HOA Property, proof of payment of the paid HOA Fees identified in the corresponding Quarterly HOA Report (whether in the form of cancelled checks, receipts, ACH confirmations, confirmation of electronic payments or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Lender) unless such proof of payment has previously been delivered (e.g. quarterly prepayments) as may reflect that as of the end of such calendar quarter no other amounts (except HOA Fees that may be contested in accordance with   Section 4.4.5  ) remain then due and payable by Borrower or that Borrower has prepaid or otherwise has a positive credit balance (whether in the form of invoices, payment coupons, account statements, assessment letters, estoppels, receipts or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender).  
             Article V              - INSURANCE; CASUALTY; CONDEMNATION  
             Section 5.1   Insurance  .  
             5.1.1   Insurance Policies  .  
 (a)   Borrower shall obtain and maintain, or cause to be maintained, insurance for Borrower and the Properties providing at least the following coverages:  
   (i)   comprehensive  all risk  or special causes of loss form insurance, as is available in the insurance market as of the Closing Date, including, but not limited to, loss caused by any type of windstorm (including hail) on the Properties (A) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the  full replacement cost , which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean actual replacement value of the Properties, subject to a loss limit equal to $25,000,000 per occurrence; (B) containing an agreed amount endorsement with respect to the Improvements and personal property at any Property waiving all co-insurance provisions or to be written on a no co-insurance form and (C) providing for no deductible in excess of $25,000 (it being understood that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (1) Borrower may utilize a $5,000,000 aggregate deductible stop loss subject to a $25,000 per occurrence deductible and a $25,000 maintenance deductible following the exhaustion of the aggregate, (2) the aggregate stop loss does not apply to any losses arising from named windstorm, earthquake or flood, (3) the perils of named windstorm or flood shall be permitted to have a per occurrence deductible of fifteen percent (15%) of the total insurable value of affected Properties (with a minimum deductible of $250,000 per occurrence for any and all affected Properties), (4) the peril of earth movement including but not limited to   
 - 111 - 

earthquake shall be permitted to have a per occurrence deductible of fifteen percent (15%) of the total insurable value of the affected Properties (with a minimum deductible of $250,000 per occurrence for any and all affected Properties) and (5) the peril of  other wind and hail  shall be permitted to have a per occurrence deductible of fifteen percent (15%) of the total insurable value of the affected Properties (with a minimum deductible of $250,000 per occurrence for any and all affected Properties)).  In addition, Borrower shall obtain (x) if any portion of a Property is currently or at any time in the future located in a federally designated  special flood hazard area , flood hazard insurance in an amount equal to the maximum amount of such insurance available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 or the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, as each may be amended, plus excess amounts as Lender shall require, (y) named storm insurance in an amount equal to the Probable Maximum Loss (PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a storm risk analysis for a 475 year event for the entire portfolio at risk (such analysis to be secured by the applicable Borrower utilizing a third-party firm qualified to perform such storm risk analysis using the most current RMS software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of storm surge, if applicable, and loss amplification, at the expense of the applicable Borrower at least one time per year or more frequently as may reasonably be requested by Lender and shared with Lender presented by the Properties located in areas prone to named storm activity); and (z) earthquake insurance in an amount equal to the Probable Maximum Loss (PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a seismic risk analysis for a 475 year event for the entire portfolio at risk (such analysis to be secured by the applicable Borrower utilizing a third-party firm qualified to perform such seismic risk analysis using the most current RMS software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of loss amplification, at the expense of the applicable Borrower at least one time per year or more frequently as may reasonably be requested by Lender and shared with Lender presented by the Properties located in areas prone to seismic activity);   provided  , that the insurance pursuant to   clauses (x)  ,   (y)   and   (z)   hereof shall be on terms consistent with the comprehensive all risk insurance policy required under this   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)  .  
   (ii)   business income or rental loss insurance, written on an  Actual Loss Sustained Basis  (A) with loss payable to Lender for the benefit of Lenders; (B) covering all risks required to be covered by the insurance provided for in   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)  ,   (iii)  ,   (iv)   and   (viii)  ; (C) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate projected net income plus continuing expenses from the operation of the Properties for a period of at least twelve (12) months after the date of the Casualty; and (D) containing an extended period of indemnity endorsement which provides that after the physical loss to the Improvements and personal property at a Property has been repaired, the continued loss of income will be insured until such income either returns to the same level it was at prior to the loss, or the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date that the applicable Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed, whichever first occurs, and notwithstanding that the policy may expire prior to the end of such period.  The amount of such business income or rental loss insurance shall be determined prior to the Closing Date and at least once each year thereafter based on Borrower  reasonable estimate of the net income from each Property for the succeeding twelve (12) month period.  All proceeds payable to Lender pursuant to this   clause (ii)   shall be held by Lender and shall   
 - 112 - 

be applied in Lender s sole discretion to (x) the Obligations or (y) Operating Expenses approved by Lender in its sole discretion;   provided  ,   however  , that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to relieve Borrower of their obligation to pay the Obligations on the respective dates of payment provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such amounts are actually paid out of the proceeds of such business income insurance;  
 (iii)   at all times during which structural construction, repairs or renovations are being made with respect to any Property, and only if each of the property coverage form and the liability insurance coverage form does not otherwise apply, (A) owner s contingent or protective liability insurance, otherwise known as Owner Contractor s Protective Liability (or its equivalent), covering claims not covered by or under the terms or provisions of the above mentioned commercial general liability insurance policy and (B) the insurance provided for in   Section 5.1.1(a)   written in a so-called builder s risk completed value form including coverage for all insurable hard and soft costs of construction (x) on a non-reporting basis, (y) against all risks insured against pursuant to   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)  ,   (iii)  ,   (iv)   and   (viii)  , (z) including permission to occupy such Property and (C) with an agreed amount endorsement waiving co-insurance provisions;  
 (iv)   commercial general liability insurance against claims for personal injury, bodily injury, death or property damage occurring upon, in or about any Property, such insurance (A) to be on the so-called  occurrence  form with a combined limit of not less than One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) per occurrence; Two Million and No/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in the aggregate  per location  and overall $20,000,000.00 in the aggregate; (B) to continue at not less than the aforesaid limit until required to be changed by Lender in writing by reason of changed economic conditions making such protection inadequate and (C) to be at least as broad as Insurance Services Offices (ISO) policy form CG 00 01;  
 (v)   if applicable, automobile liability coverage for all owned and non-owned vehicles, including rented and leased vehicles, containing minimum limits per occurrence of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00);  
 (vi)   if applicable, worker s compensation subject to the worker s compensation laws of the applicable state, and employer s liability in amounts reasonably acceptable to Lender;  
 (vii)   umbrella and excess liability insurance in an amount not less than Fifty Million and No/100 Dollars ($50,000,000.00) per occurrence and in the aggregate on terms consistent with the commercial general liability insurance policy required under   Section 5.1.1(a)(iv)  , and including employer liability and automobile liability, if applicable; and  
   (viii)   upon sixty (60) days  written notice, such other reasonable insurance, and in such reasonable amounts as Lender from time to time may reasonably request against such other insurable hazards which at the time are commonly insured against for   
 - 113 - 

properties similar to the Properties located in or around the region in which Properties are located.  
 (b)   All Policies required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1   shall:  (i) be obtained under valid and enforceable policies (collectively, the    Policies    or in the singular, the    Policy   ), and shall be subject to the approval of Lender as to insurance companies, amounts, deductibles, loss payees and insureds and (ii) be issued by financially sound and responsible insurance companies authorized to do business in the states where the applicable Properties are located and having a rating of  A3  or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of  A-  or better by S P or Fitch,   provided  ,     however  , that if Borrower elects to have its insurance coverage provided by a syndicate of insurers, then, if such syndicate consists of five (5) or more members, (A) at least sixty percent (60%) of the insurance coverage (or seventy-five percent (75%) if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) and one hundred (100%) of the first layer of such insurance coverage shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of  A3  or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of  A-  or better by S P or Fitch and (B) the remaining forty percent (40%) of the insurance coverage (or the remaining twenty-five percent (25%) if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of  Baa2  by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of  BBB  or better by S P or Fitch.  
 (c)   All Policies of insurance provided for in   Section 5.1.1(a)  , except for the Policies referenced in   Section 5.1.1(a)(vi)  , shall contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that:  
 (i)   no act or negligence of Borrower, or anyone acting for Borrower, or of any Tenant or other occupant, or failure to comply with the provisions of any Policy, which might otherwise result in a forfeiture of the insurance or any part thereof, shall in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the insurance insofar as Lender is concerned;  
 (ii)   the Policy shall not be canceled without at least thirty (30) days  written notice to Lender and any other party named therein as an additional insured (other than in the case of non-payment in which case only ten (10) days  prior notice, or the shortest time allowed by applicable Legal Requirement (whichever is longer), will be required) and shall not be materially changed (other than to increase the coverage provided thereby) without such a thirty (30) day notice;  
 (iii)   Lender shall not be liable for any Insurance Premiums thereon or subject to any assessments thereunder; and  
 (iv)   the issuers thereof shall give notice to Lender if a Policy has not been renewed ten (10) days prior to its expiration.  
   (d)   Certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies shall be delivered to Lender on the Closing Date with respect to the current Policies.  Further, not less than ten (10) days prior to the expiration dates of the Policies theretofore furnished to Lender, Borrower shall deliver to Lender certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies (and, upon the written request of Lender,   
 - 114 - 

copies of such Policies) accompanied by evidence satisfactory to Lender of payment of the premiums due thereunder (the    Insurance Premiums   ).  
 (e)   Any blanket insurance Policy shall otherwise provide the same protection as would a separate Policy insuring only the Properties in compliance with the provisions of   Section 5.1.1(a)   (any such blanket policy, an    Acceptable Blanket Policy   ).  
 (f)   All Policies of insurance provided for or contemplated by   Section 5.1.1(a)  , except for the Policy referenced in   Section 5.1.1(a)(iv)  , shall name Borrower as the insured and Lender and its successors and/or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as its interests may appear, and in the case of property damage, boiler and machinery, windstorm, flood and earthquake insurance, shall contain a so-called New York standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Lender providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Lender unless below the threshold for Borrower to handle such claim without Lender intervention as provided in   Section 5.2  .  Additionally, if Borrower obtains property insurance coverage in addition to or in excess of that required by   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)  , then such insurance policies shall also contain a so-called New York standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Lender providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Lender.  
 (g)   If at any time Lender is not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, Lender shall have the right, without notice to Borrower, to take such action as Lender deems necessary to protect its interest in the Properties, including, without limitation, the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Lender in its sole discretion deems appropriate after three (3) Business Days notice to Borrower if prior to the date upon which any such coverage will lapse or at any time Lender deems necessary (regardless of prior notice to Borrower) to avoid the lapse of any such coverage.  All premiums incurred by Lender in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lender upon demand and, until paid, shall be secured by the Collateral Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.  
 (h)   In the event of foreclosure of the pledge of the Equity Interest of Borrower pursuant to the Equity Owner Security Agreement the Policies shall remain in full force and effect.  
               Section 5.2   Casualty  .  If a Property is damaged or destroyed in whole or in part by fire or other casualty (a    Casualty   ) and either (a) the aggregate loss amount with respect to the damaged Property is or is reasonably expected to exceed $25,000, or (b) the damaged Property is or is reasonably expected to be rendered uninhabitable for more than thirty (30) days as a result of the Casualty, then (i) the Borrower is required to file proof of loss under the applicable Policy or Policies and (ii) the Borrower shall give prompt notice of the Casualty to the Lender.  Lender may, but shall not be obligated to make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower.  In addition, Lender may participate in any settlement discussions with any insurance companies (and shall approve any final settlement) (x) if an Event of Default is continuing or (y) with respect to any single Casualty event in which the Net Proceeds or the costs of completing the Restoration of the affected Property or Properties are reasonably expected to be equal to or greater than the Casualty Threshold Amount and Borrower shall deliver to Lender all instruments required by Lender to permit such participation.  Any Insurance Proceeds in   
 - 115 - 

connection with any Casualty (whether or not Lender elects to settle and adjust the claim or Borrower settles such claim) shall be due and payable solely to Lender and held by Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  If Borrower or any party other than Lender receives any Insurance Proceeds or Condemnation Proceeds, Borrower shall immediately deliver such proceeds to Lender and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, check payable therefor to the order of Lender.  Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to endorse any such check payable to the order of Lender.  Borrower hereby releases Lender from any and all liability with respect to the settlement and adjustment by Lender of any claims in respect of any Casualty.  
             Section 5.3   Condemnation  .      Borrower shall promptly give Lender notice of the actual or, to the extent in writing, threatened commencement of any proceeding for the Condemnation of all or any portion of a Property and shall deliver to Lender copies of any and all papers served in connection with such proceedings.  Lender may participate in any such proceedings, and Borrower shall from time to time deliver to Lender all instruments requested by it to permit such participation.  Borrower shall, at its expense, diligently prosecute any such proceedings, and shall consult with Lender, its attorneys and experts, and cooperate with them in the carrying on or defense of any such proceedings which is reasonably expected to involve an Award of an amount greater than the Casualty Threshold Amount.  Notwithstanding any taking by any public or quasi-public authority through Condemnation or otherwise (including, but not limited to, any transfer made in lieu of or in anticipation of the exercise of such taking), Borrower shall continue to pay the Debt at the time and in the manner provided for its payment in the Note and in this Agreement and the Debt shall not be reduced until any Condemnation Proceeds shall have been actually received and applied by Lender, after the deduction of expenses of collection, to the reduction or discharge of the Debt.  If Borrower or any party other than Lender receives any Condemnation Proceeds, Borrower shall immediately deliver such proceeds to Lender and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, a check payable therefore to the order of Lender.  Lender shall not be limited to the interest paid on the Award by the condemning authority but shall be entitled to receive out of the Award interest at the rate or rates provided herein or in the Note.  Net Proceeds from a Condemnation shall be applied as follows:  
 (a)   If a partial Condemnation of a Property does not interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property, then the Net Proceeds paid by the condemning authority shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(c)  .  
   (b)   If a partial Condemnation of a Property does interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property or if there occurs a complete Condemnation of a Property (each, a    Fully Condemned Property   ), then (i) if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, within thirty (30) days of the date of the occurrence of such Condemnation, Borrower delivers to Lender a written undertaking to substitute the Fully Condemned Property with a Substitute Property in accordance with the requirements of   Section 2.4.2(a)  , then (A) if Net Proceeds are paid by the condemning authority directly to Borrower subsequent to such substitution, such Net Proceeds may be retained by Borrower (for the avoidance of doubt, Net Proceeds received by Borrower prior to such substitution shall be immediately paid to Lender as required by   Section 5.2  ), (B) if Net Proceeds are paid by the condemning authority to Lender, such Net Proceeds will be disbursed by Lender to Borrower upon the consummation of such substitution and (C) Borrower shall provide a Substitute   
 - 116 - 

Property within ten (10) Business Days of the date of such undertaking in accordance with the requirements of   Section 2.4.2(a)   and (ii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or Borrower fails to deliver such an undertaking to Lender, then (A) Lender may retain any Net Proceeds received by it, (B) Borrower shall immediately deliver to Lender any Net Proceeds paid to Borrower, (C) the Net Proceeds shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in an amount equal to the Release Amount for the Fully Condemned Property in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(c)   and     (D)     Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Release Amount for the Fully Condemned Property over such Net Proceeds.  Promptly following Borrower s written request after either (1) the substitution of a Substitute Property for such Fully Condemned Property in accordance with the conditions set forth above or (2) receipt by Lender of the Net Proceeds and payment of the Release Amount for such Property, Lender shall (x) release the Fully Condemned Property from the applicable Mortgage Documents and related Lien,   provided  , that (A) Borrower has delivered to Lender a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage and the Collateral Assignment of Leases and Rents applicable to the Fully Condemned Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Fully Condemned Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Fully Condemned Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Fully Condemned Property is located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender and (B) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Lender s reasonable attorneys  fees) and (y) disburse to Borrower (A) in the case of a substitution of a Substitute Property for such Fully Condemned Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the condemning authority and (B) in the case of the payment of the Release Amount for such Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the condemning authority in excess of the Release Amount for such Property;   provided   that, during the continuance of a Cash Sweep Period, the applicable Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Subaccount and disbursed in accordance with   Section 6.6.3  .  
             Section 5.4   Restoration  .  
 The following provisions shall apply in connection with the Restoration of any Property affected by a Casualty: 
   (a)   If the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is less than the Casualty Threshold Amount, then, (i) if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, within sixty (60) days of the date of the occurrence of such Casualty, Borrower delivers to Lender a written undertaking to expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then (A) if Net Proceeds are paid by the insurance company directly to Borrower subsequent to delivering such undertaking, such Net Proceeds may be retained by Borrower (for the avoidance of doubt, Net Proceeds received by Borrower prior to delivering such undertaking shall be immediately paid to Lender as required by   Section 5.2  ), (B) if Net Proceeds are paid by the insurance company to Lender, such Net Proceeds will be disbursed by Lender to Borrower and (C) Borrower shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of   Section 5.4(c)   and (ii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or Borrower fails to deliver such an   
 - 117 - 

undertaking to Lender, then (A) Lender may retain any Net Proceeds received by it, (B) Borrower shall immediately deliver to Lender any Net Proceeds paid to Borrower as required by   Section 5.2  , (C) such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in an amount equal to the Release Amount for such Property in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(c)  , (D) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Release Amount for such Property over such Net Proceeds, and (E) promptly following Borrower s written request and receipt by Lender of the Net Proceeds and payment by Borrower of the amounts set forth in   clause (D)   above, if any, Lender shall (x) release the affected Properties from the applicable Mortgage Documents and related Liens,   provided  , that (A) Borrower has delivered to Lender draft releases (and, in the event any of the Mortgages and the Assignments of Leases and Rents applicable to any of the affected Properties encumber other Property(ies) in addition to the affected Properties, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the affected Property(ies) and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such affected Properties are located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender and (B) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Lender s reasonable attorneys  fees) and (y) disburse to Borrower (A) in the case of a substitution of a Substitute Property for such Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the insurance company and (B) in the case of the payment of the Release Amount for such Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the insurance company in excess of the Release Amount for such Property, if any;   provided   that, during the continuance of  a Cash Sweep Period, the applicable Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Subaccount and disbursed in accordance with   Section 6.6.3  .  
   (b)   If the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is greater than the Casualty Threshold Amount, then, (i) if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, within sixty (60) days of the date of the occurrence of such Casualty, Borrower delivers to Lender a written undertaking to expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then (A) Borrower shall immediately deliver to Lender any Net Proceeds paid to Borrower as required by   Section 5.2   and (B) Borrower shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of and subject to the conditions of   Section 5.4(d)   and (ii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or Borrower fails to deliver such an undertaking to Lender, then (A) Lender may retain any Net Proceeds received by it, (B) Borrower shall immediately deliver to Lender any Net Proceeds paid to Borrower as required by   Section 5.2  , (C) such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in an amount equal to the Release Amount for such Property in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(c)  , (D) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess,  if any, of the Release Amount for the affected Properties over such Net Proceeds, and (E) promptly following Borrower s written request and receipt by Lender of the Net Proceeds and payment by Borrower of the amounts set forth in   clause (D)   above, if any, Lender shall (x) release the affected Properties from the applicable Mortgage Documents and related Liens,   provided  , that (A) Borrower has delivered to Lender draft releases (and, in the event any of the Mortgages and the Assignments of Leases and Rents applicable to any of the affected Properties encumber other Property(ies) in addition to the affected Properties, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the affected Property(ies) and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance   
 - 118 - 

appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such affected Properties are located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Lender and (B) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Lender s reasonable attorneys  fees) and (y) disburse to Borrower (A) in the case of a substitution of a Substitute Property for such Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the insurance company and (B) in the case of the payment of the Release  Amount for such Property, the Net Proceeds paid by the insurance company in excess of the Release Amount for such Property, if any;   provided   that, during the continuance of a Cash Sweep Period, the applicable Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Subaccount and disbursed in accordance with   Section 6.6.3  .  
 (c)   If Borrower elects to undertake the Restoration a Property or Properties pursuant to   Section 5.4(a)  , (i) Borrower shall, subject to applicable Legal Requirements, commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ninety (90) days after such Casualty occurs) and shall diligently pursue the same to satisfactory completion; (ii) Borrower shall cause the affected Property and the use thereof after the Restoration to be in compliance in all material respects with and permitted under all applicable Legal Requirements and such Property, after Restoration, shall be of the same character as prior to such damage or destruction, in all material respects; (iii) the Restoration shall be done and completed by Borrower in an expeditious and diligent fashion and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements and the Renovation Standards and (iv) for any Restoration of a Property with a total expected cost exceeding $25,000, Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender a signed detailed budget approved in writing by Borrower s architect or engineer stating the entire cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably acceptable to Lender.  
 (d)   If Borrower elects to undertake the Restoration of a Property or Properties pursuant to   Section 5.4(b)  , the following provisions shall apply:  
   (i)   the Net Proceeds shall be made available to Borrower for Restoration upon the determination of Lender that the following conditions are met:  (A) Borrower shall, subject to applicable Legal Requirements, commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ninety (90) days after such Casualty occurs) and shall diligently pursue the same to satisfactory completion; (B) Lender shall be satisfied that any operating deficits, including all scheduled payments of principal and interest under the Note, which will be incurred with respect to the Properties as a result of the occurrence of the Casualty, whichever the case may be, will be covered out of (1) the Net Proceeds, (2) the insurance coverage referred to in   Section 5.1.1(a)(ii)  , if applicable, or (3) by other funds of Borrower; (C) Lender shall be satisfied that the Restoration will be completed on or before the earliest to occur of (1) the date six (6) months prior to the Initial Maturity Date, as extended pursuant to   Section 2.8  , (2) the earliest date required for such completion under the terms of any Lease, (3) such time as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements or (4) six (6) months prior to the expiration of the insurance coverage referred to in   Section 5.1.1(a)(ii)  ; (D) Borrower shall cause the affected Property and the use thereof after the Restoration to be in compliance with and permitted under all applicable Legal Requirements and such Property, after Restoration, shall be of the same character as prior to such damage or destruction; (E) the Restoration   
 - 119 - 

shall be done and completed by Borrower in an expeditious and diligent fashion and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements and the Renovation Standards; (F) for any Restoration of a Property with a total expected cost exceeding $25,000, Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender a signed detailed budget approved in writing by Borrower s architect or engineer stating the entire cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably acceptable to Lender and (G) the Net Proceeds together with any cash or cash equivalent deposited by Borrower with Lender are sufficient in Lender s discretion to cover the cost of the Restoration.  
 (ii)   The Net Proceeds shall be held by Lender in the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount and, until disbursed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(d)  , shall constitute additional security for the Debt and other obligations under the Loan Documents.  The Net Proceeds shall be disbursed by Lender to, or as directed by, Borrower from time to time during the course of the Restoration, upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to Lender that (A) all materials installed and work and labor performed (except to the extent that they are to be paid for out of the requested disbursement) in connection with the Restoration have been paid for in full, and (B) there exist no notices of pendency, stop orders, mechanic s or materialman s liens or notices of intention to file same, or any similar liens or encumbrances on the Properties which have not been fully bonded to the satisfaction of Lender and discharged of record or in the alternative fully insured to the satisfaction of Lender by the title company issuing the Title Insurance Policy.  
 (iii)   All plans and specifications required in connection with the Restoration shall be subject to the prior approval of Lender and an independent consulting engineer selected by Lender (the    Casualty Consultant   ) and, in each case such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Lender shall have the use of the plans and specifications and all permits, licenses and approvals required or obtained in connection with the Restoration.  The identity of the contractors, subcontractors and materialmen engaged in the Restoration, as well as the contracts under which they have been engaged, shall be subject to the approval of Lender and the Casualty Consultant, in each case such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  All costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with recovering, holding and advancing the Net Proceeds for the Restoration including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements and the Casualty Consultant s fees and disbursements, shall be paid by Borrower.  
   (iv)   In no event shall Lender be obligated to make disbursements of the Net Proceeds in excess of an amount equal to the costs actually incurred from time to time for work in place as part of the Restoration, as certified by the Casualty Consultant, less the Casualty Retainage.  The term    Casualty Retainage    shall mean, as to each contractor, subcontractor or materialman engaged in the Restoration, an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the costs actually incurred for work in place as part of the Restoration, as certified by the Casualty Consultant, until the Restoration has been completed.  The Casualty Retainage shall in no event, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this   Section 5.4(d)  , be less than the amount actually held back by   
 - 120 - 

Borrower from contractors, subcontractors and materialmen engaged in the Restoration.  The Casualty Retainage shall not be released until the Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(b)   and that all approvals necessary for the re-occupancy and use of the Property have been obtained from all appropriate Governmental Authorities, and Lender receives evidence satisfactory to Lender that the costs of the Restoration have been paid in full or will be paid in full out of the Casualty Retainage;   provided  ,   however  , that Lender will release the portion of the Casualty Retainage being held with respect to any contractor, subcontractor or materialman engaged in the Restoration as of the date upon which (x) the Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that such contractor, subcontractor or materialman has satisfactorily completed all work and has supplied all materials in accordance with the provisions of such contractor s, subcontractor s or materialman s contract, (y) the contractor, subcontractor or materialman delivers the lien waivers and evidence of payment in full of all sums due to the contractor, subcontractor or materialman as may be reasonably requested by Lender or by the title company issuing the Title Insurance Policy, and (z) Lender receives an endorsement to the Title Insurance Policy insuring the continued priority of the Lien of the Mortgage and evidence of payment of any premium payable for such endorsement.  If required by Lender, the release of any such portion of the Casualty Retainage shall be approved by the surety company, if any, which has issued a payment or performance bond with respect to the contractor, subcontractor or materialman.  
 (v)   Lender shall not be obligated to make disbursements of the Net Proceeds more frequently than once every calendar month.  
 (vi)   If at any time the Net Proceeds or the undisbursed balance thereof shall not, in the opinion of Lender in consultation with the Casualty Consultant, be sufficient to pay in full the balance of the costs which are estimated by the Casualty Consultant to be incurred in connection with the completion of the Restoration, Borrower shall deposit the deficiency (the    Net Proceeds Deficiency   ) with Lender (for deposit into the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount) before any further disbursement of the Net Proceeds shall be made.  The Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited with Lender shall be deposited by Lender into the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount and shall be disbursed for costs actually incurred in connection with the Restoration on the same conditions applicable to the disbursement of the Net Proceeds, and until so disbursed pursuant to this   Section 5.4(d)   shall constitute additional security for the Obligations.  
 (vii)   The excess, if any, of the Net Proceeds and the remaining balance, if any, of the Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited with Lender after the Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(d)  , and the receipt by Lender of evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender that all costs incurred in connection with the Restoration have been paid in full, shall be remitted by Lender to Borrower, provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing.  
 - 121 - 

(e)    All reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with any Restoration including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements, shall be paid by Borrower.  
 (f)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, including the provisions of   Section 5.3   or   Section 5.4  , if the Loan is included in a REMIC Trust and, immediately following a release of any portion of the Lien of a Mortgage following a Casualty or Condemnation of a Property (but taking into account any proposed Restoration of the remaining portion of such Property), the ratio of the unpaid principal balance of the Loan to the value of the remaining Properties is greater than 125% (such value to be determined, in Lender s sole discretion, by any commercially reasonable method permitted to a REMIC Trust; and which shall exclude the value of personal property (other than fixtures) or going concern value, if any), the Outstanding Principal Balance must be paid down (by application of the Net Proceeds or Award, as applicable, or if such amounts are not sufficient, by Borrower) by a  qualified amount  as that term is defined in the IRS Revenue Procedure 2010-30, as the same may be amended, replaced, supplemented or modified from time to time, unless Lender receives an opinion of counsel that if such amount is not paid, the applicable Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a result of the related release of such portion of the Lien of such Mortgage.  If and to the extent the preceding sentence applies, only such amount of the net Award or net Insurance Proceeds (as applicable), if any, in excess of the amount required to pay down the principal balance of the Loan may be released for purposes of Restoration or released to Borrower as otherwise expressly provided in   Section 5.3   or   Section 5.4  .  
 (g)   In the event of foreclosure of a Mortgage, or other transfer of title to a Property or Properties in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Debt all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force concerning such Property or Properties and all proceeds payable thereunder shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Lender or other transferee in the event of such other transfer of title.  
             Article VI              - RESERVE FUNDS  
             Section 6.1   Tax Funds; HOA Funds  .  
               6.1.1   Deposits of Tax Funds  .  Borrower shall deposit with Lender on each Payment Date an amount equal to one-twelfth of the Property Taxes that Lender estimates will be payable during the next ensuing twelve (12) months, in order to accumulate sufficient funds to pay all such Property Taxes prior to their respective due dates, which amounts shall be transferred into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the    Tax Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Tax Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.1.1   are referred to herein as the    Tax Funds   .  If at any time Lender reasonably determines that the Tax Funds will not be sufficient to pay the Property Taxes, Lender shall notify Borrower of such determination and, commencing with the first Payment Date following Borrower s receipt of such written notice, the monthly deposits for Property Taxes shall be increased by the amount that Lender estimates is sufficient to make up the deficiency at least ten (10) days prior to the respective due dates for the Property Taxes;   provided  , that if Borrower receives notice of any deficiency after the date that is ten (10) days prior to the date that Property   
 - 122 - 

Taxes are due, Borrower will deposit with or on behalf of Lender such amount within two (2) Business Days after its receipt of such notice.  
             6.1.2   Release of Tax Funds  .  Provided no Event of Default is continuing, Lender shall apply Tax Funds in the Tax Subaccount to reimburse Borrower for payments of Property Taxes made by Borrower after delivery by Borrower to Lender of evidence of such payment reasonably acceptable to Lender.  If the amount of the Tax Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Property Taxes, Lender shall, in its sole discretion, return any excess to Borrower or credit such excess against future payments to be made to the Tax Funds.  Any Tax Funds remaining in the Tax Subaccount after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrower.  Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, the Tax Funds reserved for any Property shall be released upon a permitted sale and release of such Property in accordance with the terms hereof.  
             6.1.3   Special Reserve of Tax Funds  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in lieu of making the deposits required by   Section 6.1.1  , Borrower may, by written notice to Lender, elect to maintain the Tax Subaccount at an amount equal to the amount of Property Taxes payable with respect to the Properties for a period of six (6) months.  If such an election is in effect and Lender determines that the Tax Funds in the Tax Subaccount constitute less than the amount described in the previous sentence, Lender shall notify Borrower of such determination and, commencing with the first Payment Date following Borrower s receipt of such written notice, Borrower shall deposit into the Tax Subaccount such shortfall.  Furthermore, during any period while such an election is in effect, Borrower shall not be entitled to receive any release of Tax Funds from the Tax Subaccount.  Borrower may revoke the election contemplated by this   Section 6.1.3   by written notice to Lender;   provided  , that (a) such revocation shall not take effect until the first Payment Date that is more than ten (10) Business Days after the Lender receives such written notice and (b) on such Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit into the Tax Subaccount an amount reasonably determined by Lender that, when combined with prospective deposits into the Tax Subaccount contemplated by the first sentence of   Section 6.1.1  , will be sufficient funds to pay all Property Taxes with respect to the Properties prior to their respective due dates.  
   6.1.4   Prepayment of Property Taxes  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 6.1.1  , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall not be required to make deposits of Tax Funds to the Tax Subaccount for any Property if Borrower maintains a program whereby it prepays twelve (12) months of Property Taxes for such Property prior to the due dates therefor.  If Borrower maintains such a program for a Property it may make an election to discontinue deposits of Tax Funds to the Tax Subaccount for the applicable Properties by providing a written notice thereof to Lender  (a    Property Tax Prepayment Election   ).  In addition,  Borrower shall deliver to Lender, within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2017, proof of payment of prepaid Property Taxes for the Properties identified in the Property Tax Prepayment Election (whether in the form of cancelled checks, receipts, ACH confirmations, confirmation of electronic payments or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Lender) unless such proof of payment has previously been delivered (i.e., during the prior calendar quarter).  
 - 123 - 

6.1.5    Deposits of HOA Funds  .  Borrower shall deposit with Lender on the Closing Date, an amount equal to the HOA Fees that Lender estimates will be payable with respect to all Applicable HOA Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months, which amounts shall be transferred into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the    HOA Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the HOA Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.1.5   are referred to herein as the    HOA Funds   .  If at any time Lender reasonably determines that the HOA Funds will not be sufficient to pay the HOA Fees for the Applicable HOA Properties for the next ensuing twelve (12) months, Lender shall notify Borrower of such determination and, within thirty (30) days following Borrower s receipt of such written notice, Borrower shall deposit with Lender for transfer into the HOA Subaccount an amount that Lender estimates is sufficient to make up the deficiency.  
             6.1.6   Release of HOA Funds  .  If at any time Lender believes in good faith that HOA Fees due and payable to an HOA for any HOA Property have become delinquent, Lender shall in its sole and absolute discretion apply the HOA Funds to pay such HOA Fees.  If the amount of the HOA Funds shall exceed the HOA Fees that Lender estimates will be payable with respect to all Applicable HOA Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months, Lender shall, in its sole discretion, return any excess to Borrower or credit such excess against future payments to be made to the HOA Funds.  Any HOA Funds remaining in the HOA Subaccount after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrower.  Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, the HOA Funds reserved for any Applicable HOA Property shall be released upon a permitted sale and release of such Property in accordance with the terms hereof.  
             Section 6.2   Insurance Funds  .  
             6.2.1   Deposits of Insurance Funds  .  Borrower shall deposit with or on behalf of Lender on each Payment Date, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the Insurance Premiums that Lender estimates will be payable for the renewal of the coverage afforded by the Policies upon the expiration thereof, in order to accumulate sufficient funds to pay all such Insurance Premiums prior to the expiration of the Policies, which amounts shall be transferred into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the    Insurance Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Insurance Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.2.1   are referred to herein as the    Insurance Funds   .  If at any time Lender reasonably determines that the Insurance Funds will not be sufficient to pay the Insurance Premiums, Lender shall notify Borrower of such determination and the monthly deposits for Insurance Premiums shall be increased by the amount that Lender estimates is sufficient to make up the deficiency at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the Policies.  
             6.2.2   Release of Insurance Funds  .  Provided no Event of Default is continuing, Lender shall apply Insurance Funds in the Insurance Subaccount to timely pay, or reimburse Borrower for payments of, Insurance Premiums.  If the amount of the Insurance Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Insurance Premiums, Lender shall, in its sole discretion, return any excess to Borrower or credit such excess against future payments to be made to the Insurance Funds.  Any Insurance Funds remaining in the Insurance Subaccount after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrower.  Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, the Insurance Funds reserved for any Property shall be released upon a permitted sale and release of such Property in accordance with the terms hereof.  
 - 124 - 

6.2.3    Acceptable Blanket Policy  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 6.2.1  , if an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1  , deposits into the Insurance Subaccount required for Insurance Premiums pursuant to   Section 6.2.1   shall be suspended to the extent that Insurance Premiums relate to such Acceptable Blanket Policy.  As of the Closing Date, an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required as of the Closing Date pursuant to   Section 5.1.1  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower may, by written notice to Lender given not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, elect to reinstate, as of such Payment Date, deposits to the Insurance Subaccount with respect to the Insurance Premiums for one or more of the Policies required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1   for which an Acceptable Blanket Policy     is in effect.  Further, if Borrower makes such an election, then Borrower may rescind such election by providing a written notice thereof to Lender, which notice shall be effective as of the Payment Date that follows such notice by more than ten (10) Business Days or such later Payment Date as Borrower specifies in its election.  
             Section 6.3   Capital Expenditure Funds  .  
             6.3.1   Deposits of Capital Expenditure Funds  .  Borrower shall deposit with or on behalf of Lender on each Payment Date, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the product of (a) $959   multiplied   by (b) the number of Properties to which the Loan is applicable, in order to accumulate sufficient funds, for annual Capital Expenditures, which amounts shall be transferred into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the    Capital Expenditure Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Capital Expenditure Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.3.1   are referred to herein as the    Capital Expenditure Funds   .  
             6.3.2   Release of Capital Expenditure Funds  .  Provided no Event of Default is continuing, Lender shall disburse Capital Expenditure Funds out of the Capital Expenditure Subaccount to reimburse Borrower for Capital Expenditures actually paid for by Borrower,   provided   that:  (a) such disbursement is for an Approved Capital Expenditure, (b) the request for disbursement is accompanied by an Officer s Certificate from Borrower stating that (i) the items to be funded by the requested disbursement are Approved Capital Expenditures, and a description thereof, (ii) all Approved Capital Expenditures to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed (or completed to the extent of the requested disbursement) in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance, in all material respects, with all applicable Legal Requirements and the Renovation Standards and, (iii) the Approved Capital Expenditures to be funded from the disbursement in question have not been the subject of a previous disbursement and have been paid for by Borrower and (c) for any individual expenditure greater than $25,000, Borrower has delivered to Lender copies of any invoices, bills or statements related to such Approved Capital Expenditures that are requested by Lender.  For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower shall not be entitled to receive a distribution of Capital Expenditure Funds for expenses related to the refurbishment or repair of a Property to the extent that Borrower has been or will be entitled to reimbursement for such expenses from a Tenant s security deposit.  
               Section 6.4   Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount  .  Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Lender all Insurance Proceeds or Awards due to any Casualty or Condemnation in accordance with the provisions of   Section 5.2   and   Section 5.3  , which amounts shall be   
 - 125 - 

transferred into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Bank to hold such funds (the    Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.4   are referred to herein as the    Casualty and Condemnation Funds   .  All Casualty and Condemnation Funds shall be held, disbursed and/or applied in accordance with the provisions of   Section 5.3   or   Section 5.4  , as applicable.  
             Section 6.5   Eligibility Reserve Subaccount  .  
             6.5.1   Deposit of Eligibility Funds  .  If Borrower shall be required to make a prepayment in respect of any Property pursuant to   Section 2.4.2(a)   (other than in the case of any Property that constitutes a Disqualified Property due to the occurrence of a Voluntary Action in respect thereof), Borrower shall have an option to deposit into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Bank to hold such funds (the    Eligibility Reserve Subaccount   ) an amount equal to 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for any such Property (   Eligibility Funds   ),   provided   that Borrower provides Lender with written notice of any such Eligibility Funds and, no later than the due date for the prepayment required under   Section 2.4.2(a)  , delivers such Eligibility Funds with Lender for deposit to the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount.  
             6.5.2   Release of Eligibility Funds  .  Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, Lender shall disburse the Eligibility Funds with respect to a Property to Borrower upon (a) the sale of such Property and payment in full of the applicable Release Amount, (b) upon such Property becoming an Eligible Property or (c) upon the substitution of the applicable Disqualified Property with a Substitute Property in accordance with the conditions of   Section 2.4.2(a)  .  
             Section 6.6   Cash Collateral  .  
             6.6.1   Cash Collateral Subaccount  .  If a Cash Sweep Period shall be continuing, all Available Cash (after payment of the Monthly Budgeted Amount and any Approved Extraordinary Expenses in accordance with   Section 2.6.3  ) shall be paid to Lender, which amounts shall be transferred by Lender into a Subaccount (the    Cash Collateral Subaccount   ) to be held by Lender as cash collateral for the Debt.  Amounts on deposit from time to time in the Cash Collateral Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.6.1   are referred to as the    Cash Collateral Funds   .  Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, in its sole and absolute discretion to apply any and all Cash Collateral Funds then on deposit in the Cash Collateral Subaccount to the Debt, in such order and in such manner as Lender shall elect in its sole and absolute discretion, including to make a prepayment of principal (together with the applicable Spread Maintenance Premium, Interest Shortfall and Breakage Costs, if any, applicable thereto) or any other amounts due hereunder.  
               6.6.2   Withdrawal of Cash Collateral Funds  .  Provided no Default or an Event of Default hereunder is continuing and there is an amount exceeding one percent (1%) of the Outstanding Principal Balance on deposit in the Cash Collateral Subaccount (the    Cash Collateral Floor   ), Lender shall make disbursements from the Cash Collateral Subaccount of Cash Collateral Funds in excess of the Cash Collateral Floor to pay costs and expenses in connection with the ownership, management and/or operation of the Properties to the extent such   
 - 126 - 

amounts are not otherwise paid pursuant to   Section 6.6.1   or by Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement for the following items:  (a) Operating Expenses (including management fees, but subject to the Management Fee Cap) set forth in an Approved Annual Budget (subject to a five percent (5%) variation for Operating Expenses in such Approved Annual Budget), (b) emergency repairs and/or life-safety items (including applicable Capital Expenditures for such purpose), (c) Capital Expenditures set forth in an Approved Annual Budget (subject to a five percent (5%) variation for Capital Expenditures in such Approved Annual Budget), (d) legal, audit and accounting costs associated with the Properties or Borrower, excluding legal fees incurred in connection with the enforcement of Borrower s rights pursuant to the Loan Documents, (e) payment of Debt Service on the Loan, (f) voluntary or mandatory prepayment of the Loan (together with any applicable Spread Maintenance Premium), including, without limitation, any Debt Yield Cure Prepayment and (g) expenses and shortfalls relating to Restoration;   provided  , that no disbursements shall be made from the Cash Collateral Subaccount for any of the Operating Expenses or Capital Expenditures described in the foregoing   clauses (a)   through   (d)   to the extent amounts for such Operating Expenses or Capital Expenditures have been distributed to Borrower from the Cash Management Account under   Section 2.6.3(j)(ii)(B)  , or may be distributed to Borrower from the Tax Subaccount, the Insurance Subaccount or the Capital Expenditure Subaccount, as applicable.  
             6.6.3   Release of Cash Collateral Funds  .  Provided no Cash Sweep Period is continuing as of two consecutive Calculation Dates, Lender shall release Cash Collateral Funds in the Cash Collateral Subaccount to Borrower;   provided  , that in the event of a Debt Yield Cure Prepayment, the Lender is required to release the Cash Collateral Funds to Borrower within one (1) Business Day of the date of such Debt Yield Cure Prepayment.  
             6.6.4   Extraordinary Expense  .  If, during any Cash Sweep Period, Borrower incurs or is required to incur an operating expense or capital expense which is not set forth in the Approved Annual Budget (each an    Extraordinary Expense   ), then Borrower shall promptly deliver to Lender in writing a reasonably detailed explanation of such Extraordinary Expense.  If a Cash Sweep Period then exists, then such Extraordinary Expense shall be subject to Lender s approval, which approval may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed so long as no Event of Default then exists;   provided  ,   however  , that during a Cash Sweep Period, so long as no Event of Default then exists, Lender shall be deemed to have approved any Extraordinary Expense (other than fees paid to any Manager or any amounts paid to any Affiliates of Borrower) that (a) does not exceed (when aggregated with any and all other requested and unpaid Extraordinary Expenses covered by the same line item of the Approved Annual Budget) ten percent (10%) of the monthly amount of the applicable line item set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for such month and (b) does not exceed (when aggregated with any and all other requested and unpaid Extraordinary Expenses of the same type (i.e., Operating Expenses or Capital Expenditures)) five percent (5%) of the aggregate monthly amount of the Approved Annual Budget with respect to Operating Expenses or Capital Expenditures, as applicable, for such month.  Any Extraordinary Expense incurred by Borrower and approved (or deemed approved) by Lender is referred to herein as an (   Approved Extraordinary Expense   ).  Any amounts distributed to Borrower for the payment of Approved Extraordinary Expenses pursuant to   Section 6.6.4   shall be used by Borrower only to pay for such Approved Extraordinary Expenses or reimburse Borrower for such Approved Extraordinary Expenses, as applicable.  
 - 127 - 

Section 6.7    Advance Rent Funds  .  
             6.7.1   Deposits of Advance Rent Funds  .  In the event Borrower receives any Advance Rent during a calendar month in excess of the Advance Rent Threshold for such calendar month, Borrower shall deposit (or cause to be deposited) all Advance Rents collected for such calendar month into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the    Advance Rent Subaccount   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time in the Advance Rent Subaccount pursuant to this   Section 6.7.1   are referred to herein as the    Advance Rent Funds   .  
             6.7.2   Release of Advance Rent Funds  .  Provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, on each Payment Date, Lender shall disburse the applicable Advance Rent Funds to the Cash Management Account in accordance with the Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule.  
             Section 6.8   Reserve Funds, Generally  .  
 (a)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Article VI  , disbursements of Reserve Funds to Borrower shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lender of a Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date;   provided  , that if the amount of Reserve Funds to be released to Borrower on any Reserve Release Date is less than the Minimum Disbursement Amount, then such Reserve Funds shall continue to be maintained in the Subaccounts until the next Reserve Release Date on which an amount equal to or greater than the Minimum Disbursement Amount is available for disbursement or until the payment in full of the Obligations.  
 (b)   Borrower grants to Lender a first-priority perfected security interest in each of the Reserve Funds and any and all monies now or hereafter deposited in each Reserve Fund as additional security for payment of the Debt.  Until expended or applied in accordance herewith, the Reserve Funds shall constitute additional security for the Debt.  
 (c)   During the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lender, apply any sums then present in any or all of the Reserve Funds to the payment of the Debt in any order in its sole discretion.  
 (d)   The Reserve Funds shall be held in an Eligible Account in cash or Permitted Investments as directed by Lender or Lender s Servicer.  All interest on a Reserve Fund shall be added to and become a part thereof and shall be the sole property of Borrower.  Borrower shall be responsible for payment of any federal, state or local income or other tax applicable to the interest earned on the Reserve Funds credited or paid to Borrower.  
 (e)   Borrower shall not, without obtaining the prior written consent of Lender, further pledge, assign or grant any security interest in any Reserve Fund or the monies deposited therein or permit any lien or encumbrance to attach thereto, or any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC 1 financing statements, except those naming Lender as the secured party, to be filed with respect thereto.  
   (f)   Lender and Servicer shall not be liable for any loss sustained on the investment of any funds constituting the Reserve Funds.  Borrower shall indemnify Lender and Servicer and   
 - 128 - 

hold Lender and Servicer harmless from and against any and all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations and costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) arising from or in any way connected with the Reserve Funds or the performance of the obligations for which the Reserve Funds were established.  Borrower shall assign to Lender all rights and claims Borrower may have against all persons or entities supplying labor, materials or other services which are to be paid from or secured by the Reserve Funds;   provided  ,     however  , that Lender may not pursue any such right or claim unless an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured.  
             Article VII              - DEFAULTS  
             Section 7.1   Event of Default  .  
 (a)   Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (an    Event of Default   ):  
 (i)   if (A) the Debt is not paid in full on the Maturity Date, (B) any regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest or principal due under the Note is not paid in full on the applicable Payment Date, (C) any prepayment of principal or Release Amount due under this Agreement or the Note is not paid when due or (D) any Spread Maintenance Premium, Interest Shortfall or Breakage Costs is not paid when due;  
 (ii)   if any deposit to the Reserve Funds is not made on the required deposit date therefor, with such failure continuing for two (2) Business Days after Lender delivers written notice thereof to Borrower;  
 (iii)   if any other amount payable pursuant to this Agreement, the Note or any other Loan Document (other than as set forth in the foregoing   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  ) is not paid in full when due and payable in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Loan Document, with such failure continuing for ten (10) days after Lender delivers written notice thereof to Borrower;  
 (iv)   if the Policies are not (A) delivered to Lender within five (5) days of Lender s written request and (B) kept in full force and effect, each in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof;  
 (v)   a Transfer occurs, other than (A) a Permitted Transfer or (B) (without limiting   clause (xii)   below) a Transfer that results in a Property becoming a Disqualified Property (other than a voluntary sale of a Property);  
 (vi)   if any certification, representation or warranty made by a Relevant Party herein or any other Loan Document, other than a Property Representation, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument, agreement or document furnished to Lender shall have been false or misleading in any material and adverse respect as of the date such representation or warranty was made;   provided  ,   however  , if any untrue certification, representation or warranty made after the Closing Date is susceptible of being cured, Borrower shall have the right to cure such certification, representation or warranty within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice from Lender;  
 - 129 - 

(vii)    if any Relevant Party shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors;  
 (viii)   if a receiver, liquidator or trustee shall be appointed for any Relevant Party, any Relevant Party shall be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or if any petition for bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement pursuant to federal bankruptcy law, or any similar federal or state law, shall be filed by or against, consented to, or acquiesced in by, Relevant Party, or if any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of any Relevant Party shall be instituted, or if any Loan Party is substantively consolidated with any Person other than a Loan Party;   provided  ,   however  , if such appointment, adjudication, petition, proceeding or consolidation was involuntary and not consented to by such Relevant Party, upon the same not being discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days following its filing;  
 (ix)   if any Loan Party attempts to assign its rights under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any interest herein or therein in contravention of the Loan Documents;  
 (x)   if any of the assumptions contained in the Insolvency Opinion, or in any Additional Insolvency Opinion delivered to Lender in connection with the Loan, is or shall become untrue in any material respect;  
 (xi)   a breach of the covenants set forth in   Sections 4.1.1  ,   4.1.2  ,   4.1.3  ,   4.1.4  ,   4.1.12  ,   4.1.19  ,   4.2.2  ,   4.2.3  ,   4.2.5  ,   4.2.8  ,   4.2.9  ,   4.2.11  ,   4.2.13  ,   4.2.14   or   4.2.15  ;  
 (xii)   if with respect to any Disqualified Property, Borrower fails to within the time periods specified in   Section 2.4.2(a)   either:  (A) pay the Release Amount in respect thereof, (B) substitute such Disqualified Property with a Substitute Property in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(a)   or (C) or deposit an amount equal to 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for the Disqualified Property in the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount in accordance with   Section 2.4.2(a)   and such failure continues for more than five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof from Lender to Borrower;  
 (xiii)   if, without Lender s prior written consent, (i) any Management Agreement is terminated (unless simultaneously therewith, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement in accordance with   Section 4.2.1  ), or (ii) there is a default by Borrower under any Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice or grace period that permits such Manager to terminate or cancel the applicable Management Agreement (unless, within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such notice or grace period, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement in accordance with   Section 4.2.1  );  
 (xiv)   if any Loan Party, Sponsor, any Qualified Transferee, or any subsidiary of Sponsor or any Qualified Transferee that owns a direct or indirect ownership interest in any Loan Party shall be convicted of a Patriot Act Offense by a court of competent jurisdiction;  
   (xv)   any failure on the part of any Borrower to duly observe or perform any of its covenants set forth in   Section 4.1.20   or the representation and warranty in   
 - 130 - 

Section 3.1.24   shall fail to be correct in respect of a Tenant of any Property and, in each case, Borrower fails to notify OFAC within five (5) Business Days of Borrower or Manager obtaining knowledge that such Tenant is on any of the lists described in those sections and promptly take such steps as may be required by OFAC with respect to such Tenant;  
 (xvi)   if there shall be a default under any of the other Loan Documents beyond any applicable cure periods contained in such Loan Documents, whether as to any Relevant Party or the Properties, or if any other such event shall occur or condition shall exist, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of any portion of the Obligations or to permit Lender to accelerate the maturity of all or any portion of the Obligations;  
 (xvii)   if Borrower fails to obtain or maintain an Interest Rate Cap Agreement or replacement thereof in accordance with   Section 2.2.7  ;  
 (xviii)   if any Loan Document or any Lien granted thereunder by any Relevant Party shall (except in accordance with its terms or pursuant to Lender s written consent), in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties thereto or any Relevant Party or any other party shall disaffirm or contest, in writing, in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability (other than as a result of the occurrence of the payment in full of the Obligations);  
 (xix)   one or more final judgments for the payment of $3,000,000 or more rendered against any Loan Party, and such amount is not covered by insurance or indemnity or discharged, paid or stayed within sixty (60) days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished;  
 (xx)   Sponsor or any Qualified Transferee that executes and delivers a replacement guaranty pursuant to   Section 4.2.17(e)   fails to comply with the Sponsor Financial Covenant;   provided  , that the foregoing shall not be an Event of Default if an Affiliate of the Borrower or such Qualified Transferee has agreed in writing to be primarily liable for all obligations of the Sponsor or such Qualified Transferee, as applicable, under the Sponsor Guaranty and such Affiliate satisfies the Sponsor Financial Covenant; or  
   (xxi)   if any Relevant Party shall continue to be in Default under any of the other terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document not specified in   clauses (i)   through   (xx)   above, and such Default shall continue for ten (10) days after notice to Borrower from Lender, in the case of any such Default which can be cured by the payment of a sum of money, or for thirty (30) days after notice to Borrower from Lender in the case of any other such Default;   provided  ,   however  , that if such non-monetary Default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day period, and   provided further   that Borrower shall have commenced to cure such Default within such 30-day period and thereafter diligently and expeditiously   
 - 131 - 

proceeds to cure the same, such 30-day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Borrower in the exercise of due diligence to cure such Default, such additional period not to exceed ninety (90) days.  
 (b)   During the continuance of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in   clauses (vii)  ,   (viii)   or   (ix)   above), in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or at law or in equity, Lender may take such action, without notice or demand, that Lender deems advisable to protect and enforce its rights against any Relevant Party and in and to any or all of the Properties, including, without limitation, declaring the Debt to be immediately due and payable, and Lender may enforce or avail itself of any or all rights or remedies provided in the Loan Documents against the Relevant Parties and any or all of the Properties, including, without limitation, all rights or remedies available at law or in equity; and upon any Event of Default described in   clauses (vii)  ,   (viii)   or   (ix)   above, the Debt and Other Obligations of Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall immediately and automatically become due and payable, without notice or demand, and Borrower hereby expressly waives any such notice or demand, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding.  
             Section 7.2   Remedies  .  
 (a)   During the continuance of an Event of Default, all or any one or more of the rights, powers, privileges and other remedies available to Lender against each Relevant Party under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, a Relevant Party or at law or in equity may be exercised by Lender at any time and from time to time, whether or not all or any of the Debt shall be declared due and payable, and whether or not Lender shall have commenced any foreclosure proceeding or other action for the enforcement of its rights and remedies under any of the Loan Documents with respect to all or any part of any Property.  Any such actions taken by Lender shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued independently, singularly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Lender may determine in its sole discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights and remedies of Lender permitted by law, equity or contract or as set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower agrees that if an Event of Default is continuing (i) Lender is not subject to any  one action  or  election of remedies  law or rule, and (ii) all liens and other rights, remedies or privileges provided to Lender shall remain in full force and effect until Lender has exhausted all of its remedies against the Properties and each Mortgage has been foreclosed, sold and/or otherwise realized upon in satisfaction of the Debt or the Debt has been paid in full.  
   (b)   With respect to Borrower and the Properties, nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be construed as requiring Lender to resort to any Property for the satisfaction of any of the Debt in any preference or priority to any other Property, and Lender may seek satisfaction out of all of the Properties, or any part thereof, in its absolute discretion in respect of the Debt.  In addition, Lender shall have the right from time to time to partially foreclose the Lien of the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents in any manner and for any amounts secured by the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents then due and payable as determined by Lender in its sole discretion including, without limitation, the following   
 - 132 - 

circumstances:  (i) in the event Borrower defaults beyond any applicable grace period in the payment of one or more scheduled payments of principal and interest, Lender may foreclose the Lien of one or more of the Mortgages and/or the other Collateral Documents to recover such delinquent payments or (ii) in the event Lender elects to accelerate less than the entire Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan, Lender may foreclose the Lien of one or more of the Mortgages and/or the other Collateral Documents to recover so much of the principal balance of the Loan as Lender may accelerate and such other sums secured by the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents as Lender may elect.  Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, the Collateral shall remain subject to the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents to secure payment of sums secured by the Collateral Documents and not previously recovered.  
 (c)   During the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender shall have the right from time to time to sever the Note and the other Loan Documents into one or more separate notes, Collateral Documents and other security documents (the    Severed Loan Documents   ) in such denominations as Lender shall determine in its sole discretion for purposes of evidencing and enforcing its rights and remedies provided hereunder.  Borrower shall execute and deliver to Lender from time to time, promptly after the request of Lender, a severance agreement and such other documents as Lender shall request in order to effect the severance described in the preceding sentence, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender.  The Loan Parties hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoint Lender as its true and lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect the aforesaid severance, Borrower ratifying all that its said attorney shall do by virtue thereof;   provided  ,     however  , Lender shall not make or execute any such documents under such power until three (3) days after notice has been given to a Loan Party by Lender of Lender s intent to exercise its rights under such power.  Borrower shall be obligated to pay any costs or expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution, recording or filing of the Severed Loan Documents and the Severed Loan Documents shall not contain any representations, warranties or covenants not contained in the Loan Documents and any such representations and warranties contained in the Severed Loan Documents will be given by Borrower only as of the Closing Date.  
 (d)   As used in this   Section 7.2  , a  foreclosure  shall include, without limitation, any sale by power of sale.  
             Section 7.3   Remedies Cumulative; Waivers  .  The rights, powers and remedies of Lender under this Agreement shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other right, power or remedy which Lender may have against Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or existing at law or in equity or otherwise.  Lender s rights, powers and remedies may be pursued singularly, concurrently or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Lender may determine in Lender s sole discretion.  No delay or omission to exercise any remedy, right or power accruing upon an Event of Default shall impair any such remedy, right or power or shall be construed as a waiver thereof, but any such remedy, right or power may be exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.  A waiver of one Default or Event of Default with respect to Borrower shall not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent Default or Event of Default by Borrower or to impair any remedy, right or power consequent thereon.  
 - 133 - 

Section 7.4    Lender s Right to Perform  .  If Borrower fails to perform any covenant or obligation contained herein and such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days after Borrower s receipt of written notice thereof from Lender, without in any way limiting Lender s right to exercise any of its rights, powers or remedies as provided hereunder, or under any of the other Loan Documents, Lender may, but shall have no obligation to, perform, or cause the performance of, such covenant or obligation, and all costs, expenses, liabilities, penalties and fines of Lender incurred or paid in connection therewith shall be payable by Borrower to Lender upon demand and if not paid shall be added to the Obligations (and to the extent permitted under applicable laws, secured by the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents) and shall bear interest thereafter at the Default Rate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender shall have no obligation to send notice to Borrower of any such failure.  
             Article VIII              - SPECIAL PROVISIONS  
             Section 8.1   Securitization  .  
             8.1.1   Sale of Notes and Securitization  .    
 (a)   Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Lender may sell all or any portion of the Loan and the Loan Documents, or issue one or more participations therein, or consummate one or more private or public securitizations of rated single- or multi-class securities (the    Securities   ) secured by or evidencing ownership interests in all or any portion of the Loan and the Loan Documents or a pool of assets that include the Loan and the Loan Documents (such sales, participations and/or securitizations, collectively, a    Securitization   ).  Lender shall promptly notify Borrower of any such sale of all or any portion of the Loan.  Lender or its designee, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower, shall maintain a register (   Register   ) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time.  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  
   (b)   At the request of Lender, and to the extent not already required to be provided by or on behalf of Borrower under this Agreement, Borrower shall provide information not in the possession of Lender  which is in the possession or control of Borrower or its Affiliates or which may be reasonably required by Lender, in each case in order to satisfy the market standards to which Lender customarily adheres or which may be reasonably required by prospective investors and/or the Approved Rating Agencies in connection with any such Securitization.  Lender shall have the right to provide to investors, prospective investors and the Approved Rating Agencies any information in its possession that it is required to provide to such Persons pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, including financial statements relating to Borrower, Sponsor and the Properties.  Borrower acknowledges that certain information regarding the Loan and the parties thereto and the Properties may be included in a private placement memorandum, prospectus or other disclosure documents.  Borrower agrees that Borrower, shall, at Lender s request, cooperate with Lender s efforts to arrange for a Securitization in accordance with the market standards to which Lender customarily adheres and/or which may be required by prospective investors and/or the Approved Rating Agencies in connection with any such Securitization.    
 - 134 - 

Within a reasonable period of time following Lender s request in connection with a Securitization, Borrower agrees to review only those portions of the Disclosure Documents that relate to Borrower, Equity Owner, Sponsor, the Properties and the Loan, which is contained in the sections of the Disclosure Documents entitled  Risk Factors,   Special Considerations,   Description of the Mortgage,   Description of the Mortgage Loan and Mortgaged Properties,   The Manager,   The Borrower,  and  Certain Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loan  (or sections similarly titled or covering similar subject matters) (collectively, the    Covered Disclosure Information   ), and shall certify that the factual statements and representations contained in the Covered Disclosure Information do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
             8.1.2   Securitization Costs  .  All reasonable third party costs and expenses incurred by Borrower and Equity Owners in connection with Borrower s complying with requests made under this   Section 8.1   (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of the Approved Rating Agencies, any mortgage recording taxes, title insurance premiums and UCC insurance premiums) shall be paid by Borrower with respect to the Securitization on the Closing Date and otherwise as required by the Lender, except as otherwise provided herein.  
             Section 8.2   Securitization Cooperation  .  
 (a)   Borrower understands that certain of the Provided Information may be included in Disclosure Documents in connection with the Securitization and may also be included in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or provided or made available to investors or prospective investors in the Securities, the Approved Rating Agencies, and service providers relating to the Securitization.  In the event that the Disclosure Document is required to be revised prior to the sale of all Securities, Borrower will cooperate with the holder of the Note in providing current information necessary to keep the Disclosure Document accurate and complete in all material respects to the extent such information is in Borrower s possession or control.  
 (b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Borrower shall have no obligation to act as depositor with respect to the Loan or an issuer or registrant with respect to the Securities issued in any Securitization.  
               Section 8.3   Servicer  .  At the option of Lender, the Loan may be serviced by a master servicer, primary servicer, special servicer and/or trustee (any such master servicer, primary servicer, special servicer, and trustee, together with its agents, nominees or designees, are collectively referred to as    Servicer   ) selected by Lender and Lender may delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to Servicer pursuant to a pooling and servicing agreement, servicing agreement, special servicing agreement or other agreement providing for the servicing of one or more mortgage loans (collectively, the    Servicing Agreement   ) between Lender and Servicer.  Borrower shall not be responsible for any set-up fees or any other initial costs relating to or arising under the Servicing Agreement.  Borrower shall not be responsible for payment of the monthly master servicing fee due to the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall pay all   
 - 135 - 

Trust Fund Expenses.  For the avoidance of doubt, this   Section 8.3   shall not be deemed to limit Borrower s obligations under   Section 9.13(a)  .  
             Article IX              - MISCELLANEOUS  
             Section 9.1   Survival  .  This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lender of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lender of the Note, and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Debt is outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents.  Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party.  All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrower, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Lender.  
             Section 9.2   Lender s Discretion; Rating Agency Review Waiver  .  
 (a)   Whenever pursuant to this Agreement Lender exercises any right given to it to approve or disapprove any matter, or any arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to Lender, the decision of Lender to approve or disapprove such matter or to decide whether arrangements or terms are satisfactory or not satisfactory shall (except as is otherwise specifically herein provided) be in the sole discretion of Lender and shall be final and conclusive.  Prior to a Securitization, whenever pursuant to this Agreement the Approved Rating Agencies are given any right to approve or disapprove any matter, or any arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to the Approved Rating Agencies, the decision of Lender to approve or disapprove such matter or to decide whether arrangements or terms are satisfactory or not satisfactory, based upon Lender s determination of Rating Agency criteria, shall be substituted therefor.  
 (b)   Whenever, pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, a Rating Agency Confirmation is required from each Approved Rating Agency, in the event that any Approved  Rating Agency  declines review ,  waives review  or otherwise indicates to Lender s or Servicer s satisfaction that no Rating Agency Confirmation will or needs to be issued with respect to the matter in question (each, a    Review Waiver   ), then the requirement to obtain a Rating Agency Confirmation from such Approved Rating Agency shall not apply with respect to such matter;   provided  ,   however  , if a Review Waiver occurs with respect to an Approved Rating Agency and Lender does not have a separate and independent approval right with respect to the matter in question, then such matter shall require the written reasonable approval of Lender.  It is expressly agreed and understood, however, that receipt of a Review Waiver (i) from any one Approved Rating Agency shall not be binding or apply with respect to any other Approved Rating Agency and (ii) with respect to one matter shall not apply or be deemed to apply to any subsequent matter for which Rating Agency Confirmation is required.  
             Section 9.3   Governing Law  .  
   (a)   THIS AGREEMENT WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, THE LOAN WAS MADE BY LENDER AND ACCEPTED BY BORROWER IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE PROCEEDS OF THE LOAN DELIVERED   
 - 136 - 

PURSUANT HERETO WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE AND ANY APPLICABLE LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EXCEPT THAT AT ALL TIMES THE PROVISIONS FOR THE CREATION, PERFECTION, AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS CREATED PURSUANT TO ANY MORTGAGE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAW OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE APPLICABLE INDIVIDUAL PROPERTY OR PROPERTIES COVERED BY SUCH MORTGAGE IS LOCATED TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN SUCH MORTGAGE, IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF ALL LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ALL OF THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.  
 (b)   ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST LENDER OR BORROWER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY AT LENDER S OPTION BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW AND BORROWER WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  
               Section 9.4   Modification, Waiver in Writing  .  No modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or of the Note, or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose, for which given.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,   
 - 137 - 

no notice to, or demand on Borrower, shall entitle Borrower to any other or future notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances.  
             Section 9.5   Delay Not a Waiver  .  Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Lender in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder, or under the Note or under any other Loan Document, or any other instrument given as security therefor, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege.  In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement, the Note or any other Loan Document, Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts due under this Agreement, the Note or the other Loan Documents, or to declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other amount.  
             Section 9.6   Notices  .  All notices, consents, approvals and requests required or permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be given in writing and shall be effective for all purposes if hand delivered or sent by (a) certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (b) expedited prepaid delivery service, either commercial or United States Postal Service, with proof of attempted delivery, addressed as follows (or at such other address and Person as shall be designated from time to time by any party hereto, as the case may be, in a written notice to the other parties hereto in the manner provided for in this Section):  

If to Lender:   
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 383 Madison Avenue, Floor 31 New York, New York 10179 Attention:  Noah Qua Noonan    

and 
 Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association 10851 Mastin Street, Suite 300 Overland Park, Kansas 66210 Attention:  Executive Vice President   Division Head Facsimile No. (913) 253-9001 
 - 138 - 

and  
 Andrascik   Tita LLC 1425 Locust Street, Suite 26B Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102 Attention:  Stephanie M. Tita Email:  Stephanie@kanlegal.com 

A notice shall be deemed to have been given:  in the case of hand delivery, at the time of delivery; in the case of registered or certified mail, when delivered or the first attempted delivery on a Business Day; or in the case of expedited prepaid delivery, upon the first attempted delivery on a Business Day. 
             Section 9.7   Trial by Jury  .  BORROWER HEREBY AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.  THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY BORROWER, AND IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE.  LENDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER BY BORROWER.  
             Section 9.8   Headings  .    The Article and/or Section headings and the Table of Contents in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose.  
             Section 9.9   Severability  .  Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.  
               Section 9.10   Preferences  .  Lender shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and reapply any and all payments by Borrower to any portion of the obligations of Borrower hereunder.  To the extent Borrower makes a payment or payments to Lender, which payment or proceeds or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such payment or proceeds received, the obligations hereunder or part thereof intended to be   
 - 139 - 

satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Lender.  
             Section 9.11   Waiver of Notice  .  Borrower shall not be entitled to any notices of any nature whatsoever from Lender except with respect to matters for which this Agreement or the other Loan Documents specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lender to Borrower and except with respect to matters for which Borrower is not, pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, permitted to waive the giving of notice.  Borrower hereby expressly waives the right to receive any notice from Lender with respect to any matter for which this Agreement or the other Loan Documents do not specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lender to Borrower.  
             Section 9.12   Remedies of Borrower  .  In the event that a claim or adjudication is made that Lender or its agents have acted unreasonably or unreasonably delayed acting in any case where by law or under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Lender or such agent, as the case may be, has an obligation to act reasonably or promptly, Borrower agrees that neither Lender nor its agents shall be liable for any monetary damages, and Borrower s sole remedies shall be limited to commencing an action seeking injunctive relief or declaratory judgment;   provided  ,   however  , that the foregoing shall not prevent Borrower from obtaining a monetary judgment against Lender if it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Lender acted with gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.  The parties hereto agree that any action or proceeding to determine whether Lender has acted reasonably shall be determined by an action seeking declaratory judgment.  
             Section 9.13   Expenses; Indemnity  .  
   (a)   Borrower covenants and agrees to pay or, if Borrower fails to pay, to reimburse, Lender upon receipt of written notice from Lender for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) incurred by Lender in connection with (i) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and all the costs of furnishing all opinions by counsel for Borrower (including without limitation any opinions requested by Borrower as to any legal matters arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with respect to the Property); (ii) Borrower s ongoing performance of and compliance with Borrower s respective agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its part to be performed or complied with after the Closing Date, including, without limitation, confirming compliance with environmental and insurance requirements; (iii) Lender s ongoing performance and compliance with all agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its part to be performed or complied with after the Closing Date; (iv) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and administration of any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents or matters requested by Borrower; (v) securing Borrower s compliance with any requests made pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement; (vi) the filing and recording fees and expenses, title insurance and fees and expenses of counsel for providing to Lender all required legal opinions, and other similar expenses incurred in creating and perfecting the Liens in favor of Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (vii) enforcing or preserving any rights, in response   
 - 140 - 

to third party claims or the prosecuting or defending of any action or proceeding or other litigation, in each case against, under or affecting Borrower, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Properties, or any other security given for the Loan; and (viii) enforcing any obligations of or collecting any payments due from Borrower under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or with respect to the Properties (including Trust Fund Expenses associated therewith), or in connection with any refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided under this Agreement in the nature of a  work-out  or of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or any other amounts required under   Section 8.3  ;   provided  ,   however  , that Borrower shall not be liable for the payment of any such costs and expenses to the extent the same arise by reason of the gross negligence, illegal acts, fraud or willful misconduct of Lender.  Any cost and expenses due and payable to Lender may be paid from any amounts in the Rent Deposit Account or Cash Management Account, as applicable.  
 (b)   Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Lender and each of its respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives, agents and Affiliates (the    Indemnified Persons   ) from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person shall be designated a party thereto), that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Person in any manner relating to or arising out of (i) any breach by Borrower of its obligations under, or any material misrepresentation by Borrower contained in, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (ii) the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loan (collectively, the    Indemnified Liabilities      provided  ,   however  , that Borrower shall not have any obligation to any Indemnified Person hereunder to the extent that such Indemnified Liabilities arise from the gross negligence, illegal acts, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person.  To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, defend and hold harmless set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable because it violates any law or public policy, Borrower shall pay the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Indemnified Persons.  
 (c)   Borrower covenants and agrees to pay for or, if Borrower fails to pay, to reimburse Lender for, any fees and expenses incurred by any Rating Agency in connection with any Rating Agency review of the Loan, the Loan Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby or any consent, approval, waiver or confirmation obtained from such Rating Agency pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and Lender shall be entitled to require payment of such fees and expenses as a condition precedent to the obtaining of any such consent, approval, waiver or confirmation.  
   (d)   Borrower shall indemnify the Indemnified Persons against any liabilities to which any Indemnified Person may become subject in connection with any indemnification to the Approved Rating Agencies in connection with issuing, monitoring or maintaining the Securities insofar as the liabilities arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement of any material fact in any information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers to the Approved Rating Agencies (the    Covered Rating Agency Information   ) or arise out of or are based upon the omission to state a material fact in the Covered Rating Agency Information required to be stated therein or   
 - 141 - 

necessary in order to make the statements in the Covered Rating Agency Information, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
             Section 9.14   Schedules Incorporated  .    The Schedules annexed hereto are hereby incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement with the same effect as if set forth in the body hereof.  
             Section 9.15   Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses  .  Any assignee of Lender s interest in and to this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents shall take the same free and clear of all offsets, counterclaims or defenses which are unrelated to such documents which Borrower may otherwise have against any assignor of such documents, and no such unrelated counterclaim or defense shall be interposed or asserted by Borrower in any action or proceeding brought by any such assignee upon such documents and any such right to interpose or assert any such unrelated offset, counterclaim or defense in any such action or proceeding is hereby expressly waived by Borrower.  
             Section 9.16   No Joint Venture or Partnership; No Third Party; Beneficiaries  .  
 (a)   Borrower and Lender intend that the relationships created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents be solely that of borrower and lender.  Nothing herein or therein is intended to create a joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common, or joint tenancy relationship between Borrower and Lender nor to grant Lender any interest in the Properties other than that of mortgagee, beneficiary or lender.  
 (b)   This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are solely for the benefit of Lender and Borrower and nothing contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to confer upon anyone other than Lender and Borrower any right to insist upon or to enforce the performance or observance of any of the obligations contained herein or therein.  All conditions to the obligations of Lender to make the Loan hereunder are imposed solely and exclusively for the benefit of Lender and no other Person shall have standing to require satisfaction of such conditions in accordance with their terms or be entitled to assume that Lender will refuse to make the Loan in the absence of strict compliance with any or all thereof and no other Person shall under any circumstances be deemed to be a beneficiary of such conditions, any or all of which may be freely waived in whole or in part by Lender if, in Lender s sole discretion, Lender deems it advisable or desirable to do so.  
               Section 9.17   Publicity  .  All news releases, publicity or advertising by Borrower or its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general public which refers to the Loan Documents or the financing evidenced by the Loan Documents, to Lender, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association or any of their Affiliates (with respect to the Loan and the Securitization of the Loan only) shall be subject to the prior written approval of Lender and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association in their sole discretion.  Lender shall have the right to publicly describe the Loan in general terms advertising and public communications of all kinds, including press releases, direct mail, newspapers, magazines, journals, e mail, or internet advertising or communications.  Details such as the addresses of the Properties, the amount of the Loan, the date of the closing and descriptions of the size/locations of the Properties shall only be included subject to Borrower s approval in advance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,   
 - 142 - 

Borrower s approval shall not be required for the publication by Lender of notice of the Loan and the Securitization of the Loan by means of a customary tombstone advertisement, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include the amount of the Loan, the amount of securities sold, the number of Properties as of the Closing Date, the settlement date and the parties involved in the transactions contemplated hereby and the Securitization.  
             Section 9.18   Cross Default; Cross Collateralization; Waiver of Marshalling of Assets  .  
 (a)   Borrower acknowledges that Lender has made the Loan to Borrower upon the security of its collective interest in the Properties and in reliance upon the aggregate of the Properties taken together being of greater value as collateral security than the sum of each Property taken separately.  Borrower agrees that the Mortgages are and will be cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other so that (i) an Event of Default under any of the Mortgages shall constitute an Event of Default under each of the other Mortgages which secure the Note; (ii) an Event of Default under the Note or this Agreement shall constitute an Event of Default under each Mortgage; (iii) each Mortgage shall constitute security for the Note as if a single blanket lien were placed on all of the Properties as security for the Note; and (iv) such cross-collateralization shall in no event be deemed to constitute a fraudulent conveyance.  
 (b)   To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives all rights to a marshalling of the assets of Borrower, Borrower s partners and others with interests in Borrower, and of the Properties, or to a sale in inverse order of alienation in the event of foreclosure of all or any of the Mortgages, and agrees not to assert any right under any laws pertaining to the marshalling of assets, the sale in inverse order of alienation, homestead exemption, the administration of estates of decedents, or any other matters whatsoever to defeat, reduce or affect the right of Lender under the Loan Documents to a sale of the Properties for the collection of the Debt without any prior or different resort for collection or of the right of Lender to the payment of the Debt out of the net proceeds of the Properties in preference to every other claimant whatsoever.  In addition, Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives in the event of foreclosure of any or all of the Mortgages, any equitable right otherwise available to Borrower which would require the separate sale of the Properties or require Lender to exhaust its remedies against any Property or any combination of the Properties before proceeding against any other Property or combination of Properties; and further in the event of such foreclosure Borrower does hereby expressly consents to and authorizes, at the option of Lender, the foreclosure and sale either separately or together of any combination of the Properties.  
               Section 9.19   Conflict; Construction of Documents; Reliance  .  In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.  The parties hereto acknowledge that they were represented by competent counsel in connection with the negotiation, drafting and execution of the Loan Documents and that such Loan Documents shall not be subject to the principle of construing their meaning against the party which drafted same.  Borrower acknowledges that, with respect to the Loan, Borrower shall rely solely on its own judgment and advisors in entering into the Loan without relying in any manner on any statements, representations or recommendations of Lender or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of Lender.  Lender shall not be   
 - 143 - 

subject to any limitation whatsoever in the exercise of any rights or remedies available to it under any of the Loan Documents or any other agreements or instruments which govern the Loan by virtue of the ownership by it or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of Lender of any equity interest any of them may acquire in Borrower, and Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the right to raise any defense or take any action on the basis of the foregoing with respect to Lender s exercise of any such rights or remedies.  Borrower acknowledges that Lender engages in the business of real estate financings and other real estate transactions and investments which may be viewed as adverse to or competitive with the business of Borrower or its Affiliates.  
             Section 9.20   Brokers and Financial Advisors  .  Borrower hereby represents that it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind (including Lender s attorneys  fees and expenses) in any way relating to or arising from a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.  The provisions of this   Section 9.20   shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Debt.  
             Section 9.21   Prior Agreements  .  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and all prior agreements among or between such parties, whether oral or written, between Borrower and Lender are superseded by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  
             Section 9.22   Document Delivery  .      Borrower will deliver to Lender all documents required to be delivered under this Agreement in an electronic format reasonably agreed by Lender and Borrower.  
             Section 9.23   Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  Copies of originals, including copies delivered by facsimile, pdf or other electronic means shall have the same import and effect as original counterparts and shall be valid, enforceable and binding for purposes of this Agreement.  
             Section 9.24   State Specific Provisions  .    
             9.24.1   Arizona  .  The following Arizona provisions are not intended to, and do not, limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and are set forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Arizona law is held to govern any Mortgage encumbering a Property located in Arizona or any other Loan Document:  
   (a)   Each Loan Party hereby expressly waives, to the extent permitted by law, any and all defenses and discharges available to a surety, guarantor or accommodation co-obligor,   
 - 144 - 

including, without limitation, the benefits of Arizona Revised Statutes Sections 12-1641 through 12-1646 and Rule 17(f) of the Arizona Rules of Civil Procedure, and, to the extent permitted by law, the benefits, if any, of Arizona Revised Statutes Section 33-814, in each case as amended, and any successor statutes or rules, or any similar statute.  
 (b)   Anything to the contrary herein or elsewhere notwithstanding, the Equity Owner Guaranty and the Sponsor Guaranty and all obligations arising under any of them are not and shall not be secured in any manner whatsoever, including by any Mortgage or by any lien encumbering any Property;   provided  ,     however  , that any environmental indemnity provisions set forth in this Agreement or any Environmental Indemnity shall be so secured, except as to the obligations of Sponsor and the Equity Owner and subject to the rights of Lender to proceed on an unsecured basis thereunder pursuant to applicable law.  
             9.24.2   California  .  The following California provisions do not limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and are forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, California law is held to govern this Agreement, any Mortgage Document encumbering a Property located in California or any other Loan Document:  
 (a)   Waiver of Offset  .  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no portion of any of the Obligations shall be or be deemed to be offset or compensated by all or any part of any claim, cause of action, counterclaim, or cross-claim, whether liquidated or unliquidated, that Borrower may have or claim to have against any other Relevant Party.  Borrower hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the benefits of California Code of Civil Procedure Section 431.70.  
 (b)   Insurance Notice  .    Lender hereby notifies Borrower of the provisions of Section 2955.5(a) of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows:  
  No lender shall require a borrower, as a condition of receiving or maintaining a loan secured by real property, to provide hazard insurance coverage against risks to the improvements on that real property in an amount exceeding the replacement value of the improvements on the property.  
 This disclosure is being made by Lender to Borrower pursuant to Section 2955.5(b) of the California Civil Code.  Borrower hereby acknowledges receipt of this disclosure and acknowledges that this disclosure has been made by Agent before execution of the Note. 
 (c)   Access to Properties  .  Lender s rights under   Section 4.1.5   of this Agreement shall be deemed to include, without limitation, its rights under California Civil Code Section 2929.5, as such provisions may be amended from time to time.  
 (d)   Anything to the contrary herein or elsewhere notwithstanding, in no event shall Borrower have any liability or other obligation under or with respect to the Sponsor Guaranty, the Equity Owner Guaranty or the Borrower TRS Guaranty, and such guaranties shall not be deemed to be secured by any Mortgage encumbering any Property in California.  
 - 145 - 

9.24.3    Colorado  .  The following Colorado provisions are not intended to, and do not, limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement or as set forth in the other Loan Documents, except that Colorado law shall govern any Mortgage encumbering a Property located in Colorado and the process for default and foreclosure thereof.  
 (a)   No agreements, conditions, provisions or stipulations contained in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents, or any Event of Default, or any exercise by Lender of the right to accelerate the payment of the maturity of principal and interest, any fees, or other amount due hereunder, or to exercise any option whatsoever, contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or the arising of any contingency whatsoever, shall entitle Lender to collect, in any event, interest exceeding the maximum authorized by C.R.S.   5-12-101   et seq.  , and in no event shall Borrower be obligated to pay interest exceeding such rate, including on any judgment amount, and all agreements, conditions or stipulations, if any, which may in any event or contingency whatsoever operate to bind, obligate or compel Borrower to pay a rate of interest exceeding the maximum allowed by law, shall be without binding force or effect, at law or in equity, to the extent only of the excess of interest over such maximum interest allowed by law.  
 (b)   Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents to the contrary Borrower shall not have any liability or other obligation under or with respect to the Sponsor Guaranty or the Equity Owner Guaranty, and such guaranties shall not be deemed to be secured by any Deed of Trust encumbering any Property in Colorado.  
             9.24.4   Florida  .  The following Florida provision does not limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and is set forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Florida law is held to govern this Agreement, any Mortgage Document encumbering a Property located in Florida or any other Loan Document:  
 (a)   The parties acknowledge and agree that the Default Rate provided for herein shall also be the rate of interest payable on any judgments entered in favor of Lender in connection with the loan evidenced hereby.  
             9.24.5   Georgia  .  The following Georgia provisions are not intended to, and do not, limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and are set forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Georgia law is held to govern any Mortgage encumbering a Property located in Georgia or any other Loan Document:  
   (a)   Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in any instance where Borrower or any other Relevant Party is required to reimburse Lender for any legal fees or expenses incurred by Lender or Servicer, (i)  reasonable attorneys  fees,   reasonable counsel s fees,   attorneys  fees  and other words of similar import, are not, and shall not be statutory attorneys  fees under O.C.G.A.   13-1-11, (ii) if, under any circumstances a Relevant Party is required to pay any or all of Lender s or Servicer s attorneys  fees and expenses, howsoever described or referenced, such Relevant Party shall be responsible   
 - 146 - 

only for reasonable legal fees and out   of   pocket expenses actually incurred by Lender or Servicer at customary hourly rates actually charged to Lender or Servicer for the work done, and (iii) no Relevant Party shall be liable under any circumstances for additional attorneys  fees or expenses, howsoever described or referenced, under O.C.G.A.   13-1-11.  
             9.24.6   Nevada  .  The following Nevada provisions are not intended to, and do not, limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and are set forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Nevada law is held to govern any Mortgage encumbering a Property located in Nevada or any other Loan Document:  
 (a)   Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no portion of any of the Obligations shall be or be deemed to be offset or compensated by all or any part of any claim, cause of action, counterclaim, or cross-claim, whether liquidated or unliquidated, that Borrower may have or claim to have against any other Loan Party.  
 (b)   Borrower hereby expressly (i) waives, to the extent permitted by law, any right it may have to prepay any Loan in whole or in part, without penalty, upon acceleration of the Maturity Date; and (ii) agrees that if a prepayment of any or all of any Loan is made, Borrower shall be obligated to pay, concurrently therewith, any fees applicable thereto.  By initialing this provision in the space provided below, the Loan Parties hereby declare that the Lenders  agreement to make the subject Loan at the Interest Rate and for the term set forth herein constitutes adequate consideration, given individual weight by the undersigned, for this waiver and agreement.  
 BORROWER S INITIALS AS TO  CLAUSE (b)  ABOVE:  ___________ 
 (c)   To the extent applicable, nothing herein or in Section 40.509 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (   NRS   ) shall be deemed to limit the right of Lender to recover, in accordance with NRS 40.508 (as such section may be amended from time to time), any costs, expenses, liabilities or damages, including attorneys  fees and costs, incurred by the Lender and arising from the breach of any covenant, obligation, liability, representation or warranty contained in any environmental indemnity agreement given to the Lender in connection with the Loans, or any order, consent decree or settlement relating to the cleanup of hazardous substances or any other  environmental provision  (as defined in NRS 40.502) relating to any Property or any portion thereof or the right of the Lender to waive, in accordance with NRS 40.512 (as such section may be amended from time to time), the security of any Mortgage as to any Property that is  environmentally impaired  (as such term is defined in NRS 40.503), and as to any personal property attached to such parcel, and thereafter to exercise against Borrower, to the extent permitted by NRS 40.512, the rights and remedies of any unsecured creditor, including reduction of any of the Lender s claims against Borrower to judgment, and any other rights and remedies permitted by law.  Lender and Borrower expressly agree that Lender may recover interest at the Default Rate on the amount advanced to cure or mitigate the breach under any  environmental provision  (as defined in NRS 40.502).  
 - 147 - 

9.24.7    North Carolina  .  The following North Carolina provisions are not intended to, and do not, limit the express choice of New York law set forth in   Section 9.3   of this Agreement and as set forth in the other Loan Documents, and are set forth herein, if and to the extent that, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, North Carolina law is held to govern any Mortgage encumbering a Property located in North Carolina or any other Loan Document:  
 (a)   Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in any instance where Borrower or any other Relevant Party is required to reimburse Lender for any legal fees or expenses incurred by Lender or Servicer, (i)  reasonable attorneys  fees,   reasonable counsel s fees,   attorneys  fees  and other words of similar import, are not, and shall not be statutory attorneys  fees under NCGS   6-21.2, (ii) if, under any circumstances a Relevant Party is required to pay any or all of Lender s or Servicer s attorneys  fees and expenses, howsoever described or referenced, such Relevant Party shall be responsible only for reasonable legal fees and out of pocket expenses actually incurred by Lender or Servicer at customary hourly rates actually charged to Lender or Servicer for the work done, and (iii) no Relevant Party shall be liable under any circumstances for additional attorneys  fees or expenses, howsoever described or referenced, under NCGS   6-21.2.  
 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

- 148 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized representatives, all as of the day and year first above written.  

BORROWER :   

CSH 2016-2 BORROWER, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company   

By:  

Name:  
 
 Arik Prawer  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President  

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LOAN AGREEMENT] 

LENDER  :   

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a banking association chartered under the laws of the United States of America   

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LOAN AGREEMENT] 

SCHEDULE I  
 ALLOCATED LOAN AMOUNTS 
 (Attached) 

Schedule I - 1 

SCHEDULE II.A  
 CLOSING DATE PROPERTIES SCHEDULE 
 (Attached) 

Schedule II.A - 1 

SCHEDULE II.B  
 FORM OF MONTHLY PROPERTIES SCHEDULE 
 (Attached) 

Schedule II.B - 1 

SCHEDULE II.C  
 FORM OF QUARTERLY INVESTOR ROLLUP REPORT 
 (Attached) 

Schedule II.C - 1 

SCHEDULE III  
 EXCEPTIONS TO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 No. 

Schedule III - 1 

SCHEDULE IV  
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE, PRIOR NAMES  AND EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 

Schedule IV - 1 

SCHEDULE V  
 PERIODIC RATING AGENCY INFORMATION 
 All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement to which this  Schedule V    is attached. 
 (a)   Annual Audited Financial Statements of Sponsor .  Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, audited copies, of a balance sheet, statements of operations and retained earnings, and statement of cash flows of Sponsor, in each case as of the end of such calendar year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the immediately preceding calendar year (if any), all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP and the inclusion of footnotes to the extent required by GAAP, such audited financial statements to be accompanied by a report, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of an Independent Accountant selected by Sponsor (which opinion on such consolidated information shall be without any qualification as to the scope of such audit). 
 (b)   Quarterly Property Information .  Within sixty (60) days after the end of the first three calendar quarters and within ninety (90) days of the fourth calendar quarter of each year commencing with the calendar quarter ended March 31, 2017, the following information for the Properties, in each case, (x) for each metropolitan statistical area (  MSA  ) where four or more Properties are located and (y) in the aggregate for all Properties.  All such information shall be presented in Excel format and shall be determined as of the last day of the applicable calendar quarter or for the calendar quarter then ended, as applicable. 1      

(1)   
 
  A report containing :    

(i)   
 
 Reporting date;    

(ii)   
 
 Deal name;    

(iii)   
 
 MSA;    

(iv)   
 
 GPR (as defined in the Loan Agreement, except that Borrower may determine market Rents for vacant properties and Rents will be determined for a quarterly period (not annualized));    

(v)   
 
 Other Receipts;    

(vi)   
 
 Gross Revenue (as defined below);    

(vii)   
 
 Actual Delinquent Amount (as defined below);    

(viii)   
 
 Concessions   concessions of free Rent;    

(ix)   
 
 Actual Vacancy Amount (as defined below);    

(x)   
 
 Actual Net Revenue (as defined below);    

(xi)   
 
 Controllable Operating Expenses (as defined below), showing separately:    

o   
 
  Property maintenance and repairs expenses;     

o   
 
  Property leasing   marketing expenses;     

o   
 
  Property turnover expenses;     

1     
 
 With respect to items (b)(1)(v)-(viii), (xi) and (xii) and (b)(2)(iv), the calculations shall be determined on a basis consistent with GAAP.     

 Schedule V - 1 

o   
 
        Property G A expenses;     

o   
 
  Controllable Operating Expenses (in the aggregate); and     

(xii)   
 
 Non-Controllable Operating Expenses (as defined below), showing separately:    

o   
 
  actual property management fees;     

o   
 
  Property Taxes;     

o   
 
  HOA Fees;     

o   
 
  insurance premiums;     

o   
 
  Non-Controllable Operating Expenses (in the aggregate)     

o   
 
  Actual Net Operating Income (as defined below) (before Underwritten Capital Expenditure Reserve);     

o   
 
  Underwritten Capital Expenditure Reserve; and     

o   
 
  Actual Net Operating Income.     

(2)   
 
  A report containing :    

(i)   
 
 Reporting date;    

(ii)   
 
 Deal name;    

(iii)   
 
 MSA;    

(iv)   
 
 Capital Expenditures    

 For purposes of  clauses (b)  and  (e)  hereof, the following terms shall have the corresponding meanings: 
   Actual Delinquent Amount   means, for the applicable calendar quarter, Borrower s bad debt expense included in such calendar quarter s GAAP financial statements. 
   Actual   Net Operating Income   means, for the applicable calendar quarter, the excess of:  (i) the sum of (x) the lesser of (A) GPR less (I) Actual Delinquent Amount, (II) Actual Vacancy Amount and (III) Concessions   concessions of free Rent, and (B) GAAP rental revenue (after the impact of any Concessions or concessions of free rent and deducting the Actual Delinquent Amount for such period) included in the applicable calendar quarter s GAAP financial statements, and (y) Other Receipts; less (ii) the sum of (x) Operating Expenses and (y) Underwritten Capital Expenditures. 
   Actual   Net Revenue   means, for the applicable calendar quarter, for the applicable Properties, the sum of (i) GPR less (A) Actual Delinquent Amount, (B) Actual Vacancy Amount and (C) Concessions   concessions of free Rent and (ii) Other Receipts. 
   Actual   Vacancy Amount   means, for the applicable calendar quarter, an amount equal to the product of (a) a fraction (expressed as a percentage) having a numerator equal to the number of days for which Properties were vacant during the course of the applicable calendar quarter and a denominator equal to 365 and (b) the then-current annualized market rents for Properties that are vacant as of such period, as determined by Borrower. 
     Aged Receivables Balance   means, for the applicable calendar month, the rent-specific accounts receivable balance outstanding as of the last day of the applicable calendar month, in  
 Schedule V - 2 

each case outlined according to the following categorizations:  (i) prepaid rent, (ii) balance sixty-one to ninety (61-90) days past due, (iii) balance more than ninety (90) days past due, and (iv) balance more than sixty (60) days past due (which shall be calculated as (x) the sum of the amounts reported in items (ii) and (iii) less (y) any amounts reported in item (i)).  
   Controllable Operating Expense   means, all expenses that constitute Operating Expense, provided Controllable Operating Expense shall not include any of the expenses included in the calculation of Non-Controllable Operating Expense. 
   Gross Revenue   means, for the applicable period, total revenues, determined in accordance with GAAP, before the impact of any Concessions or concessions of free rent or deducting the Actual Delinquent Amount for such period. 
   Non-Controllable Operating Expense   means, all items of Operating Expense, described in  clause (b)(1)(xii)  of this  Schedule V . 
 (c)   Quarterly Portfolio Comparison Information .  Within sixty (60) days after the end of the first three calendar quarters and within ninety (90) days of the fourth calendar quarter of each year commencing with the first full calendar quarter ending after the Closing Date, a comparison between (x) the Properties and (y) the residential home properties of Sponsor (each presented in the aggregate as further described below).  All such information shall be presented in Excel format and shall be determined as of the last day of the applicable calendar quarter or for the calendar quarter then ended, as applicable. 

(i)   
 
 Number of residential home properties owned;    

(ii)   
 
 Current Property Value (or, in the case of assets that are not a Property, such home price valuation as the Sponsor utilizes for its internal reporting, to the extent available) and cost basis of assets;    

(iii)   
 
 Average age of assets;    

(iv)   
 
 Current average monthly rent;    

(v)   
 
 Average renewal rate percentage during the period being measured; and    

(vi)   
 
 Number of assets sold during the period being measured.    

 All such information shall be provided, in the case of the Properties, (x) in the aggregate for the top ten MSAs where the Properties are located compared against the residential home properties of Sponsor for such MSAs, (y) in the aggregate for all other MSAs where the Properties are located compared against the residential home properties of Sponsor for such MSAs and (z) in the aggregate for all Properties and, in the case of the residential home properties of Sponsor, in the aggregate with respect to the entire portfolio. 
 Schedule V - 3 

(d)    Quarterly Property Valuation Information  .  Within sixty (60) days following the end of the first three calendar quarters and within ninety (90) days of the fourth calendar quarter of each year commencing with the calendar quarter ended March 31, 2017, a schedule of the Properties remaining subject to the Lien of the Collateral Documents as at the end of such calendar quarter, the following information for each Property.  All such information shall be presented in Excel format and shall be determined as of the last day of the applicable calendar quarter or for the calendar quarter then ended, as applicable.  

(i)   
 
 Reporting date;    

(ii)   
 
 Deal name;    

(iii)   
 
 Property ID 2     ;    

(iv)   
 
 Manager;    

(v)   
 
 Third Party Property Manager, if any;    

(vi)   
 
 Property address;    

(vii)   
 
 City;    

(viii)   
 
 Zip code;    

(ix)   
 
 MSA;    

(x)   
 
 County;    

(xi)   
 
 State;    

(xii)   
 
 Current Property Value (as defined below);    

(xiii)   
 
 Current valuation type;    

(xiv)   
 
 Current valuation index name;    

(xv)   
 
 Current valuation provider;    

(xvi)   
 
 Current valuation date;    

(xvii)   
 
 Previous Property Value (as defined below);    

(xviii)   
 
 Previous valuation type;    

(xix)   
 
 Previous valuation index name;    

(xx)   
 
 Previous valuation provider; and    

(xxi)   
 
 Previous valuation date.    

   Current Property Value   means, with respect to each Property, the valuation of such Property determined (i) for the calendar quarter ended March 31, 2017, as the BPO Value for such Property shown on  Schedule I  to the Loan Agreement and (ii) for each subsequent calendar quarter, such Property s Previous Property Value as increased or decreased, by the percentage change in the CoreLogic HPI (or such other home price valuation index as the Sponsor utilizes for its internal reporting) applicable to the  Closest MSA  for such Property as provided in  Schedule I  to the Loan Agreement. 
   Previous Property Value   means, with respect to each Property, the Current Property Value for such Property for the previous calendar quarter (if applicable). 
   (e)   Monthly Property Information .  Within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of each calendar month, commencing with the first full calendar month after the Closing Date, the following information for each Property with respect to such completed calendar month.  All such information shall be presented in Excel format and shall be determined as of the  

2    
 
  Use Property ID as of Cut-off Date.    

 Schedule V - 4 

last day of the applicable calendar month.  The fields below are consistent with those provided in   Schedule II   to the Loan Agreement and, accordingly, this requirement may also be satisfied with the delivery of the Property Schedule described in   Section 4.3.7   of the Loan Agreement;   provided  , that if any of the below fields are not covered in   Schedule II   to the Loan Agreement with respect to any calendar month, Borrower will provide such fields pursuant to this   paragraph (e)  .  3      

(i)   
 
 Reporting date;    

(ii)   
 
 Deal name;    

(iii)   
 
 Property ID 4     ;    

(iv)   
 
 Manager;    

(v)   
 
 Third Party Property Manager    

(vi)   
 
 Property Address;    

(vii)   
 
 City;    

(viii)   
 
 Zip Code;    

(ix)   
 
 MSA;    

(x)   
 
 County;    

(xi)   
 
 State;    

(xii)   
 
 Contractual rent;    

(xiii)   
 
 Aged Receivables Balance (as defined above);    

(xiv)   
 
 Current occupancy status (Occupied or Vacant);    

(xv)   
 
 Previous occupancy status (Occupied or Vacant);    

(xvi)   
 
 Number of days vacant in the applicable calendar month;    

(xvii)   
 
 Numbers of days occupied (calculated as the total number of days in the applicable calendar month  less  the number of days reported in  clause (e)(xvi)  above)    

(xviii)   
 
 Previous lease end date;    

(xix)   
 
 Lease start date;    

(xx)   
 
 Lease end date;    

(xxi)   
 
 Renewal/new lease (Renewal or New);    

(xxii)   
 
 Month-to-Month (Yes or No);    

(xxiii)   
 
 Previous lease Month-to-Month (Yes or No);    

(xxiv)   
 
 Tenant deemed delinquent (Yes or No);    

(xxv)   
 
 Subject to an HOA   Yes or No;    

(xxvi)   
 
 HOA Contact Information (Name);    

(xxvii)   
 
 HOA Payment Frequency (Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, or Annually);    

(xxviii)   
 
 Next HOA Payment Date;    

(xxix)   
 
 HOA pay status deemed delinquent (Yes or No);    

(xxx)   
 
 Scheduled Expiration in Period (Yes or No);    

(xxxi)   
 
 Renewal Rate (excluding Month-to-Month  renewals     

3     
 
  Borrower shall designate all Monthly Property Information as confidential, proprietary and non-public upon delivery to any Rating Agencies and shall indicate that such information should be treated as subject to the confidentiality policies of such Rating Agencies, as applicable, applicable to material, non-public information and the engagement letter agreements entered into by the Rating Agencies with respect to the Securitization.    

4    
 
  Use Property ID as Cut-Off Date.    

 Schedule V - 5 

(xxxii)   
 
        Tenant move-out date;     

(xxxiii)   
 
 Gross potential rent (Annual; for all Properties);    

(xxxiv)   
 
 Month-to-Month monthly fee due; and    

(xxxv)   
 
 Dollar amount of security deposit.    

 (f)   Monthly Property Sale Information .  Within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of each calendar month, commencing with the first full calendar month after the Closing Date, a list of all Properties sold by Borrower and released from the Lien of the Collateral Documents in such completed calendar month (including Disqualified Properties), the sales price for each such Property, the sale date for each such Property, and the Release Amount for each such Property, and for disqualified properties, the reason for disqualification.  The foregoing items are consistent with those provided in  Schedule II  to the Loan Agreement and, accordingly, this requirement may also be satisfied with the delivery of the Property Schedule described in  Section 4.3.7  of the Loan Agreement;  provided , that if any of the foregoing items are not covered in  Schedule II  to the Loan Agreement with respect to any calendar month, Borrower will provide such items pursuant to this  paragraph (f) . 
 (g)   Substitute Property Information .  For each Substitute Property, provide the following information with respect to such Substitute Property on or about the date of substitution.  All such information shall be determined as of the date of the applicable substitution and presented in Excel format. 

Cut-Off/Substitution Date  

Deal Name  

Property ID 5       

Property Manager  

Third Party Property Manager  

Property Address  

City  

Zip Code  

MSA  

County  

State  

Acquisition Date  

Acquisition Type (MLS, Trustee, Short-Sale, REO-Sale, Mini-Bulk, Bulk, or Non-Trustee)  

Property Seller (if Acquisition Type is Mini-Bulk or Bulk)  

Purchase Price  

Hard Cost  

Mixed Cost  

Closing Cost  

Other Cost  

Total Cost (Post-Rehab)  

5    
 
  Use Property ID as of Acquisition Date.    

 Schedule V - 6 

Renovation Complete   Yes or No   

Renovation Completion Date  

Current Property Value  

Current Valuation Type (BPO (Exterior), BPO (Interior), Full Appraisal, Exterior Appraisal, AVM, Home Price Index, or Other)  

Current Valuation Index Name  

Current Valuation Provider  

Current Valuation Date  

Property Type  

Year Built  

Total Square Feet  

Number of Bedrooms  

Number of Bathrooms  

Pool (Yes or No)  

Current Occupancy Status (Occupied or Vacant)  

Number of Days Vacant  

Time to Rent (Months)  

Lease Start Date  

Lease End Date  

Month-to-Month  

Future Lease Start Date  

Previous Lease (Yes or No)  

Vacant   Previous Lease Start  

Vacant   Previous Lease End  

Original Length of Lease (Months)  

Security Deposit  

Section 8 (Yes or No)  

Actual Contractual Rent (Annual)  

Previous Actual Contractual Rent (Annual)  

Underwritten Rent (Monthly)  

Underwritten GPR (Annual)  

Underwritten Other Receipts (Annual)  

Underwritten Gross Revenue (Annual)  

Underwritten Bad Debt Amount (Annual)  

Underwritten Concessions   Concessions of Free Rent (Annual)  

Underwritten Vacancy (Annual)  

Underwritten Net Revenue (Annual)  

Underwritten Repairs   Maintenance (Annual)  

Underwritten Leasing   Marketing Expense (Annual)  

Underwritten Turnover Expense (Annual)  

Underwritten Pool Maintenance Expense (Annual)  

Underwritten Property Management Fees (Annual)  

Schedule V - 7 

Underwritten Property Taxes (Annual)   

Underwritten HOA Fees (Annual)  

Underwritten Insurance Expense (Annual)  

Underwritten Other Expense (Annual)  

Underwritten Net Operating Income (before Capital Expenditure) (Annual)  

Underwritten Capital Expenditure Reserve (Annual)  

Underwritten Net Operating Income (after Capital Expenditure Reserve) (Annual)  

Tenant Delinquent (Yes or No)  

Tenant Delinquency Stage (0-30 days, 31-60, 61-90 days, or 90+ days)  

Actual Delinquent Amount (Annual)  

Actual Concessions   Concessions of Free Rent (Annual)  

HOA (Yes or No)  

HOA Contact Information  

HOA Payment Frequency (Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, or Annually)  

Actual HOA Fees paid  

HOA fees  Delinquent amount  

Senior Liens (Yes or No)  

Title Insurance on Senior Liens (Yes or No)  

Substituted Property (Yes or No)  

(h)   Estimated Quarterly HOA Dues .  Within sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first full calendar quarter ending after the Closing Date, the following information for each HOA Property.  All such information shall be presented in Excel format and shall be determined as of the last day of the applicable calendar quarter. 

Property ID  

Manager  

Property Address  

City  

Zip Code  

MSA  

County  

State  

Property in an HOA (Yes/No)  

HOA Type  

HOA Name  

# of HOAs  

Payment Frequency  

Payment Start Date  

Schedule V - 8 

Most Recent HOA Payment Due Date   

Payment Month(s)  

1 st  Payment Month  

2 nd  Payment Month  

3 rd  Payment Month  

4 th  Payment Month  

Periodic Payment Amount  

Annual HOA Fees  

Total Estimated HOA Fees  

HOA Fees Due for such Calendar Quarter  

HOA Fees Paid for such Calendar Quarter  

Schedule V - 9 

SCHEDULE VI  
 MIDLAND LOAN SERVICES CSH 2016-2 CMBS ASSET MANAGEMENT FEES 
 Transfer/Assumption fee: 
 Permitted Transfers:  $25,000 
 Non-permitted Transfers:  one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal balance.  A $5,000 non-refundable application fee will be collected at the time of receiving the assumption package. 
 Secondary Financing:  $50,000 

Property Inspections:   
 
 Not less frequently than once each calendar year commencing in 2018, so long as a Special Servicing Loan Event is not then continuing, the Servicer shall cause to be inspected vacant Properties (based on the information provided by the Borrower) with respect to ten percent (10%) of the Properties owned by the Borrower as of the first day of the related calendar year, and to the extent feasible will select MSAs in which to conduct such inspections on a pro rata basis, provided, however, if a Property otherwise required to be inspected is occupied at the time of inspection, such inspection shall be restricted to an observation of the exterior condition of the Property and a street photo of the Property (each, an   Inspection Sample  ).  The Servicer or the Special Servicer, as applicable, shall further inspect, or cause to be inspected, any Property whenever it receives information that such Property has been materially damaged, left vacant, or abandoned, or if waste is being committed thereto.  All such inspections shall be performed in such manner as shall be consistent with Accepted Servicing Practices.  The cost of the annual inspections referred to in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be an expense of the Servicer; the cost of all additional inspections referred to in this paragraph shall be a Trust Fund Expense and if paid by the Servicer shall constitute a Servicing Advance or an Administrative Advance.    

 Collateral Release (provided in the loan documents):  $250 per released property (or $250 per mortgage at maturity or prepayment in full) 
 Collateral Substitution (provided in the loan documents):  $500 per substitution property 
 Property Management/Facility Operator Change:  $5,000 
 Loan Extension provided for in the loan documents:  $10,000 per request 
 Capital Expenditure Reserve Release:  $250 per each request. 

Schedule VI - 1 

Credit Report/Lexis Nexis:   
 
 $100-Individual  

$150-Corporate  

Architectural and/or Engineering Reports:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Environmental Site Assessments:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Appraisal Reports:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Property Inspection Reports:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Travel Costs:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Legal Fees:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Title and Recording Charges:  
 
 Actual Out-of-Pocket Expenses Incurred  

Schedule VI - 2 

SCHEDULE VII  
 SPECIFIED LIENS 
 The following Spcified Liens affect not more than 474 Properties located with Broward, Charlotte, Hillborough, Miami-Dade and Pinellas Counties, Florida, which may be subject to cross-liens: 
 Instrument No. 113215979, recorded in Broward County, Florida Instrument No. 113267079, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113307816, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113364516, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113492923, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113642873, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113810839, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113911966, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113920489, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113935202, recorded in Broward County, Florida  Instrument No. 113851174, recorded in Broward County, Florida Book 4034, Page 850, recorded in Charlotte County, Florida Book 24429, Page 1077, recorded in Hillsborough County, Florida Book 29732, Page 4136, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 29995, Page 2439, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 30061, Page 2155, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 30170, Page 1331, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 29961, Page 1658, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 30215, Page 1347, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 29880, Page 2591, recorded in Miami-Dade County, Florida Book 18989, Page 2417, recorded in Pinellas County, Florida Book 19062, Page 775, recorded in Pinellas County, Florida  
   
 Schedule VII - 1 

SCHEDULE VIII  
 COLORADO AND NEVADA HOA SCHEDULE 
 (Attached) 

Schedule VIII - 1 

SCHEDULE IX  
 APPLICABLE HOA PROPERTIES 
 (Attached) 

Schedule IX - 1 

SCHEDULE X  
 VACANT PROPERTIES 
 (Attached) 
   
 Schedule X - 1 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 sfr-ex311_12.htm
 EX-31.1

sfr-ex311_12.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Fred Tuomi, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Colony Starwood Homes for the three months ended September 30, 2016;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c  .   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d  .   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ FRED TUOMI  

Fred Tuomi  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 sfr-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

sfr-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Arik Prawer, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Colony Starwood Homes for the three months ended September 30, 2016;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c  .   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d  .   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ ARIK PRAWER  

Arik Prawer  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 sfr-ex321_13.htm
 EX-32.1

sfr-ex321_13.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with Colony Starwood Home s (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Fred Tuomi, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ FRED TUOMI  

Fred Tuomi  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 sfr-ex322_11.htm
 EX-32.2

sfr-ex322_11.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with Colony Starwood Home s (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Arik Prawer, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ ARIK PRAWER  

Arik Prawer  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 sfr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sfr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sfr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sfr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sfr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sfr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

