<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_920371_0000920371-16-000291_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5801572</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98001</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>310782</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2014011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2370675</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>882717</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000920371-16-000291.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107173352
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000920371-16-000291
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920371
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				943196943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13429
		FILM NUMBER:		161979339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5956 W LAS POSITAS BLVD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9255609000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5956 W LAS POSITAS BLVD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000920371-16-000291.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 ssd0930201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended:    September 30, 2016    
    
  OR    

For the transition period from                           to                            
    
  Commission file number:    1-13429 
    
  Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
                   Delaware 
      
    94-3196943 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

5956 W. Las Positas Blvd., Pleasanton, CA 94588 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code):    (925) 560-9000 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
    o 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No     
    
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  :     47,546,822    

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, based on numerous assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control), such as statements below regarding future plans, sales, sales trends, product price changes, revenues, profits, costs, expenses, cost savings, factory utilization rates, results of operations, tax liabilities, losses, capital spending, prices or inflation (including raw material (such as steel) prices), profit margins, effective tax rates, depreciation or amortization expenses, amortization periods, stock repurchases, dividends or awards of stock-based compensation, record dates, values of stock repurchases, dividends or stock-based compensation, unrecognized costs with respect to unvested stock-based compensation, repatriation of funds, effects of changes in accounting standards, effects of acquisitions, and effects of changes in foreign exchange rates or interest rates.  Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   predict,   project,   will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  "could potentially," and similar expressions.  Forward-looking statements are necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the forward-looking statements we furnish will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not and cannot give any assurance that our beliefs and expectations will prove to be correct, and our actual results might differ materially from results suggested by any forward-looking statement in this document.  Many factors could significantly affect our operations and cause our actual results to differ substantially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Those factors include, but are not limited to: (i) general business cycles and construction business conditions; (ii) customer acceptance of the Company's products; (iii) product liability claims, contractual liability, engineering and design liability and similar liabilities or claims, (iv) relationships with key customers; (v) materials and manufacturing costs; (vi) the financial condition of customers, competitors and suppliers; (vii) technological developments including software development; (viii) increased competition; (ix) changes in industry practices or regulations; (x) litigation risks, (xi) changes in capital and credit market conditions; (xii) governmental and business conditions in countries where the Company's products are manufactured and sold; (xiii) changes in trade regulations; (xiv) the effect of acquisition activity; (xv) changes in the Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations or intentions; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Item 1A - Risk Factors."  See below  Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors.   Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the receipt of new information, the occurrence of future events or otherwise. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely on our forward-looking statements in making an investment decision about our securities.  We further do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by analysts, investors or other third parties. 
    
  Each of the terms the  Company,   we,   our,  "us" and similar terms used herein refer collectively to Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc., unless otherwise stated. 
    
   Strong-Tie  and our other trademarks appearing in this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
    
  Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  3 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (In thousands except per-share amounts, unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  4 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  5 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity 
  For the   Nine Months Ended     September 30,     2015   and   2016  , and December 31,   2015 
  (In thousands except per-share amounts, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  6 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands, unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  7 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

1.    Basis of Presentation 
    
     Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ). There were no investments in affiliates that would render such affiliates to be considered variable interest entities. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Interim Period Reporting 
    
  The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations for reporting on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, certain information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted. These interim statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the financial information set forth therein, in accordance with GAAP. The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data provided herein were derived from audited financial statements, but do not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The Company s quarterly results fluctuate. As a result, the Company believes the results of operations for this interim period presented are not indicative of the results to be expected for any future periods. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  The Company recognizes revenue when the earnings process is complete, net of applicable provision for discounts, returns and incentives, whether actual or estimated, based on the Company s experience. This generally occurs when products are shipped to the customer in accordance with the sales agreement or purchase order, ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer, collectability is reasonably assured and pricing is fixed or determinable. The Company s general shipping terms are F.O.B. shipping point, and title is transferred and revenue is recognized when the products are shipped to customers. When the Company sells F.O.B. destination point, title is transferred and the Company recognizes revenue on delivery or customer acceptance, depending on terms of the sales agreement. Service sales, representing after-market repair and maintenance, engineering activities and software license sales and services, though significantly less than   0.1%   net sales and not material to the condensed consolidated financial statements, are recognized as the services are completed or the software products and services are delivered. If actual costs of sales returns, incentives and discounts were to significantly exceed the recorded estimated allowance, the Company s sales would be adversely affected. 
    
  Net Earnings Per Common Share 
    
  Basic earnings per common share are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Potentially dilutive securities, using the treasury stock method, are included in the diluted per-share calculations for all periods when the effect of their inclusion is dilutive. 

8 

The following is a reconciliation of basic earnings per common share to diluted earnings per share for the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  With the approval of the Company s stockholders on April 26, 2011, the Company adopted the Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan (the  Original 2011 Plan ). With the approval of the Company's stockholders on April 21, 2015, the Company adopted the amended and restated Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan (the "2011 Plan"), which amended and restated in its entirety, and incorporated and superseded, the Original 2011 Plan. The Original 2011 Plan amended and restated in their entirety, and incorporated and superseded, the 1994 Stock Option Plan (the  1994 Plan ), which was principally for the Company s employees, and 1995 Independent Director Stock Option Plan (the  1995 Plan ), which was for its independent directors. Awards previously granted under the 1994 Plan or the 1995 Plan were not affected by the adoption of the Original 2011 Plan or the 2011 Plan and will continue to be governed by the 1994 Plan or the 1995 Plan, respectively. 
    
  Under the 1994 Plan and 1995 Plan, the Company could grant incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, although the Company only granted non-qualified stock options under both plans. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no unvested stock options outstanding under the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan. 
    
  Under the 2011 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, although the Company currently intends to award primarily restricted stock units and to a lesser extent, if at all, non-qualified stock options. Under the 2011 Plan, no more than   16.3 million   shares of the Company s common stock may be issued (including shares already issued) pursuant to all awards under the 2011 Plan, including on exercise of options previously granted under the 1994 Plan and the 1995 Plan.  
    
  Shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the 1994 Plan, the 1995 Plan and the 2011 Plan are registered under the Securities Act, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 

9 

The following table represents the Company s stock option and restricted stock unit activity for the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

The Company allocates stock-based compensation expenses among cost of sales, research and development and other engineering expense, selling expense, or general and administrative expense based on the job functions performed by the employees to whom the stock-based compensation is awarded. 
    
  The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock-based compensation are evaluated and revised, as necessary, to reflect market conditions and the Company s experience. 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; and Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset s or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
    
  The Company s investments consisted of only United States Treasury securities and money market funds, which are the Company s primary financial instruments, maintained in cash equivalents and carried at cost, approximating fair value, based on Level 1 inputs. The balances of the Company s primary financial instruments at the dates indicated were as follows: 

The carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.  

10 

Income Taxes 
    
  The Company uses an estimated annual effective tax rate to measure the tax benefit or tax expense recognized in each interim period. The effective tax rate was lower in the   third   quarter and first   nine   months of   2016   than in the   third   quarter and first   nine    
  months of   2015  , primarily due to lower quarter-to-date and year-to-date operating losses, mostly occurring in the Asia/Pacific segment, for which no tax benefit was recorded. The following table presents the Company s effective tax rates and income tax expense for the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Acquisitions 
    
  Under the business combinations topic of the FASB ASC, the Company accounts for acquisitions as business combinations and ascribes acquisition-date fair values to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Provisional fair value measurements are made at the time of the acquisitions. Adjustments to those measurements may be made in subsequent periods, up to   one   year from the acquisition date, as information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained. Fair value of intangible assets are generally based on Level 3 inputs.  
    
  In December 2015, the Company purchased all of the business assets, including intellectual property rights, from Blue Heron Enterprises, LLC, and Fox Chase Enterprises, LLC, both New Jersey limited liability companies (collectively, "EBTY"), for   $3.4 million   in cash. EBTY manufactured and sold hidden deck clips and products and systems using a patented design. The Company believes that EBTY's patented design for hidden deck clips and products and systems complements the Company's hidden clips and fastener systems. The Company's provisional measurement of assets acquired included goodwill of   $2.0 million   which was assigned to the Company's North American segment, and intangible assets of   $1.1 million  , both of which are subject to tax-deductible amortization. Net assets consisting of inventory and equipment accounted for the balance of the purchase price. The estimated weighted-average amortization period for the intangible assets is   7   years.  
    
  In August 2016, the Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of Multi Services D coupe S.A. ("MSD"), for   $6.9 million  . MSD primarily manufactures and distributes wood construction, labeling, and wrapping products in Belgium and the Netherlands, including distributing the Company's products manufactured at the Company's production facility in France. With this acquisition, the Company could potentially offer the Belgium market a wider-range of its products, shorten delivery lead times, and expand the Company's sales presence into the Netherlands market. The Company's provisional measurement of assets acquired and liabilities assumed included cash and cash equivalents of   $1.5 million  , other current assets of   $2.1 million  , non-current assets of   $5.0 million  , current liabilities of   $0.7 million   and non-current deferred income tax liabilities of   $1.0 million  . Included in non-current assets was goodwill of   $1.9 million  , which was assigned to the Europe segment, and intangible assets of   $1.2 million  , both of which are not subject to tax-deductible amortization. The estimated weighted-average amortization period for the intangible assets is   7   years.  
    
  The results of operations of the businesses acquired in 2015 through 2016 are included in the Company s condensed consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition. They were not material to the Company on an individual or aggregate basis, and accordingly, pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
    
  Sales Office Closing 
    
  The Company substantially completed the liquidation of its Asia sales offices as of December 31, 2015, and does not expect to recognize significant additional costs in future periods related to this event.  
    
  Additional compensation expenses of   $0.2   million were incurred and paid during the   third   quarter of 2016. Estimated accrued closing costs, including additional compensation expense, retention bonuses and professional fees, were reduced by   $0.2   million during the third quarter of 2016. Estimated closing costs of   $0.1 million   were accrued and not paid as of September 30, 2016.  
  
   11 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards  
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740),   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes   ("ASU 2015-17"). The objective is to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes; the amendments require that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified consolidated balance sheets.  ASU 2015-17 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendment may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company elected to early-adopt ASU 2015-17 and applied the guidance prospectively with no change to prior period amounts disclosed in our consolidated balance sheets and related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Prospective adoption of ASU 2015-17, in the first quarter of 2016, resulted in the Company offsetting all of its deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as of January 1, 2016, by taxing jurisdiction and classifying those balances as noncurrent. The result was a   $4.1   million increase in "Other noncurrent assets," from   $6.7 million   to   $10.8 million  , and a   $12.1   million decrease in "Deferred income tax and other long-term liabilities," from   $16.5 million   to   $4.4 million  .  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11, (Topic 330),   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ). The objective is to reduce the complexity related to inventory subsequent measurement and disclosure requirements. ASU 2015-11 amendments do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or average cost. Inventory within the scope of the new guidance should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. The amendments more closely align with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-11 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2015-11 should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company elected to early-adopt ASU 2015-11 and applied the guidance prospectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , adoption of ASU 2015-11 has had no material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted    
    
  Other than the following, there have been no new developments to those recently issued accounting standards disclosed in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (Topic 718),   Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). The amendments simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, (Topic 842),   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ).     ASU 2016-02 core requirement is to recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases including those leases classified as operating leases. The amendments require a lessee to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The lessor accounting application is largely unchanged from that applied under the previous GAAP. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this Update is permitted for all entities. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ("ASU 2014-09"). ASU 2014-09 supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The amendments provide a revenue recognition five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 provides alternative  
  
   12 

methods of adoption of the guidance. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations, identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The standard is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  
    
  The Company is currently evaluating the effects of these new accounting standards described above on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures, and has not yet selected a transition approach. 

2.    Trade Accounts Receivable, Net 
    
  Trade accounts receivable at the dates indicated consisted of the following:  

3.    Inventories 
    
  Inventories at the dates indicated consisted of the following:  

4.    Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 
    
  Property, plant and equipment, net, at the dates indicated consisted of the following:  

13 

5.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net 
    
  Goodwill at the dates indicated was as follows:  

Amortizable and indefinite-lived intangible assets, net, at the dates indicated were as follows:  

Intangible assets consist of definite-lived and indefinite-lived assets. Definite-lived intangible assets include customer relationships, patents, unpatented technology and non-compete agreements.     Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , totaled   $1.5 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively, and during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , totaled   $4.6 million   and   $4.6 million  , respectively. During the second quarter of 2016, an approximately   $1.5 million   in-process research and development asset was transferred to definite-lived intangible assets from indefinite-lived intangible assets and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset's useful life. 
    
  Indefinite-lived intangible asset, consisting of a trade name, totaled   $0.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , and indefinite-lived assets, consisting of an in-process research and development asset and a trade name, totaled   $2.2 million   at   September 30,     2015  , and   $2.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 

14 

At   September 30, 2016  , estimated future amortization of definite-lived intangible assets was as follows:  

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , were as follows:  

6.    Debt 
    
  The Company has revolving lines of credit with various banks in the United States and Europe. Total available credit at   September 30, 2016  , was   $303.9 million   including revolving credit lines and an irrevocable standby letter of credit in support of various insurance deductibles. 
    
  The Company s primary credit facility is a revolving line of credit with   $300 million   in available credit. On July 25, 2016, the Company entered into a second amendment (the "Amendment") to the credit facility. For additional information about the Amendment, see the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2016. As amended, this credit facility expires on July 23, 2021. Amounts borrowed under this credit facility will bear interest at an annual rate equal to either, at the Company s option, (a) the rate for Eurocurrency deposits for the corresponding deposits of U.S. dollars appearing on Reuters LIBOR1screen page (the  LIBOR Rate ), adjusted for any reserve requirement in effect, plus a spread of   0.60%   to   1.45%  , determined quarterly based on the Company s leverage ratio (at   September 30, 2016  , the LIBOR Rate was   0.53%  ), or (b) a   base rate  , plus a spread of   0.00%   to   0.45%  , determined quarterly based on the Company s leverage ratio. The base rate is defined in a manner such that it will not be less than the   LIBOR   Rate. The Company will pay fees for standby letters of credit at an annual rate equal to the applicable spread described above, and will pay market-based fees for commercial letters of credit. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee of   0.15%   to   0.30%   of the available commitments under the credit facility, regardless of usage, with the applicable fee determined on a quarterly basis based on the Company s leverage ratio. The Company was also required to pay customary fees as specified in a separate fee agreement to the agent under the credit facility. 
    
  The Company s unused borrowing capacity under other revolving credit lines and a term note totaled   $3.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The other revolving credit lines and term note charge interest ranging from   0.50%   to   7.50%   have maturity dates from December 2016 to July 2017, and had   no   outstanding balances at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   or   December 31, 2015  . The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants at   September 30, 2016  . 

15 

7.    Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Pending Claims 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of business.  At this time, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, which the Company expects individually or in the aggregate to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Nonetheless, the resolution of any claim or litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
    
  Other 
    
  Corrosion, hydrogen enbrittlement, cracking, material hardness, wood pressure-treating chemicals, misinstallations, misuse, design and assembly flaws, manufacturing defects, labeling defects, product formula defects, inaccurate chemical mixes, adulteration, environmental conditions, or other factors can contribute to failure of fasteners, connectors, anchors, adhesives, specialty chemicals, such as fiber reinforced polymers, and tool products.  In addition, inaccuracies may occur in product information, descriptions and instructions found in catalogs, packaging, data sheets, and the Company s website.  The Company has not incurred any material liability resulting from any such failures and/or inaccuracies. 

8.    Stock-Based Incentive Plans 
    
  The Company currently has   one   stock-based incentive plan, which incorporates and supersedes its   two   previous plans (see Note 1  Basis of Presentation     Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation   ). Participants are granted stock-based awards only if the applicable Company-wide and/or profit-center operating goals, established at the beginning of the year by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Company's Board of Directors are met. Certain participants may have additional goals based on strategic initiatives of the Company. 
    
  The fair value of each restricted stock unit award is estimated on the measurement date as determined in accordance with GAAP and is based on the closing market price of the underlying stock on the day preceding the measurement. The fair value excludes the present value of the dividends that the restricted stock units do not participate in.     On February 1, 2016,   431,439   restricted stock units were awarded to the Company's employees, including officers, at an estimated value of   $32.63   per share, based on the closing price on   January 29, 2016  . The restrictions on these awards will generally lapse one quarter on the date of the award and one quarter on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of the award, except that restrictions on some of the awards made to each of the Company's named executive officers and certain members of the Company's senior management, where shares of the Company's common stock underlying such awards are subject to adjustment before becoming vested, will lapse fully on the third anniversary of the date of the award. On April 20, 2016,   1,800   restricted stock units were awarded to each of the Company s six non-employee directors at an estimated value of   $38.00   per share based on the closing price on April 19, 2016. There are no restrictions on the non-employee directors  restricted stock units granted on April 20, 2016. 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s unvested restricted stock unit activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

16 

* 
    The intrinsic value is calculated using the closing price per share of   $43.95   as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on   September 30, 2016  . 
       
  Based on the market value on the award date, the total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested during the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , was   $10.8 million   and   $10.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  No   stock options were granted in   2015   or in the first   nine   months of   2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   unvested options outstanding. The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

* 
    The intrinsic value represents the amount, if any, by which the fair market value of the underlying common stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock option, using the closing price per share of   $43.95   as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on   September 30, 2016  . 
       
  The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , was   $2.4 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $25.4 million   of unrecognized cost was related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements under the 2011 Plan for awards made through February 2016 and those expected to be made through January 2017. The portion of this cost related to restricted stock units awarded through February 2016 (as discussed above) is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.9   years. 

9.    Segment Information 
    
  The Company is organized into   three   reportable segments. The segments are defined by the regions where the Company s products are manufactured, marketed and distributed to the Company s customers. The three regional segments are the North America segment, comprising primarily the United States and Canada, the Europe segment, comprising continental Europe and the United Kingdom, and the Asia/Pacific segment, comprising the Company s operations in China, Hong Kong, the South Pacific and the Middle East. China and Hong Kong operations are manufacturing and administrative support locations, respectively. These three reportable segments are similar in several ways, including the types of materials, the production processes, the distribution channels and the product applications. 
    
  The Company s measure of profit or loss for its reportable segments is income (loss) from operations. The reconciling amount between consolidated income before tax and consolidated income from operations is interest expense, which is primarily attributed to Administrative and All Other. 

17 

The following tables illustrate certain measurements used by management to assess the performance as of or for the following periods:  

* The sales to other segments are eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash collected by the Company s United States subsidiaries is routinely transferred into the Company s cash management accounts and, therefore, has been included in the total assets of  Administrative and all other.  Cash and cash equivalent balances in the  Administrative and all other  segment were   $128.6 million  ,   $153.8 million  , and   $164.1 million  , as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and December 31,   2015  , respectively. Total "Administrative and all other" assets are net of inter-segment due to and from accounts which eliminate in consolidation. 
    
  The following table illustrates the distribution of the Company s net sales by product group for the following periods: 

18 

Wood construction products include connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and pre-fabricated shearwalls and are used for connecting and strengthening wood-based construction primarily in the residential construction market. Concrete construction products include adhesives, chemicals, mechanical anchors, carbide drill bits, powder actuated tools and fiber reinforcing materials and are used for restoration, protection or strengthening concrete, masonry and steel construction in residential, industrial, commercial and infrastructure construction. 

10.    Subsequent Events 
    
  In   October 2016  , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of   $0.18   per share, estimated to be   $8.6 million   in total, to be paid on   January 26, 2017  , to stockholders of record on   January 5, 2017  . The Board of Directors also scheduled the Company s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders for Monday, April 24, 2017.  
    
  In November 2016, the Company repurchased   154,156   shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to the Company's   $50.0 million   accelerated share repurchase program (the "ASR Program") with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which constituted the final delivery under the ASR Program. The Company so far has repurchased   1,244,003   shares of its common stock during 2016, which included   1,137,656   shares from the ASR Program, at a cost of   $53.5 million  . 

19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  The following is a discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the Company for the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Part I, Item 1, "Financial Statements  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs as discussed in the  Note About Forward-Looking Statements  at the beginning of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our actual results could differ materially from those plans, estimates, and beliefs. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Overview 
    
  The Company designs, manufactures and sells building construction products that are of high quality and performance, easy to use and cost-effective for customers. It operates in three business segments determined by geographic region: North America, Europe and Asia/Pacific. The Company s current focus is on strengthening its core wood construction products, expanding its global footprint to be less dependent on housing starts in the United States and continuing to invest in strategic initiatives, such as expanding its offering of concrete construction products, particularly specialty chemicals, and wood construction products, particularly fasteners, truss plates and truss design software. 
    
  The Company benefited from above average sales growth in the fourth quarter of 2015 and first quarter of 2016, primarily due to a mild winter, while sales growth moderated in the second and third quarters of 2016. Based on current information, the Company is uncertain as to whether the moderate sales growth will continue for the rest of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017. Income from operations, as a percentage of net sales, has increased in both the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, due to increased gross profit margins as a percentage of net sales, while the operating expenses for the first nine months of 2016 were lower than the operating expenses for the first nine months of 2015, as a percentage of net sales.  
    
  In July 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to replace the Company's current in-house enterprise resource planning ("ERP") and accounting platforms with a fully integrated ERP platform from SAP America, Inc. ("SAP"). Management     currently plans to replace the current platforms in multiple phases over a period of three to four years, minimize project scope expansion and focus on configuring, instead of customizing, the standard SAP modules. Management anticipates the new platform to cost approximately $30 million, including capital expenditures, which will increase annual operating expenses during the implementation phase from 2017 to 2019. When fully implemented, however, the Company anticipates annual savings approximately equal to 1% of net sales from improved production scheduling and inventory management as well as lower labor, administrative and compliance costs.  
    
  The North America segment generates more revenues from wood construction products than concrete construction products. Due to improved economic conditions, including an increase in housing starts, net sales in most regions of the segment have trended up, primarily due to increases in unit sales volumes. Net sales in the third quarter of 2016 increased moderately, which was in line with net sales increases in the second quarter of 2016. The Company announced a sales price increase the third quarter of 2016, mostly due to increased steel prices, which is effective in the latter part of the fourth quarter of 2016. Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, including the announced product sales price increases, the Company currently does not know if this sales trend will continue in the fourth quarter of 2016. During the   third   quarter of 2016, the Company initiated a multi-year plan to increase its North America factory production efficiency, aiming to achieve a 75% factory utilization rate on two full shifts by moving high-volume connector production from both its Riverside and Western Canada facilities to its other major manufacturing locations in North America. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has relocated 40% of the high-volume connector production, which is ahead of schedule. Once the transition is completed, based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates this will save approximately $3.0 million per year, mostly in production costs. Both the Riverside and Western Canada locations will continue as sales and distribution locations, and maintain the capability to manufacture custom orders to continue to meet the Company's service and product availability commitments to customers in the Southwestern region of the United States and Western region of Canada. 
    
  The Europe segment also generates more revenues from wood construction products than concrete construction products. Net sales reported in both the United States dollar and in local currencies increased in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . Given the number of factors influencing the Europe segment, including the United Kingdom voting to exit the European Union, the Company cannot reasonably predict whether this is a trend that will continue in the fourth quarter  
  
   20 

of 2016. Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates that the Europe segment will report an operating profit in   2016  . 
    
  Due to the closure of the Asia sales offices in 2015, consolidated net sales in the Asia/Pacific segment decreased approximately $4.0 million in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   and overhead expenses also decreased approximately $3.2 million mostly related to decreased personnel costs from staff reductions and additional closure expenses that occurred in   2015   but not in 2016. See Note 1 "Basis of Presentation -   Sales Office Closing  " to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company expects the Asia/Pacific segment to break-even or report a small operating profit in 2016.  
    
  Admin and all other includes expenses such as stock compensation for certain members of management, interest expense, self-insured workers compensation claims, if any, for certain members of management, foreign exchange gains or losses and income tax expense related to its United States activity. It also includes revenues and expenses related to real estate activities, such as rental income and associated expenses on the Company s facility in Vacaville, California, which the Company has leased to a third party for a term expiring in August 2020. 
    
  Unlike lumber or other products that have a more direct correlation to housing starts, the Company s products are used to a greater extent in areas that are subject to natural forces, such as seismic or wind events. The Company s products are used in a sequential process that follows the construction process. Residential and commercial construction begins with the foundation, followed by the wall and the roof systems, and the installation of the Company s products flow into a project or a house according to these schedules. Foundation product sales could be considered a leading indicator for the Company. Sales of these products in the   third   quarter of   2016   increased compared to the same period in   2015  . 
    
  The Company s sales also tend to be seasonal, with operating results varying from quarter to quarter. With some exceptions, the Company s sales and income have historically been lower in the first and fourth quarters than in the second and third quarters of the year, as customers purchase construction materials in the late spring and summer months for the construction season. In addition, weather conditions, such as extended cold or wet weather, which affect and sometimes delay installation of some of the Company s products, could negatively affect the Company s results of operations. Political and economic events can also affect the Company s sales and profitability. 

Results of Operations for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  , Compared with the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Unless otherwise stated, the results announced below, when providing comparisons (which are generally indicated by words such as  increased,   decreased,  "remained" or  compared to ), compare the results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , against the results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  To avoid fractional percentages, all percentages presented below were rounded to the nearest whole number. 
    
  Net sales increased   7%   to   $231.0 million   from   $216.1 million  . The Company had net income of   $29.8 million   compared to   $21.6 million  . Diluted net income per common share was   $0.62   compared to   $0.44  .  

21 

The following table illustrates the differences in the Company s operating results for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , and the increases or decreases for each category by segment: 

Net sales 
    
  The following table represents net sales by segment for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

The following table represents segment net sales as percentages of total net sales for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

The Company's net sales increased in all segments.  

Segment net sales: 
                
    North America - Net sales increased 7%, mostly due to increased unit sales volumes in the United States on improved economic activity as well as a slight increase in average net sales unit prices. Canada's net sales were not significantly affected by effects of foreign currency translation. 
                
    Europe - Net sales increased 6%, mostly due to increased unit sales volumes, partly offset by a decrease in average net sales unit prices. Europe's net sales were negatively affected by approximately $1.0 million due to the weakening of the British pound against the United States dollar. 

22 

Consolidated net sales channels and product groups: 
                
    Net sales to dealer distributors, contractor distributors and home centers increased, primarily due to increased home construction activity, while net sales to lumber dealers decreased. 
                
    Wood construction product net sales, including sales of connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and shearwalls, represented 84% and 85% of the Company's total net sales in the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
                
    Concrete construction product net sales, including sales of adhesives, chemicals, mechanical anchors, powder actuated tools and reinforcing fiber materials, represented 16% and 15% of the Company's total net sales in the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
       
  Gross profit 
    
  The following table represents gross profit by segment for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

* The statistic is not meaningful or not material. 
    
  The following table represents gross profit as a percentage of sales by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

* The statistic is not meaningful or not material. 
    
  Gross profit increased to $113.5 million from $100.3 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 49% from 46%. 

North America - Gross profit margin increased to 50% from 48%, primarily due to decreases in material and labor costs as well as a slight increase in average net sales unit price, partly offset by increases in factory overhead, shipping and warehouse costs, each as a percentage of sales. 
                
    Europe - Gross profit margin increased to 43% from 42%, as a result of decreases in factory overhead and material costs, partly offset by increases in shipping costs and warehouse costs, each as a percentage of net sales.  
                
    Product mix - The gross profit margin differential between wood construction products and concrete construction products, with concrete construction products having lower gross profit margins, increased to 16% from 15%, mostly due to the increase in gross profit margins for wood construction products exceeding the increase in gross profit margins for concrete construction products. 
                
    Steel prices - The market prices for steel have increased since the beginning of 2016. The Company currently anticipates that, subject to changing economic conditions, it is possible that steel prices will remain relatively stable during the fourth quarter of 2016.  
       
  Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates that its full-year 2016 gross profit margin will be between approximately 47% and 48%. 

23 

Research and development and engineering expense 
    
  Research and development and engineering expense     decreased 22% to $10.9 million from $13.9 million, primarily due to a non-recurring $4.1 million write-off of a software development project in the third quarter of 2015, partly offset by an increase of $0.8 million in cash profit sharing expense on increased profits, all of which occurred in the North America segment. 
    
  Selling expense 
    
  Selling     expense increased 8% to $24.3 million from $22.5 million, primarily due to increases of $1.2 million in personnel costs and $0.9 million in cash profit sharing and sales commission expenses on higher operating profits and net sales, partly offset by a decrease of $0.5 million in professional fees. 

North America - Selling expense increased $1.3 million, primarily due to increases of $0.8 million in personnel costs, mostly related to the addition of staff and pay rate increases instituted on January 1, 2016, and $0.8 million in cash profit sharing and sales commission expenses, partly offset by a decrease of $0.4 million in professional fees. 
                
    Europe - Selling expense increased $0.3 million, primarily due to an increase of $0.2 million in personnel costs mostly related to the addition of staff. 
       
  General and administrative expense 
    
  General and administrative     expense increased 14% to $32.5 million from $28.6 million, primarily due to increases of $1.8 million in cash profit sharing expense on increased profits, $0.9 million in software subscription and licensing fees, $0.8 million in personnel costs, mostly related to the addition of staff and pay rate increases instituted on January 1, 2016, $0.5 million in professional and legal fees primarily related to strategic initiatives and $0.4 million in stock-based compensation expenses, partly offset by a net decrease of $0.7 million in foreign currency losses. 

North America - General and administrative     expense increased $4.7 million, primarily due to increases of $1.7 million in cash profit sharing expense, $1.4 million in personnel costs, $0.9 million in software subscription and licensing fees, $0.2 million in professional and legal fees and $0.2 million in stock-based compensation. 
                
    Europe - General and administrative     expense increased $0.5 million, primarily due to an increase of $0.2 million in cash profit sharing expense. 
                
    Asia/Pacific - General and administrative     expense decreased $1.1 million, primarily due to a decrease of $0.4 million in personnel costs related to the sales office closures in 2015 and a net decrease of $0.2 million in foreign currency losses. 
       
  Income taxes 
    
  The Company's effective income tax rate decreased to 35% from 38%, primarily due to reduced operating losses in the Asia/Pacific segment, for which no income tax benefit was recorded. Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates that its full-year 2016 effective tax rate will be between 36% and 37%. 

Results of Operations for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016  , Compared with the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015 
    
  Unless otherwise stated, the results announced below, when providing comparisons (which are generally indicated by words such as  increased,   decreased,  "remained" or  compared to ), compare the results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , against the results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  To avoid fractional percentages, all percentages presented below were rounded to the nearest whole number. 
    
  Net sales increased   8%   to   $660.5 million   from   $609.3 million  . The Company had net income of   $72.3 million   compared to   $53.2 million  . Diluted net income per common share was   $1.49   compared to   $1.08  .  

24 

The following table illustrates the differences in the Company s operating results in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and the increases or decreases for each category by segment: 

Net sales 
    
  The following table represents net sales by segment for the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

The following table represents segment net sales as percentages of total net sales for the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

The Company's net sales     increased in both North America and Europe segments.  

Segment net sales: 
                
    North America - Net sales increased 10%, mostly due to increased unit sales volumes in the United States on improved economic activity, partly offset by a slight decrease in average sales prices. Canada's net sales were negatively affected by the Canadian dollar weakening against the United States dollar. In the local currency, Canada's net sales increased.  
     
   25 

Europe - Net sales increased 3%, mostly due to increased unit sales volumes, partly offset by a decrease in average sales prices. Europe's net sales were negatively affected by the European currencies weakening against the United States dollar. 
                
    Asia/Pacific - Net sales decreased 34%, primarily due to the continued effects of the closing of sales offices in China, Thailand and Dubai late in the first quarter of 2015, which accounted for an approximately $4.0 million decrease in consolidated net sales. 

Consolidated net sales channels and product groups: 
                
    Net sales to dealer distributors, lumber dealers, contractor distributors and home centers increased, primarily due to increased home construction activity. 
                
    Wood construction product net sales, including sales of connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and shearwalls, represented 85% of the Company's total net sales in the first nine months of both 2016 and 2015.  
                
    Concrete construction product net sales, including sales of adhesives, chemicals, mechanical anchors, powder actuated tools and reinforcing fiber materials, represented 15% of the Company's total net sales in the first nine months of both 2016 and 2015.  
       
  Gross profit 
    
  The following table represents gross profit by segment for the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

* The statistic is not meaningful or not material. 
    
  The following table represents gross profit as a percentage of sales by segment for the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively: 

* The statistic is not meaningful or not material. 
    
  Gross profit increased to   $317.5 million   from $  276.2 million  . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to   48%   from   45%  . 

North America - Gross profit margin increased to 49% from 47%, primarily as a result of decreases in material costs, factory overhead (on increased production volumes) and labor, partly offset by an increase in warehouse costs, each as a percentage of sales. 
                
    Europe - Gross profit margin remained at 40%. Decreased material costs and factory overhead (on increased production costs) were offset by increased shipping labor costs, each as a percentage of sales.  
                
    Product mix - The gross profit margin differential between wood construction products and concrete construction products, with concrete construction products having lower gross profit margins, decreased to 14% from 16%.  

26 

Research and development and engineering expense 
    
  Research and development and engineering expense     decreased 2% to $33.8 million from $34.6 million, primarily due to a non-recurring $4.1 million write-off of a software development project in the third quarter of 2015, partly offset by increases of $1.9 million in cash profit sharing expense on increased profits, $0.5 million in personnel costs and $0.3 million in computer costs, all of which occurred in the North America segment. 
    
  Selling expense 
    
  Selling     expense increased 9% to $74.3 million from $68.2 million, primarily due to increases of $4.1 million in personnel costs and $2.3 million in cash profit sharing expense on increased profits, partly offset by decreases of $0.2 million in professional fees and $0.2 million in stock-based compensation. 

North America - Selling expense increased $5.2 million, primarily due to increases of $3.7 million in personnel costs, mostly related to the addition of staff and pay rate increases instituted on January 1, 2016, and $2.2 million in cash profit sharing expense, partly offset by decreases of $0.4 million in professional fees and $0.2 million in stock-based compensation. 
                
    Europe - Selling expense increased $1.7 million, primarily due to increases of $1.1 million in personnel costs mostly related to the addition of staff and $0.1 million in cash profit sharing expense. 
                
    Asia/Pacific - Selling expense decreased $0.7 million, primarily due to a decrease of $0.7 million in personnel costs, related to closing three sales offices and downsizing one sales office in 2015. 
       
  General and administrative expense 
    
  General and administrative     expense increased 11% to $96.8 million from $86.9 million, primarily due to increases of $4.7 million in cash profit sharing expense, $2.4 million in legal and professional fees primarily related to strategic initiatives, acquisition opportunities and shareholder engagement activities, $1.2 million in computer and information technology expense, $1.1 million in personnel costs and $0.7 million in stock-based compensation, partly offset by a decrease of $0.4 million in facility rent and maintenance expenses. 

North America - General and administrative     expense increased $10.3 million, primarily due to increases of $4.2 million in cash profit sharing expense, $2.5 million in personnel costs, $1.8 million in legal and professional fees, $1.3 million in computer and information technology expense and $0.3 million in stock-based compensation. 
                
    Europe - General and administrative     expense increased $1.1 million, primarily due to increases of $0.6 million in legal and professional fees and $0.5 million in personnel costs. 
                
    Asia/Pacific - General and administrative     expense decreased $2.2 million primarily due to decreases of $1.4 million in personnel costs and $0.3 million in facility rent and maintenance expense due to the sales office closures. 
                
    Administrative and All Other - General and administrative     expense increased $0.8 million, primarily due to increases of $0.4 million in cash profit sharing expense and $0.6 million in stock-based compensation, partly offset by a decrease of $0.4 million in personnel costs. 
       
  Income taxes 
    
  The Company's effective income tax rate decreased to 36% from 38%, primarily due to reduced operating losses in the Asia/Pacific segment, for which no tax benefit was recorded. 

Effect of New Accounting Standards 
    
  See Note 1  Basis of Presentation -   Recently Adopted Accounting Standards    and    Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted    to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Liquidity and Sources of Capital 
    
  The Company s primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and the Company s operations. The Company also receives proceeds from the issuance of its common stock through the exercise of stock options by its employees. The Company's cash and cash equivalents consisted of United States Treasury securities and deposits and money market funds held with established national financial institutions.  
    
  The Company's principal uses of liquidity are paying the costs and expenses associated with the Company's operations, continuing its capital allocation strategy, which includes growing its business by internal improvements or acquisitions, repurchasing the  
  
   27 

Company s common stock, paying cash dividends, and meeting other liquidity requirements for the next twelve months. Depending, however, on the Company s future growth and possible acquisitions, it may become necessary to secure additional sources of financing, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all.  
    
  On July 25, 2016, the Company entered into a second amendment (the  Amendment ) to its $300.0 million credit facility. Among other things, the Amendment extends the term of the credit facility from July 27, 2017, to July 23, 2021. For additional information about the Amendment, see our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2016. 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents of   $88.2 million   are held by the Company in the local currencies of its foreign operations and could be subject to additional taxation if it were repatriated to the United States. The Company has no current plans to repatriate cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States, as it is expected to be used to fund future international growth and acquisitions. 
    
  The Company believes that the effect of inflation has not been material in recent years, as general inflation rates have remained relatively low. The Company s main raw material is steel; increases in steel prices may adversely affect the Company s gross profit margin if it cannot recover the higher costs through price increases. 
    
  The following table presents selected financial information as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively: 

The following table provides cash flow indicators for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Cash flows from operating activities result primarily from the Company earnings or losses, and are also affected by changes in operating assets and liabilities which consist primarily of working capital balances. As a building materials manufacturer, the Company's operating cash flows are subject to the seasonality and are cyclically associated with the volume and timing of construction project starts. For example, trade accounts receivable, net, is generally at its lowest at the end of the fourth quarter and increases during the first, second and third quarters. 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , operating activities   provided     $62.9 million   in cash and cash equivalents, as a result of   $72.3 million   from   net income   and   $31.8 million   from non-cash adjustments to net income which includes depreciation and amortization expenses, stock-based compensation expenses and changes in deferred income taxes, partly offset by   a decrease   of   $41.2 million   in the net change in operating assets and liabilities, including net change decreases of   $35.5 million   in trade accounts receivable, net, and   $23.0 million   in inventory. Cash   used in   investing activities of   $34.0 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , consisted primarily of   $29.9 million   for property, plant and equipment expenditures, related to real estate improvements, machinery and equipment purchases and software in development, and $5.4 million, net of acquired cash of $1.5 million, for the acquisition of Multi Services D coupe S.A. ("MSD"), partly offset by   $1.3 million   in proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment. Cash   used in   financing activities of   $71.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , consisted primarily of   $24.2 million   used to pay cash dividends and   $53.5 million   for the repurchase of the Company's  
  
   28 

common stock, including a $50.0 million accelerated share repurchase program, partly offset by   $6.7 million   from the issuance of common stock on the exercise of stock options. 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , operating activities   provided     $72.3 million   in cash and cash equivalents, as a result of   $53.2 million   from   net income   and   $35.9 million   from non-cash adjustments to net income which includes depreciation and amortization expenses, stock-based compensation expenses, software development write-offs and changes in deferred income taxes, partly offset by   a decrease   of   $16.7 million   in the net change in operating assets and liabilities, including a net change decrease of   $42.9 million   in trade accounts receivable, net, and net change increases of   $8.2 million   in income taxes payable and   $6.6 million   in cash profit sharing. Cash   used in   investing activities of   $19.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , consisted primarily of   $19.2 million   for property, plant and equipment expenditures, primarily to increase manufacturing capacity in North America and to improve information technology support systems. Cash   used in   financing activities of   $62.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , consisted primarily of   $21.6 million   used to pay cash dividends,   $47.1 million   for the repurchase of the Company's common stock and   $1.2 million   in contingent consideration mostly related to asset acquisitions, partly offset by   $7.0 million   from the issuance of common stock on the exercise of stock options. 
    
  Capital Allocation Strategy 
    
  The Company has a strong cash position and remains committed to seeking growth opportunities in the building products range where it can leverage its expertise in engineering, testing, manufacturing and distribution to invest in and grow its business. Those opportunities include internal improvements or acquisitions that fit within the Company s strategic growth plan. Additionally, the Company has financial flexibility and is committed to providing returns to its shareholders. Below are highlights of the Company s capital allocation strategy since the beginning of 2015. 
    
  In December 2015, the Company acquired the assets of Blue Heron Enterprises, LLC, and Fox Chase Enterprises, LLC (collectively, "EBTY") for $3.4 million in cash. The Company believes EBTY's patented design for hidden deck clips and products and systems complements the Company's line of hidden clips and fastener systems. The Company's provisional measurement of EBTY assets acquired included goodwill and intangible assets of $3.1 million. In August 2016. the Company acquired all the shares of MSD, (a former customer of the Company) for a net cost of $5.4 million. The Company believes the acquisition of MSD could potentially increase its sales by expanding the available product line in Belgium as well as expanding into the Netherlands market. See Note 1 "Basis of Presentation -   Acquisitions  " to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates that its full-year   2016   capital spending will be approximately $42 million to $45 million, which includes expenditures for the build-out of our West Chicago chemical facility (for the relocation of our two existing chemical facilities anticipated in early 2017) and for the beginning of the expansion of our facility in Texas to increase warehouse, office and training center capacity (which expenditures are expected to continue into 2017) , as well as for the purchase of manufacturing equipment and development and licensing of software. Capital spending in 2015 was $34.2 million and was primarily for the purchase of the West Chicago chemical facility and manufacturing equipment and development of software.  
    
  Based on current information and subject to future events and circumstances, the Company estimates that its full-year   2016   depreciation expense will be approximately $22 million to $23 million and that its full-year amortization expense will be approximately   $6 million  . 
    
  The following table presents the Company s dividends paid and share repurchases for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   and the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2015, respectively, in aggregated amounts:  

* 
    Including the $6.5 million delivered under the Company's $50 million accelerated share repurchase program after September 30, 2016.  See Note 10 "Subsequent Events" to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

29 

In April 2016, the Company s Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend by   12.5%   to   $0.18   per share. In   October 2016  , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of   $0.18   per share, estimated to be   $8.6 million   in total, to be paid in dividends on   January 26, 2017  , to stockholders of record on   January 5, 2017  .  
    
  In August 2016, the Company's Board of Directors increased and extended the $50.0 million repurchase authorization from February 2016 by authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $125.0 million of the Company's common stock through December 2017 including from the public securities market and through one or more accelerated share repurchase programs. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company received the initial delivery of 983,500 shares of its common stock at an average price of $44.23 per share under the Company s $50.0 million accelerated share repurchase program with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. As of   September 30, 2016  , $78.0 million remained available under such $125.0 million authorization. The final delivery under the accelerated share repurchase program was made in early November 2016. See Note 10 "Subsequent Events" to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course 
  of our business. 
    
  Foreign Exchange Risk 
    
  The Company has foreign exchange rate risk in its international operations, and through purchases from foreign vendors. Changes in the values of currencies of foreign countries affect our financial position, income statement and cash flows when translated into U.S. dollars. The Company does not currently hedge this risk. The Company estimates that if the exchange rate were to change by 10% in any one country where the Company has operations, the change in net income would not be material to the Company s operations taken as a whole. 
    
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on the Company's underlying assets and liabilities resulted in accumulated other comprehensive   income   of   $0.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the effect of the   strengthening   of the United States dollar in relation to the Canadian dollar and the British pound, partly offset by the   weakening   of the United States dollar in relation to most of the other currencies. Foreign currency translation adjustments resulted in a   $5.2 million   other comprehensive   income   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the effect of the   strengthening   of the Unites States dollar in relation to the British pound and the Chinese yuan, partly offset by the   weakening   of the United States dollar in relation to most of the other currencies. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  The Company has no variable interest-rate debt outstanding. The Company estimates that a hypothetical 100 basis point change in U.S. interest rates would not be material to the Company s operations taken as a whole. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the chief executive officer ( CEO ) and the chief financial officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed reasonably to assure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed reasonably to assure that this information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

30 

The Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, does not, however, expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent all fraud and material errors. Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the facts that there are resource constraints and that the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. The inherent limitations in internal control over financial reporting include the realities that judgments can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls also can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of internal control is also based in part on assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential events and conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in circumstances, or the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.   During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made no changes to its internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
    
  Pending Claims 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of business.  At this time, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, which the Company expects individually or in the aggregate to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Nonetheless, the resolution of any claim or litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
    
  Other 
    
  Corrosion, hydrogen enbrittlement, cracking, material hardness, wood pressure-treating chemicals, misinstallations, misuse, design and assembly flaws, manufacturing defects, labeling defects, product formula defects, inaccurate chemical mixes, adulteration, environmental conditions, or other factors can contribute to failure of fasteners, connectors, anchors, adhesives, specialty chemicals, such as fiber reinforced polymers, and tool products.  In addition, inaccuracies may occur in product information, descriptions and instructions found in catalogs, packaging, data sheets, and the Company s website.  The Company has not incurred any material liability resulting from any such failures and/or inaccuracies. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  We are affected by risks specific to us, as well as risks that generally affect businesses operating in global markets. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (available at www.simpsonmfg.com/docs/10K-2015.pdf or www.sec.gov). The risks disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and information provided elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. While we believe there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  At its meeting in August 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $125.0 million of the Company s common stock through 2017. This authorization increased and extended the $50.0 million repurchase authorization from February 2016 and will remain in effect through the end of 2017. In August 2016, the Company entered into a Supplemental Confirmation for a $50.0 million accelerated share repurchase program (the  ASR Program ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ). Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Program, Wells Fargo made an initial delivery of 983,500 shares  
  
   31 

of the Company s common stock in September 2016 at an average price of $44.23 per share, which represented approximately 85% of the total shares expected to be delivered under the ASR Program. 
    
  The Company publicly announced the $125 million authorization on August 24, 2016. The following table presents the monthly repurchases made by the Company of its common stock during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

*    Pursuant to the $50.0 million repurchase authorization from February 2016. 

The Company recorded the $50.0 million payment as a reduction to stockholders  equity, consisting of a $43.5 million increase in treasury stock and a $6.5 million reduction in additional paid-in capital. At the completion of the ASR Program, the Company may be entitled to receive additional shares of its common stock from Wells Fargo, or, under certain circumstances, may be required to make a cash payment or, at the Company s option, deliver shares to Wells Fargo. The final settlement of the ASR Program was completed in early November 2016. See Note 10 "Subsequent Events" to the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
    
  The following exhibits are either incorporated by reference into this report or filed or furnished with this report, as indicated below. 
    
           3.1 
    Certificate of Incorporation of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. 

4.1 
    Amended Rights Agreement dated as of June 15, 2009, between Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., which includes as Exhibit B the form of Rights Certificate, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. s Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A dated June 15, 2009. 
       
           4.2 
    Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Participating Preferred Stock of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., dated July 30, 1999, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of its Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated August 4, 1999. 
       
           10.1 
    Second amendment to the unsecured credit agreement, dated as of July 25, 2016, among the Company, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("Wells Fargo"), MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (f/k/a Union Bank, N.A.), HSBC Bank USA, N.A., and Bank of Montreal, as lenders, Wells Fargo in its separate capacities as Swing Line Lender and L/C issuer and as Administrative Agent, and Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc., and Simpson Strong-Tie International, Inc. as Guarantors, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25, 2016. 

32 

101 
    Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , formatted in XBRL, are filed herewith and include: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

33 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. 

(Registrant) 

DATE: 
    November 7, 2016 

By /s/Brian J. Magstadt 

Brian J. Magstadt 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal accounting and financial officer) 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

I, Karen Colonias, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
            (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE: 
    November 7, 2016 

By /s/Karen Colonias 

Karen Colonias 

Chief Executive Officer 

35 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

I, Brian J. Magstadt, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
            (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

DATE: 
    November 7, 2016 

By /s/Brian J. Magstadt 

Brian J. Magstadt 

Chief Financial Officer 

36 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit32009302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Section 1350 Certifications 

The undersigned, Karen Colonias and Brian J. Magstadt, being the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify that the quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: 
    November 7, 2016 

By /s/Karen Colonias 

Karen Colonias 

Chief Executive Officer 

By /s/Brian J. Magstadt 

Brian J. Magstadt 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code has been provided to Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and will be retained by Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff on request. 
    
  The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

37 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ssd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ssd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ssd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ssd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ssd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ssd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

