<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1383871_0001628280-16-021047_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6044110</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>501479</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>618724</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2103167</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1973723</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>718268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021047.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108181929
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFELOCK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001383871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				562508977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35671
		FILM NUMBER:		161982352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 E. RIO SALADO PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-682-5100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 E. RIO SALADO PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85281

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIFELOCK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021047.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 lock-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016        
  or    

For the transition period from __________ to __________.  
  Commission file number: 001-35671    
               LifeLock, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    56-2508977 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes          No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer          
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No     
  As of   October 28, 2016  , there were outstanding   94,146,117   shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value. 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    1 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    1 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    4 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    16 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    32 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    32 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    33 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    36 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    58 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    59 
       Signatures  
    60 

LifeLock, LifeLock Standard, LifeLock Advantage, LifeLock Ultimate, LifeLock Ultimate Plus, LifeLock Junior, Id Analytics and the LockMan logo are registered trademarks of LifeLock, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
      
  LIFELOCK, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     (unaudited) 
   
  1. Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and applicable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), rules and regulations regarding interim financial reporting.  Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , or fiscal   2015   Form 10-K. 
  The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   included herein was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures including notes required by U.S. GAAP. 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the anticipated results of operations for the entire year ending   December 31, 2016   or any future period.  
  Basis of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly and indirectly owned subsidiaries. We eliminate all intercompany balances and transactions, including intercompany profits, in consolidation. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  We continually evaluate our estimates, including those related to the allocation of the purchase price associated with acquisitions; the carrying value of long-lived assets; the amortization period of long-lived assets; the carrying value, capitalization, and amortization of software and website development costs; the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets; the amortization period of intangible assets; the provision for income taxes and related deferred tax accounts, and realizability of deferred tax assets; certain accrued expenses; contingencies, litigation, and related legal accruals; and the value attributed to employee stock options and other stock-based awards.  We base our estimates on historical experience, current business factors, and various other assumptions that we believe are necessary to consider to form a basis for making judgments.  Actual results could be materially different from these estimates. 
   
  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Leases 
  We lease office space and data centers in various locations under operating leases with original lease periods up to   11   years.  Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis from the day we take possession of the premises through the end of the lease term.  Rent abatements and rent escalation provisions are considered in determining the straight-line rent expense with any difference between rent expense and rent payable recorded as an increase or decrease in deferred rent.  Tenant improvement allowances are recorded as leasehold improvements within property and equipment and within deferred rent. 
  We record assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated construction costs incurred under build-to-suit lease arrangements to the extent we are involved in the construction of structural improvements or take substantially all of the construction period risk prior to commencement of a lease.  Ground rents are imputed and accrued for during the construction period, and are recorded in rent expense.  At completion of a construction project, we perform an analysis to determine if the transfer to the owner/lessor meets the requirements for sale-leaseback treatment.  If we maintain significant continuing involvement, we will continue to carry the construction costs and corresponding financing obligation on our balance sheet until the involvement or the term of the lease ends.  If it is determined that we will not maintain significant continuing involvement, we record a sale of the premises back to the owner/lessor, and remove the construction costs and financing obligation from our consolidated balance sheet.  
  There have been no other material changes to our significant accounting policies from those disclosed in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K.  
  
   5 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, the FASB, issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   which provides guidance for revenue recognition. The standard s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today s guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities for one year.  Consequently, the guidance provided in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for us in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  The guidance permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations  , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.  ASU 2016-08 is effective the same date as ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  .  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , which clarifies the guidance related to identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance.  ASU 2016-10 reduces the cost and complexity of applying certain aspects of the guidance both at implementation and on an ongoing basis.  The effective date for ASU 2016-10 is the same as ASU 2014-09.  We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet selected a transition method. 
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02,   Leases  , which requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities on their balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by operating leases and will also require disclosures designed to give users of financial statements information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.  The guidance provided by ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the effect of ASU 2016-06 on our consolidated financial statements and do not plan to early adopt this guidance. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, as well as revising guidance around classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the effect of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements and do not plan to early adopt this guidance. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which makes changes to how certain cash receipt and cash payments are presented and classified in the cash flow statement.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  The amendments in ASU 2016-15 will be applied using a retrospective transition method for each period presented unless it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively, in which case prospective application would be applied as of the earliest date practicable.  Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the effect of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements and do not plan to early adopt this guidance.      
   
  3. Marketable Securities 
  We classify all marketable securities as current regardless of contractual maturity dates because we consider such investments to represent cash available for current operations. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not consider any of our marketable securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired.  When evaluating our investments for other-than-temporary impairment, we review factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below its cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, our ability and intent to hold the security, and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the investment before recovery of its cost basis. 
  
   6 

The following is a summary of marketable securities designated as available-for-sale as of   September 30, 2016  :   

  The following is a summary of amortized cost and estimated fair value of marketable securities as of   September 30, 2016   by maturity: 

The following is a summary of marketable securities designated as available-for-sale as of   December 31, 2015  :   

  The following is a summary of amortized cost and estimated fair value of marketable securities as of   December 31, 2015   by maturity:   

7 

4. Fair Value Measurements 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of our financial assets was as follows:    

            (1)   
    Classified in cash and cash equivalents 
               (2)   
    Classified in marketable securities. 
               (3)   
    Includes commercial paper with maturities of three months or less at time of purchase of   $10.1 million   classified in cash and cash equivalents and commercial paper with maturities of greater than three months of   $37.2 million   classified in marketable securities.    
      
  5. Financing Arrangements 
  There have been no changes in our Credit Agreement and related documents with Bank of America, which we refer to as our Senior Credit Facility, from the disclosure in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   we were in compliance with all the covenants of the Senior Credit Facility.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding letters of credit in the amount of   $1.3 million  .  
   
  6. Leases 
  In April 2016, we entered into a lease agreement for approximately   60,000   rentable square feet of office space located in Mountain View, CA.  We rented the total office space available in the building, which is currently under construction. As a result of our involvement during the construction period, we are deemed to be the owner of the construction project for accounting purposes.  Accordingly, we recorded a   $12.3 million   construction in process asset in property and equipment, net, representing the total fair value of the building paid by the lessor including estimated construction period costs to date and a corresponding noncurrent financing obligation liability in our   September 30, 2016   condensed consolidated balance sheet.  We have also recorded imputed ground rent expense of   $0.6 million   for the three- and   nine  -months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Construction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017 at which point we will evaluate whether or not we meet the requirements for sale-leaseback treatment.  If we do meet the requirements for sale-leaseback treatment upon completion of construction, we will record the sale of the premises back to the owner/lessor and remove the construction in process asset and corresponding noncurrent financing obligation liability from our consolidated balance sheet and the lease will be accounted for as an operating lease under which we expect to recognize rent expense of approximately   $4.0 million   per year during the term of the lease.  If we are unable to meet the requirements for sale-leaseback treatment, the lease will be treated as a financing obligation and we will continue to carry the value of the building and construction costs on our balance sheet.  Rent payments  
  
   8 

will be treated as principal and interest payments on the financing obligation, with an amount recorded as estimated ground lease expense each period.  The capitalized costs of the building will be depreciated over an estimated useful life of   30   years.         
  The following summarizes the future minimum lease payments for all outstanding lease agreements as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Rent expense for the three- and   nine  -months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $2.4 million   and   $6.4 million  , respectively, net of sublease income.  Rent expense for the three- and   nine  -months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $1.5 million   and   $4.3 million  , respectively. 
   
  7. Stockholders  Equity 
  Stock Repurchases 
  In November 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved the repurchase of up to   $100 million   of our common stock, representing approximately   7%   of our outstanding common stock.  The repurchase program was completed in the second quarter of 2016, with the final settlement of shares completed in the third quarter 2016.  Repurchases under the program were made through open market and privately negotiated transactions as described below.     
  In February 2016, we entered into an issuer forward repurchase transaction confirmation (the ASR Agreement) with Bank of America, N.A. to repurchase common stock as part of the approved   $100 million   share repurchase program.  Under the ASR Agreement, we paid Bank of America, N.A.   $50 million   and received an initial delivery of   4.2 million   shares of common stock. The total number of shares purchased was determined based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the term of the ASR Agreement. In the second quarter 2016, Bank of America, N.A. delivered approximately   76,000   shares for the final settlement of the ASR Agreement.    
  We accounted for the ASR Agreement as two separate transactions: (i) approximately   4.2 million   shares of common stock initially delivered, which represented approximately   $42.5 million  , was accounted for as a treasury stock transaction and (ii) the remaining   $7.5 million   unsettled portion of the ASR Agreement was determined to be a forward contract indexed to our common stock.  The initial repurchase of shares resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted net income (loss) per share on the delivery date.  We determined that the forward contract indexed to our common stock met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification, and therefore the contract was not accounted for as a derivative.  We recorded the   $7.5 million   unsettled portion of the ASR Agreement, which represents the implied value of the forward contract, in additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet upon execution of the ASR Agreement. Upon the final delivery of shares of the ASR Agreement, the forward contract was reclassified from additional paid-in capital to treasury stock for the value of the additional shares received, which amounted to approximately   $1.0 million  .    
  
   9 

In May 2016, we entered into a second issuer forward repurchase transaction confirmation (the Second ASR Agreement) with Bank of America, N.A. to repurchase common stock as the final part of our approved   $100 million   share repurchase program.  Under the Second ASR Agreement, we paid Bank of America, N.A. approximately   $48.1 million   and received an initial delivery of   3.5 million   shares of common stock.   The total number of shares purchased was determined based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the term of the Second ASR Agreement (the Valuation Period).  In July 2016, we returned approximately   0.3 million   shares to Merill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith pursuant to the Second ASR Agreement as a result of the increase in our stock price during the Valuation Period. 
  We accounted for the Second ASR Agreement as two separate transactions: (i) approximately   3.5 million   shares of common stock initially delivered, which represented approximately   $40.9 million  , was accounted for as a treasury stock transaction; and (ii) the remaining   $7.2 million   unsettled portion of the Second ASR Agreement was determined to be a forward contract indexed to our common stock.  The initial repurchase of shares resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted net income (loss) per share on the delivery date.  We determined that the forward contract indexed to our common stock met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification, and therefore the contract was not accounted for as a derivative.  We recorded the   $7.2 million   unsettled portion of the Second ASR Agreement, which represented the implied value of the forward contract, in additional paid-in capital.  Upon final settlement of the Second ASR Agreement in August 2016, the value of the shares delivered to Merill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith was reclassified to additional paid-in capital from treasury stock for approximately   $4.8 million  .   
  We were authorized by our board of directors pursuant to the   $100 million   share repurchase program to repurchase shares of common stock in the open market pursuant to trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (the Exchange Act).  During the   nine-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   0.2 million   shares of common stock at an average price of   $10.49   per share under such trading plans.  In connection with the Second ASR Agreement, we terminated our trading plans. 
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  We issue stock-based awards to our employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, and restricted stock.  We also have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP.  The following table summarizes the components of stock-based compensation expense included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

Unrecognized stock-based compensation expenses totaled   $78.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average time period of   2.9 years  . 
  Stock Warrants 
  During the   nine-month period ended     September 30, 2016  , warrants to purchase common shares of   2,334,044   were net exercised for a total of   2,210,335   shares.  There are   no   warrants outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  8. Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
  We compute basic net income (loss) per share using the two-class method required for participating securities.  We consider unvested restricted stock to be participating because holders of such shares have non-forfeitable one-for-one dividend rights.  The holders of unvested restricted stock do not have a contractual obligation to share in net losses.  Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. We compute diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock, including awards granted under our equity compensation plans and warrants to acquire common stock. 
  
   10 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Potentially dilutive securities, including common equivalent shares in which the exercise price together with other assumed proceeds exceed the average market price of common stock for the applicable period, were not included in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders as their impact would be anti-dilutive.  The following weighted-average number of outstanding employee stock options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, warrants to purchase common stock, and shares purchased under our ESPP were excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders:     

9. Income Taxes 
  Income taxes for the interim periods presented have been included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements on the basis of an estimated annual effective tax rate.  Based on an estimated annual effective tax rate and discrete items, the estimated income tax expense for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   was   $8.5 million   and the estimated income tax benefit for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2015   was   $22.1 million  .  For the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the estimated income tax benefit was   $3.8 million   and   $27.8 million  , respectively.  The determination of the interim period income tax provision utilizes the effective tax rate method, which requires us to estimate certain annualized components of the calculation of the income tax provision, including the annual effective tax rate by entity and jurisdiction.  Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal and state statutory rate for the three- and -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   primarily as a result of tax return to provision adjustments which resulted in an income tax benefit of   $0.8 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively.  
  
   11 

We continually evaluate all positive and negative information to determine if our deferred tax assets are realizable in accordance with ASC 740-10-30, which states that "all available evidence shall be considered in determining whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is needed."  In December 2015, the proposed comprehensive settlement agreements resolving outstanding litigation relating to our past marketing representations and information security programs were approved by the Federal Trade Commission, (FTC), the representatives of the Ebarle class action (as described in more detail in Note 11), and were approved by the court presiding over the Ebarle lass action.  As a result of the expense of   $96 million   and   $20 million   recorded in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, we have   three   years of cumulative pretax net losses. We reviewed the cumulative settlement of   $116 million   and determined that it was non-recurring in nature, not indicative of future performance, and, as such, would not materially affect our ability to generate taxable income in the future. In addition to excluding the impact of the non-recurring settlement amounts, we have seen improving pre-tax book income over the past   five   years and we are forecasting to continue generating pre-tax book income. As a result of the consideration of the factors discussed above, we believe that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize our net deferred tax assets not currently subject to a valuation allowance. 
   
  10. Segment Reporting 
  We operate our business and our Chief Operating Decision Maker, or CODM, who is our Chief Executive Officer and President, reviews and assesses our operating performance using   two   reportable segments: our consumer segment and our enterprise segment. In our consumer segment, we offer proactive identity theft protection services to consumers on an annual or monthly subscription basis. In our enterprise segment, we offer consumer risk management services to our enterprise customers. 
  Revenue and income (loss) from operations by operating segment for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   and goodwill and total assets by operating segment as of   September 30, 2016   were:     

Revenue and income (loss) from operations by operating segment for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   was as follows:   

  Revenue and loss from operations by operating segment for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2015   and goodwill and total assets by operating segment as of   December 31, 2015   were:   

12 

Revenue and loss from operations by operating segment for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2015   was as follows:   

  We derive all of our revenue from sales in the United States, and substantially all of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. 
   
  11. Contingencies 
  As part of our consumer services, we offer broad member service support. If a member s identity has been compromised, our member service team and remediation specialists will assist the member with its resolution. This includes our   $1 million   service guarantee, which is backed by an identity theft insurance policy, under which we will spend up to   $1 million   to cover certain third-party costs and expenses incurred in connection with the remediation, such as legal and investigatory fees, subject to certain terms and conditions. This insurance also covers certain out-of-pocket expenses, such as loss of income, replacement of fraudulent withdrawals, and costs associated with child and elderly care, travel, stolen purse/wallet, and replacement of documents, subject to certain terms and conditions. While we have reimbursed members for claims under this guarantee, the amounts in aggregate for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were not material. 
  On July 21, 2015 the FTC lodged, under seal, in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, a motion seeking to hold us in contempt of the consent decree we entered into with the FTC in 2010 (the FTC Order). On December 17, 2015, we entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement with the FTC, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action and provided a mechanism to fund a settlement of the Ebarle Class Action described below.  
  On January 19, 2015, plaintiffs Napoleon Ebarle and Jeanne Stamm filed a nationwide putative consumer class action lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. A second amended complaint was filed on November 4, 2015 on behalf of   four   plaintiffs who alleged that we engaged in deceptive marketing and sales practices in connection with our membership plans in violation of the Arizona Consumer Fraud Act, Breach of Contract, unjust enrichment and violation of the Federal Declaratory Judgment Act.  
  Under the terms of the FTC settlement,   $100 million  , was paid in December 2015 and was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action,   $68 million   of which was authorized to be distributed to fund the consumer redress contemplated by the Ebarle Class Action settlement.  Those funds have been transferred to the supervision of the court overseeing the Ebarle Class Action Settlement.  
  On September 20, 2016, the court overseeing the Ebarle Class Action entered judgment and an order granting plaintiffs  motion for final approval of the parties  proposed settlement agreement, awarding plaintiffs  counsel   $10.2 million   in fees and costs and awarding each of the   four   plaintiffs   $2,000   as a service award, these amounts were previously expensed in the third quarter of 2015. Beginning on October 11, 2016, the Court-appointed settlement administrator distributed settlement checks to settlement class members using the   $68 million   transferred in February 2016 to the court-appointed settlement administrator from the court s registry in the FTC Contempt Action.  The remaining   $32 million   of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court. In addition, we have   $3.0 million   accrued for a potential settlement with states attorneys general for related claims. 
  Appeals of the final approval order and judgment were filed by   six   objectors prior to the filing deadline and are pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The appeals do not impact the timing of the payment of settlement checks to settlement class members or payment of the attorneys  fees, costs and service awards to plaintiffs. A mediation assessment conference is scheduled with the Court of Appeals for November 9, 2016, in connection with the initial appeal filed, and the appeal briefs are currently due on various dates in January through March 2017.  However, the parties have agreed to consolidate the appeals which is likely to have an impact on the current schedule. 
  On August 1, 2014, our subsidiaries Lemon and Lemon Argentina, S.R.L. (Lemon Argentina, and together, the Lemon Entities) filed a lawsuit in Santa Clara Superior Court in San Jose, California, against Wenceslao Casares, former General Manager of Lemon, Cynthia McAdam, former General Counsel of Lemon, and Federico Murrone, Martin Apesteguia and Fabian Cuesta, each a former employee and former member of the board of directors of Lemon Argentina (the Argentine Executives). The complaint alleges breaches of employment-related contracts and breaches of fiduciary duties involving each named individual s work for  
  
   13 

third-party Xapo, Inc. and/or Xapo, Ltd. during their employment by the applicable Lemon Entity.  On January 30, 2015, the Lemon Entities filed a second amended complaint alleging breaches of employment-related contracts, breaches of fiduciary duties, and fraud, and seeking declaratory relief against Mr. Casares, Ms. McAdam, and the Argentine Executives.  The Argentine Executives entered their appearances in the litigation on July 24, 2015 and filed a motion to dismiss for inconvenient forum on September 8, 2015. That motion was heard on December 4, 2015 and granted on January 4, 2016, with an order staying the action in its entirety.  The Lemon Entities filed a notice of appeal on March 1, 2016. 
  Mr. Casares filed a cross-claim against us and Lemon, Inc. (now Lemon, LLC) on July 24, 2015, for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, unjust enrichment, and declaratory relief, all arising from the termination of his employment.  Because of the January 4, 2016 order staying the case in its entirety, the court did not rule on the motion to dismiss.  Mr. Casares filed a separate complaint against us, Lemon, LLC, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (SRS) in Delaware Chancery Court on October 7, 2015 for breach of contract and seeking a declaratory judgment.  The action concerns a December 12, 2014 settlement agreement that resolved certain disputes against other former stockholders of Lemon, Inc. arising out of our December 11, 2013 Lemon acquisition.  We, along with Lemon, LLC, moved to dismiss the complaint on October 28, 2015.  Mr. Casares responded by filing an amended complaint on January 8, 2016. LifeLock, Inc. and Lemon, LLC moved to dismiss the amended complaint. That motion was heard on September 27, 2016 and granted in part and denied in part the same day. The Court has not yet set a schedule for pretrial or trial proceedings in the case.  
  On September 19, 2016, LifeLock and its subsidiary Lemon. LLC, filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court against Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam, stemming from the December 11, 2013 merger between LifeLock and Lemon.  Specifically, the complaint alleges that both Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam breached the representations and warranties in the merger agreement and associated contracts, such as their respective non-disclosure agreement, by failing to disclose Lemon s pre-merger development of Xapo.  The complaint also alleges that Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam fraudulently induced LifeLock to enter into the merger agreement, breached their fiduciary duties to Lemon, and were unjustly enriched from their fraudulent conduct. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on October 24, 2016. The parties have not yet agreed to a briefing schedule for the motion. 
  On July 22, 2015, Miguel Avila, representing himself and seeking to represent a class of persons who acquired our securities from July 30, 2014 to July 20, 2015, inclusive, filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. His complaint alleged that Todd Davis, Christopher Power, and we violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by making materially false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts about our business, operations, and prospects, including with regard to our information security program, advertising, recordkeeping, and our compliance with the FTC Order. The complaint sought certification as a class action, compensatory damages, and attorney s fees and costs. On September 21, 2015,   four   other Company stockholders, Oklahoma Police Pension and Retirement System, Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System, Larisa Gassel, and Donna Thompson, and their respective attorneys all filed motions seeking to be appointed the lead plaintiff and lead counsel in this class action.  On October 9, 2015, the Court appointed Oklahoma Police Pension and Retirement System and Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System as lead plaintiffs. On December 10, 2015 lead plaintiffs filed a substantively similar amended complaint. Lead plaintiffs moved to lift the discovery stay imposed by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act on January 21, 2016. On February 8, 2016, we, along with Mr. Davis and Mr. Power, opposed that motion and on April 22, 2016, the Court denied lead plaintiffs  motion. We, along with Mr. Davis and Mr. Power, moved to dismiss the amended complaint on January 29, 2016. On August 3, 2016 the Court granted our motion to dismiss and later permitted lead plaintiffs until September 23, 2016 to seek leave to amend their complaint.  On September 23, 2016, lead plaintiffs moved for leave to file a proposed Second Amended Complaint, which we did not oppose.  On October 13, 2016, the Court granted lead plaintiffs  motion for leave to file a second amended complaint.  On October 14, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed the Second Amended Complaint, which is substantively similar to the amended complaint but adds our President, Hilary Schneider, as a named defendant. We, along with Ms. Schneider and Messrs. Davis and Power will move to dismiss the Second Amend Complaint by December 16, 2016, pursuant to a schedule stipulated by the parties and order by the Court. 
  On March 3, 2014, and March 10, 2014,   two   securities class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, against us, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power. On June 16, 2014, the court consolidated the complaints into a single action captioned In re LifeLock, Inc. Securities Litigation and appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On August 15, 2014, the lead plaintiff filed the Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the Consolidated Amended Complaint), seeking to represent a class of persons who acquired our securities from February 26, 2013 to May 16, 2014, inclusive (the Class Period). The Consolidated Amended Complaint alleged that we, along with Mr. Davis, Mr. Power, and Ms. Schneider, violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, by making materially false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts regarding certain of our business, operational, and compliance policies, including with regard to certain of our services, our data security program, and Mr. Davis  compliance with the FTC Order. The Consolidated Amended Complaint alleged that, as a result, certain of our financial statements issued during the Class Period and certain public statements made by Ms. Schneider, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power during the Class Period, were false and misleading. The Consolidated Amended Complaint sought certification as a class action, compensatory damages, and  
  
   14 

attorneys  fees and costs. On December 17, 2014, the court granted our and the other defendants  motion and dismissed the Consolidated Amended Complaint, giving the lead plaintiff   21   days to seek leave to amend. On January 16, 2015, lead plaintiff filed his Second Consolidated Amended Complaint which contained similar allegations, but no longer named Ms. Schneider as a defendant. On July 21, 2015, the court granted our and the other defendants  motion to dismiss the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint, without leave to amend, and entered judgment in our favor. On August 18, 2015, the lead plaintiff along with another stockholder, City of Hallandale Beach Police and Firefighters  Personnel Retirement Fund, moved to vacate the judgment on the grounds that the FTC s July 21, 2015 motion seeking to hold us in contempt of the FTC Order constituted surprise and newly discovered evidence. Plaintiffs also sought permission to file a Third Consolidated Amended Complaint. We, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power opposed plaintiffs  motion. On September 18, 2015, the court denied plaintiffs  motion to vacate the July 21, 2015 judgment and plaintiffs  request to file another complaint. On September 21, 2015, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Plaintiffs appeal from the lower court s July 21, 2015 order dismissing the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint and entering judgment in our favor, and the court s September 18, 2015 order denying plaintiffs  motion to vacate that judgment. Briefing of the appeal has been completed, but oral argument on the appeal has not been set by the Ninth Circuit.     
  We are subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate disposition of these matters and those discussed above, we believe, based upon the information available at this time, that, except as disclosed above, a material adverse outcome related to the matters is neither probable nor estimable. 
  
   15 

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015, (the fiscal 2015 Form 10-K). This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions and  strategies, including our expectations and beliefs and intentions regarding our services, the identity theft protection services industry and competitive landscape, our strategic partner channel, our investments, our expected expenditures for new member acquisitions and to grow our business, investments in sales and marketing and in technology and development, future operations, future financial position, fluctuations in our financial performance from period to period, future revenue, projected expenses, our ability to fund continuing operations and plans and objectives of management and adapt our products and service offerings to evolving regulatory or data source requirements . In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   project,   will,   would,   should,   could,   can,   predict,   potential,   continue,   objective,  or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.  
  These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and involve known risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
  Overview 
  We are a leading provider of proactive identity theft protection services for consumers and consumer risk management services for enterprises. In our consumer business, we help protect our members by monitoring identity-related events, such as new account openings, credit-related applications and other non-credit related information. If we detect that someone is using a member s personally identifiable information, we offer notifications and alerts, including actionable alerts for certain new account openings and applications, and allow our members to confirm valid or unauthorized identity use. If a member confirms that the use of his or her identity is unauthorized, we can take actions designed to help protect the member s identity and help determine whether there has been an identity theft. In the event that an identity theft has actually occurred, we can take actions designed to help rectify the impact of the theft of the member s identity through our remediation services. Our remediation service team works directly with government agencies, merchants, and creditors to help remediate the impact of the identity theft event utilizing our remediation expertise on behalf of our members. In our enterprise business, we help protect our enterprise customers by delivering on-demand identity risk, identity-authentication, and credit information about consumers. Our enterprise customers utilize this information to make decisions about additional steps required before opening or modifying accounts and providing products, services, or credit to consumers to reduce financial losses from identity fraud. 
  The foundation of our identity theft protection services is the LifeLock ecosystem. This ecosystem combines large data repositories of personally identifiable information and consumer transactions, proprietary predictive analytics, and a scalable technology platform. Our members and enterprise customers enhance our ecosystem by continually contributing to the identity and transaction data in our repositories. We apply predictive analytics to the data in our repositories to provide our members and enterprise customers actionable intelligence that helps protect against identity theft and identity fraud.  
  We derive the substantial majority of our revenue from member subscription fees from our consumer business. We primarily offer our identity theft protection services to consumer subscribers under our LifeLock Standard, LifeLock Advantage, LifeLock Ultimate Plus, and LifeLock Junior Services. We also offer LifeLock Benefit Elite, identity theft protection, created specifically for employers and brokers to offer as a benefit for employees. Our consumer services are offered on a monthly or annual subscription basis. Our average revenue per member is lower than our retail list prices due to wholesale or bulk pricing that we offer to strategic partners in our embedded product, employee benefits, and breach distribution channels to drive our membership growth. In our embedded product channel, our strategic partners embed our consumer services into their products and services and pay us on behalf of their customers; in our employee benefit channel, employers primarily offer our consumer services as a voluntary benefit as part of their employee benefit enrollment process; and in our breach channel, enterprises that have experienced a data breach pay us a fee to provide our services to the victims of  
  
   16 

the data breach. We also offer special discounts and promotions from time to time as incentives to prospective members to enroll in one of our consumer services. Our members pay us the full subscription fee at the beginning of each subscription period, in most cases by authorizing us to directly charge their credit or debit cards. We initially record the subscription fee as deferred revenue and then recognize it ratably on a daily basis over the subscription period. The prepaid subscription fees enhance our visibility of revenue and allow us to collect cash prior to paying our fulfillment partners. 
  We also derive revenue from transaction fees from our enterprise customers.  Our enterprise customers pay us based on their monthly volume of transactions with us, with over 30% of our enterprise customers committed to monthly transaction minimums. We recognize revenue at the end of each month based on transaction volume for that month and bill our enterprise customers at the conclusion of each month. 
  We have historically invested significantly in new member acquisition and expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Our largest operating expense is advertising for member acquisition, which we record as a sales and marketing expense. This is comprised of radio, television, and print advertisements; direct mail campaigns; online display advertising; paid search and search-engine optimization; third-party endorsements; and education programs. We also pay internal and external sales commissions, which we record as a sales and marketing expense. In general, increases in revenue and cumulative ending members occur during and after periods of significant and effective direct retail marketing efforts. 
  Our Business Model 
  We operate our business and our Chief Operating Decision Maker, or CODM, who is our CEO and President, reviews and assesses our operating performance using two reportable segments: our consumer segment and our enterprise segment. We review and assess our operating performance primarily using segment revenue, income (loss) from operations, total assets and other key financial and operating metrics discussed below. These performance measures include the allocation of operating expenses to our reportable segments based on management s specific identification of costs associated to those segments. 
  Consumer Services 
  We evaluate the lifetime value of a member relationship     over its anticipated lifecycle. While we generally incur member acquisition costs in advance of or at the time we acquire the member, we recognize revenue ratably over the subscription period. As a result, a member relationship is not profitable at the beginning of the subscription period even though it is likely to have value to us over the lifetime of the member relationship. 
  When a member s subscription automatically renews in each successive period, the relative value of that member increases because we do not incur significant incremental acquisition costs. We also benefit from decreasing fulfillment and member support costs related to that member, as well as economies of scale in our capital and operating and other support expenditures. 
  Enterprise Services 
  In our enterprise business, the majority of our costs relate to personnel primarily responsible for data analytics, data management, software development, sales and operations, and various support functions.  Our enterprise customers typically provide us with their customer transaction data as part of our service, allowing us to build and refine our models without incurring significant third-party data expenses. We continually evaluate third-party data sources and acquire data from such sources when we believe such data will enhance the performance of our models. New customer acquisition is often a lengthy process.  We make a significant investment in the sales team, including costs related to detailed retrospective data analysis to help demonstrate the return on investment to prospective customers had our services been deployed over a specific period of time. Because most of our enterprise business expenses are fixed, we typically incur modest incremental costs when we add new enterprise customers, resulting in additional economies of scale. 
  Key Metrics 
  We regularly review a number of operating and financial metrics to evaluate our business, determine the allocation of our resources, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, make corporate strategy decisions, and assess operational efficiencies. 
  
   17 

Key Operating Metrics 
  The following table summarizes our key operating metrics:    

  Cumulative ending members.   We calculate cumulative ending members as the total number of members at the end of the relevant period. The majority of our members are paying subscribers who have enrolled in our consumer services directly with us on a monthly or annual basis. Other members receive our consumer services through third-party entities that pay us directly because of a breach within the entity. Entities also embed our service within a broader third-party offering, or as an employee benefit paid for by the member's employer, which adds to our member total. We monitor cumulative ending members because it provides an indication of the revenue and expenses that we expect to recognize in the future. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our cumulative ending member base   increased     8%   year over year.  Several factors drove this   increase  , including the success of our marketing campaigns, increased awareness of data breaches, media coverage of identity theft, and our member retention rate. The year over year   increase   as of   September 30, 2016   is lower than the year over year increase of 16% as of   September 30, 2015  , primarily as a result of an increase in members during the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2015   as a result of a breach at a large health insurance company in the first quarter of 2015, which resulted in our most successful gross new member quarter in our history. In addition, as a result of the FTC litigation which commenced in the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we reduced marketing expenses with our strategic partners and certain other campaigns resulting in reduced enrollments. While new member growth from our direct to consumer channel has improved through the first   nine   months of 2016, we do not expect new member growth from our strategic partner channel to return to previous levels for several quarters. We have also experienced an increase in cancellations through the first   nine   months of 2016 due to the expiration of a large number of breach contracts and a higher number of cancellations from our online affiliates. 
  
   18 

Gross new members.   We calculate gross new members as the total number of new members who enroll in one of our consumer services during the relevant period. Many factors may affect the volume of gross new members in each period, including the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, the timing of our marketing programs, the effectiveness of our strategic partnerships, and the general level of identity theft coverage in the media, including the occurrence of material breach events. In addition, enrollments from our employee benefit channel are expected to be heavily weighted to the fourth fiscal quarter when the majority of employers have open enrollment periods. We monitor gross new members because it provides an indication of the revenue and expenses that we expect to recognize in the future. Gross new members   increased     1%   for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   and   decreased     9%   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods last year.  The   decrease   in our gross new members for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to the media attention related to the large breach at a health insurance company in the first quarter of 2015, which resulted in our most successful gross new member quarter in our history. In addition, we continue to develop the strategic partner channel which was significantly impacted by the FTC litigation which commenced in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Due to the impact of the FTC litigation and a shift to focus on larger partners, we do not expect the strategic partner channel to have a material impact in the current year, but we expect the channel to have a positive impact in future years. 
  Member retention rate.   We define member retention rate as the percentage of members on the last day of the prior year who remain members on the last day of the current year. Similarly, for quarterly presentations, we use the percentage of members on the last day of the comparable quarterly period in the prior year who remain members on the last day of the current quarterly period. A number of factors may increase our member retention rate, including increases in the proportion of members enrolled on an annual subscription, increases in the number of alerts a member receives, and increases in the proportion of members enrolled through strategic partners with whom the member has a strong association. Conversely, factors that may reduce our member retention rate include increases in the number of members enrolled on a monthly subscription and the end of enrollment programs in our embedded product and breach channels. In addition, the length of time a member has been enrolled in one of our services will affect our member retention rate with longer-term members having a positive impact.  Historically, the member retention rate for our premium services has been lower than the member retention rate for our basic-level services, which we believe is driven primarily by the price difference of those services. 
  
  Our member retention rate as of   September 30, 2016   was significantly impacted by the high number of cancellations of members who enrolled during the first quarter of 2015 as a result of the breach at a large health insurance company who failed to renew on their first anniversary during the first   nine   months of 2016. Historically the first renewal date for our members is when we experience our lowest member retention. In addition, there was a large number of cancellations in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   from oil and gas employers within our employee benefit channel as a result of a downturn in the oil and gas industry. We also saw a number of cancellations which resulted from the expiration of breach contracts. In addition we experienced an increase in cancellations in the last six months of fiscal 2015 associated with the announcement of  
  
   19 

the FTC litigation. As our retention rate is determined on an annual basis these factors will continue to impact the annual retention rate for several quarters. We also continue to see an on-going shift of our enrollments to premium products and monthly billing plans. Both of these cohorts tend to have slightly higher cancellation rates than our standard product and annual payment plans, so we expect this trend to continue. We further expect that our retention rates may be affected by payments to class members related to our FTC litigation related Ebarle class action that began during the fourth quarter of 2016.  
  Average cost of acquisition per member.   We calculate average cost of acquisition per member as our sales and marketing expense for our consumer segment during the relevant period divided by our gross new members for the period. A number of factors may influence this metric, including shifts in the mix of our media spend. For example, when we engage in marketing efforts to build our brand, our short-term cost of acquisition per member increases with the expectation that it will decrease over the long term as marketing spend decreases. In addition, when we introduce new partnerships, such as partnerships in our embedded product channel, our average cost of acquisition per member may decrease due to the volume of members that enroll in our consumer services in a relatively short period of time. The average cost of acquisition per member is typically lowered by enrollments in the employee benefit channel which typically have a much lower cost of acquisition and are expected to occur predominately in the fourth fiscal quarter when the majority of employers hold open enrollment. We monitor average cost of acquisition per member to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing programs in acquiring new members. Our average cost of acquisition per member   increased   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   when compared with the same periods in the prior year as a result of our continued investment in our sales and marketing efforts and a decrease in gross new members period over period due in part to the impact of the breach at a large health insurance company in the first quarter of 2015. As a result of the high level of impacted people and the media coverage related to this breach, we were able to acquire a high number of gross new members at a lower cost of acquisition in the first half of 2015 as compared to our typical cost of acquisition, including the cost of acquisition in the first   nine   months of 2016. In addition, we believe that as a result of the FTC matter, enrollments through relationships with strategic partners were lower in the first nine months of 2016 than in prior periods. Generally, as with our employee benefits channel, enrollments through relationships with strategic partners are at a lower average cost of acquisition per member.  
  Our member retention rate and the increasing monthly average revenue per member, primarily from the continued penetration of our premium service offerings, results in a higher lifetime value of a member relationship. This enables us to absorb a higher average cost of acquisition per member and still recognize value over the lifetime of our member relationships.  
  Monthly average revenue per member.   We calculate monthly average revenue per member as our consumer revenue during the relevant period divided by the average number of cumulative ending members during the relevant period (determined by taking the average of the cumulative ending members at the beginning of the relevant period and the cumulative ending members at the end of each month in the relevant period), divided by the number of months in the relevant period. A number of factors may influence this metric, including whether a member enrolls in one of our premium services; whether we offer the member any promotional discounts upon enrollment; the distribution channel through which we acquire the member, as we offer wholesale pricing in our embedded product, employee benefit, and breach channels; and whether a new member subscribes on a monthly or annual basis, as members enrolling on an annual subscription receive a discount for paying for a year in advance. While our retail list prices have historically remained unchanged, we have seen our monthly average revenue per member increase primarily due to increased adoption of our premium services by a greater percentage of our members, a trend we expect to continue. We monitor monthly average revenue per member because it is a strong indicator of revenue in our consumer business and of the performance of our premium services.  
  
   20 

Our monthly average revenue per member   increased   approximately   3%   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase  s resulted primarily from the continued success of our premium service offerings, which accounted for more than 40% of our gross new members for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  . Monthly average revenue per member growth has been negatively impacted by the slow-down in the strategic partner channel which typically has a higher premium mix of members. 
  Enterprise transactions.   Our enterprise transactions are processed by ID Analytics, our wholly owned subsidiary, and are calculated as the total number of enterprise transactions processed for either an identity risk or credit risk score during the relevant period.  Enterprise transactions have historically been higher in the fourth quarter as the level of credit applications and general consumer spending increases. We monitor the volume of enterprise transactions because it is a strong indicator of revenue in our enterprise business.  
  Enterprise transactions   increased     39%   and   31%   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  Enterprise transactions   increased   as we continued to add net new customers and to expand our offerings with our existing customer base.    
  Key Financial Metrics 
  The following table summarizes our key financial metrics:   

  Please see descriptions and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures below. 
  
   21 

Adjusted Net Income 
  Adjusted net income is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets, stock-based compensation, income tax benefits and expenses resulting from changes in our deferred tax assets, and acquisition related expenses. For the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , we also excluded the expenses for the FTC and related litigation and the impact of a legal reserve for the settlement of a derivative lawsuit.  In addition, for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , we excluded the impact of the legal reserve for a settlement of a class action lawsuit and expenses for the FTC and related litigation.  Adjusted net income is a key measure we use to understand and evaluate our operating performance and trends. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted net income can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business, and reflects a metric that management reviews in the evaluation of our business. 
  Accordingly, we believe that adjusted net income provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as we do. We believe that the exclusion of certain items of income and expense from net income (loss) in calculating adjusted net income is useful because (i) the amount of such income and expense in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying operational performance of our business, and/or (ii) such income and expense can vary significantly between periods as a result of new acquisitions and full amortization of previously acquired intangible assets.  
  Our use of adjusted net income has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: 
             
    although amortization of intangible assets is a non-cash charge, additional intangible assets may be acquired in the future and adjusted net income does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for new acquisitions; 
                
    adjusted net income does not reflect the cash requirements for the class action lawsuit and the FTC and related litigation; 
                
    adjusted net income does not reflect the cash requirements for new acquisitions; 
                
    adjusted net income does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    adjusted net income does not consider the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; 
                
    adjusted net income does not reflect the deferred income tax benefit from the release of the valuation allowance or income tax expenses which reduce our deferred tax asset for net operating losses or other net changes in deferred tax assets; 
                
    adjusted net income does not reflect the expenses incurred for new acquisitions; and 
                
    other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted net income (loss) or similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
     Because of these limitations, you should consider adjusted net income alongside other financial performance measures, including various net income (loss), cash flow metrics, and our other U.S. GAAP results. The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted net income for applicable items of income and expense that impacted each of the periods indicated:   

22 

Adjusted EBITDA 
  Adjusted EBITDA is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, interest expense, interest income, other income (expense), income tax (benefit) expense, and acquisition related expenses. For the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , we also excluded the expenses for the FTC and related litigation and the impact of a legal reserve for the settlement of the derivative lawsuit.  In addition, for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , we excluded the impact of the legal reserve for a settlement with a class action lawsuit and expenses for the FTC and related litigation. We have included adjusted EBITDA in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because it is a key measure we use to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget, and to develop short- and long-term operational plans. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business, and reflects a metric that management reviews in the evaluation of our business. Additionally, adjusted EBITDA is a key financial measure used in determining management s incentive compensation. 
  Accordingly,     we believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as we do. We believe that the exclusion of certain items of income and expense from net income (loss) in calculating adjusted EBITDA is useful because (i) the amount of such income and expense in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying operational performance of our business, and/or (ii) such income and expense can vary significantly between periods as a result of new acquisitions and full amortization of previously acquired intangible assets. 
  Our use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: 
             
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements  ; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the cash requirements for the class action lawsuit and the FTC and related litigation; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs  ; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not consider the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash interest income or expense; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
                
    adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the expenses incurred for new acquisitions; and 
                
    other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
     
   23 

Because of these limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including various net income (loss), cash flow metrics, and our other U.S. GAAP results. The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA for applicable items of income and expense that impacted each of the periods indicated:   

  Free Cash Flow 
  Free cash flow is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net cash provided by operating activities less net cash used in investing activities for acquisitions of property and equipment.  Additionally, we add or deduct legal settlements paid or received, respectively, and we also adjust for expenses paid for the FTC matters and related litigation.  We use free cash flow as a measure of our operating performance; for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget; to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business; to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies; to provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance; to determine capital requirements; to facilitate a comparison of our results with those of other companies; and in communications with our board of directors concerning our financial performance. 
  We use free cash flow to evaluate our business because, although it is similar to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, we believe it typically presents a more conservative measure of cash flow as purchases of property and equipment are necessary components of ongoing operations. We believe that this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure is useful in evaluating our business because free cash flow reflects the cash surplus available to fund the expansion of our business, excluding expenses related to the FTC litigation and settlement, after payment of capital expenditures relating to the necessary components of ongoing operations. We also believe that the use of free cash flow provides consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations.  
  Although free cash flow is frequently used by investors in their evaluations of companies, free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: 
             
    free cash flow does not reflect our future requirements for contractual commitments to third- party providers; 
                
    free cash flow does not reflect the cash requirements or recoveries for legal settlements or expenses paid for the the FTC and related litigation; 
                
    free cash flow does not reflect the non-cash component of employee compensation or depreciation and amortization of property and equipment; and 
                
    other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate free cash flow or similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
     
   24 

Free cash flow does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash requirements. Because of these limitations, you should consider free cash flow alongside other financial performance measures, including net cash provided by operating activities, net income (loss), and our other U.S. GAAP results. The following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow for each of the periods indicated:   

  Factors Affecting Our Performance 
  Customer cost of acquisition.   We expect to continue to make significant expenditures to grow our member and enterprise customer bases. Our average cost of acquisition per member and the number of new members we generate depends on a number of factors, including the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, changes in cost of media, the competitive environment in our markets, the prevalence of identity theft issues in the media, publicity about our company, and the level of differentiation of our services. Shifts in the mix of our media spend also influence our member acquisition costs. For example, when we engage in marketing efforts to build our brand, our member acquisition costs increase in the short term with the expectation that they will decrease over the long term. We also continually test new media outlets, marketing campaigns, and call center scripting, each of which impacts our average cost of acquisition per member. In addition, given the past success of our premium services, we expect to be able to absorb a higher average cost of acquisition per member and still recognize value over the lifetime of our member relationships.  
  Mix of members by services, billing cycle, and distribution channel.   Our performance is affected by the mix of members subscribing to our various consumer services, by billing cycle (annual versus monthly), and by the distribution channel through which we acquire the member. Our adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, free cash flow, and average cost of acquisition per member are all affected by this mix. We have seen a recent shift to more monthly members, in large part due to the increase in the number of members enrolling through our embedded product and employee benefits channels in which our members enroll on a monthly basis. Since releasing our Ultimate Plus and Advantage products in the third quarter of 2014, and with subsequent changes to these product offerings,we have continued to see over 40% of our new enrollments purchase these two premium products, and have seen an increase in these premium members electing to take the product on a monthly subscription. 
  Customer retention.   Our ability to maintain our current member retention rate may be affected by a number of factors, including the effectiveness of our services, the performance of our member services organization, external media coverage of identity theft, the continued evolution of our service offerings, the competitive environment, the effectiveness of our media spend, the timing of employee benefit and breach service enrollments, and other developments. 
  Our enterprise business relies on the retention of enterprise customers to maintain the effectiveness of our services because our enterprise customers typically provide us with their customer transaction data as part of our service. Losing a significant number of these customers would reduce the breadth and effectiveness of our services. In addition, less than 1% of our overall revenue for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   was derived from direct competitors to our consumer business. As we have given notice of non-renewal to competitors in our consumer segment, we have allowed such contracts to lapse, and accordingly, this may continue to decline over time. 
  Investments to grow our business.   We expect to continue to invest to grow our business. These investments include the development and marketing of new services, including investments in our technology and development team primarily in Northern and Southern California, and the continued enhancement of our existing services. These investments will increase our operating expenses in the near term and thus may negatively impact our operating results in the short term, although we anticipate that these investments will grow and improve our business over the long term. 
  
   25 

Regulatory developments.    Our business is subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities. Any changes to the existing applicable laws, regulations, or rules or the interpretation thereof by regulatory authorities; any determination that other laws, regulations, or rules are applicable to us; or any determination that we have violated any of these laws, regulations, or rules could adversely affect our operating results. The business of some of our vendors, data providers and enterprise customers may also by subject to regulation by such governmental authorities and changes in applicable laws, regulations or rules applicable to them may as a result require us to adapt our product and service offerings in a timely manner. As previously disclosed, in 2010, we entered into an order with the FTC (the FTC Order). In 2010, at the same time we entered into the FTC Order, we entered into companion orders with 35 states' attorneys general that imposed on us injunctive provisions similar to the FTC Order relating to our advertising and marketing of our identity theft protection services. On July 21, 2015, the FTC initiated a contempt action alleging that we violated the FTC Order, which we refer to as the FTC Contempt Action. On December 17, 2015, the FTC approved a comprehensive settlement agreement, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action and provided a mechanism to fund a settlement in the Ebarle Class Action (as described in more detail in Part II, Item 1 -   Legal Proceedings  ). Under the terms of the settlement, $100 million was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action, $68 million of which was distributed to the court overseeing the Ebarle Class Action to fund the consumer redress contemplated by that settlement, which was approved by the court, and the remaining $32 million of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court. While the Ebarle Class Action court ruling has been appealed by certain objectors in the case, the $68 million redress checks have been distributed to consumers who are members of the class. At this stage, we are not aware of proceedings initiated against us by any states  attorneys general, alleging that we violated the companion orders from 2010. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have $3 million accrued for a potential settlement with states  attorneys general. The ultimate resolution of the matter with the states  attorneys general is uncertain and may involve a materially higher settlement than $3 million. 
  We collect and remit sales tax in several states related to the sale of our consumer services. Other states or one or more other jurisdictions could seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us in the future. A successful assertion by any state or other jurisdiction that we should be collecting sales or other taxes on the sale of our services could, among other things, increase the cost of our services, create significant administrative burdens for us, result in substantial tax liabilities, discourage current members and other consumers from purchasing our services, or otherwise substantially harm our business and operating results. 
  For a discussion of additional factors and risks facing our business, see  Risk Factors  in Part II Item 1A. of this Form 10-Q, in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the SEC. 
  Basis of Presentation and Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
  We operate our business and our CODM reviews and assesses our operating performance using two reportable segments: our consumer segment and our enterprise segment. We review and assess our operating performance using segment revenue, income (loss) from operations, total assets and our key financial and operating metrics. These performance measures include the allocation of operating expenses to our reportable segments based on management s specific identification of costs associated to those segments. 
  Revenue 
  We derive revenue in our consumer segment primarily from fees paid by our members for identity theft protection services offered on a subscription basis. Our members subscribe to our consumer services on a monthly or annual, automatically renewing basis and pay us the full subscription fee at the beginning of each subscription period, in most cases by authorizing us to directly charge their credit or debit cards. In some cases, we offer members a free trial period, which is typically 30 days. Our members may cancel their membership with us at any time without penalty and, when they do, we issue a refund for the unused portion of the canceled membership. We recognize revenue for member subscriptions ratably on a daily basis from the latter of cash receipt, activation of a member s account, or expiration of free trial periods to the end of the subscription period. 
  We also provide consumer services for which the primary customer is an enterprise purchasing identity theft protection services on behalf of its employees or customers. In such cases, we defer revenue for each member until the member s account has been activated. We then recognize revenue ratably on a daily basis over the term of the subscription period. 
  We derive revenue in our enterprise segment from fees paid by our enterprise customers for fraud and risk solutions, which we generally provide under multi-year contracts, many of which renew automatically. Our enterprise customers pay us based on their monthly volume of transactions with us, and approximately 30% of them are committed to paying monthly minimum fees. We recognize revenue based on a negotiated fee per transaction. Transaction fees in excess of any of the monthly minimum fees are billed and recorded as revenue in addition to the monthly minimum fees. In some instances, we receive up-front non-refundable payments against which the monthly minimum fees are applied. The up-front non-refundable payments are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue monthly over the usage period. If an enterprise customer  
  
   26 

does not meet its monthly minimum fee, we bill the negotiated monthly minimum fee and recognize revenue for that amount. We derive a small portion of our enterprise revenue from special projects in which we are engaged to deliver a report at the end of the analysis, which we record upon delivery and acceptance of the report. 
  Cost of Services 
  Cost of services in our consumer segment consists primarily of costs associated with our member services organization and fulfillment partners. Our member support operations include wages and benefits for personnel performing these functions and facility costs directly associated with our sales and service delivery functions. We also pay fees to third-party service providers related to the fulfillment of our consumer services, including the premiums associated with the identity theft insurance that we provide to our members, and merchant credit card fees. 
  Costs of services in our enterprise segment primarily includes wages and benefits of personnel, and the facility costs that are directly associated with the data analytics and data management. 
  We expect our cost of services to increase to the extent we continue to increase the number of our members and enterprise customers. Our cost of services is heavily affected by prevailing salary levels, which affect our internal direct costs and fees paid to third-party service providers. Accordingly, increases in the market rate for wages would increase our cost of services. 
  Gross Margin 
  Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue, or gross margin, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors. Increases in personnel and facility costs directly associated with the provision of our services can negatively affect our gross margin.  Our gross margin can also be affected by higher fulfillment costs due to enhancements in our services or the introduction of new services, such as the addition of insurance coverage in our consumer services. A significant increase in the number of members we enroll through our strategic partner distribution channels can also negatively affect our gross margin because we offer wholesale pricing to our strategic partners. In prior periods, sales taxes we paid on behalf of our members, and settlements with state tax authorities, also negatively affected our gross margin. Conversely, operating efficiencies in our member services organization can improve our gross margin. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate from period to period depending on all of these factors. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of direct response advertising and online search costs, commissions paid on a per-member basis to our online affiliates and on a percentage of revenue basis to our co-marketing partners, and wages and benefits for sales and marketing personnel. Direct response marketing costs include television, radio, and print advertisements as well as costs to create and produce these advertisements. Online search costs consist primarily of pay-per-click payments to search engines and other online advertising media, such as banner ads. We expense advertising costs as incurred, and historically, they have occurred unevenly across periods. Our sales and marketing expenses also include payments related to our sponsorship and promotional partners. In order to continue to grow our business and the awareness of our services, we plan to continue to commit substantial resources to our sales and marketing efforts. As a result, for the near term, we expect our sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars and vary as a percentage of revenue, depending on the timing of those expenses and our revenue. 
  Technology and Development 
  Technology and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs incurred in product development, maintenance and testing of our websites, enhancing our existing services and developing new services, internal information systems and infrastructure, data privacy and security systems, third-party development, and other internal-use software systems. Our development costs are primarily incurred in the United States and are directed at enhancing our existing service offerings and developing new service offerings. In order to continue to grow our business and enhance our services, we plan to continue to commit resources to technology and development.  In addition, ID Analytics has historically spent a higher portion of its revenue on technology and development. As a result, we expect our technology and development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future. 
  General and Administrative 
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, professional fees, and facility-related expenses associated with our internal support functions. Our professional fees principally consist of outside legal, auditing, accounting, and other consulting fees. Legal costs included within our general and administrative expenses also include costs incurred to litigate and settle various legal matters, including the FTC related litigation. We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we hire additional personnel and expand our office facilities to support our overall growth and incur additional costs associated with our public company and regulatory compliance.  
  
   27 

Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 
  Amortization of acquired intangible assets is the amortization expense associated with core technology, customer relationships, trade names and trademarks, and assembled workforce resulting from business acquisitions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $21.8 million   in intangible assets, net of amortization, as a result of our acquisitions.  The acquired intangible assets have useful lives of between one and ten years and we expect to recognize approximately $10.3 million of amortization expense in the year ending December 31,   2016  . 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  We are subject to federal income tax as well as state income tax in various states in which we conduct business. Our effective tax rate for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , approximated the U.S. federal statutory tax rate plus the impact of state taxes and permanent and other temporary differences.  
  Results of Operations 
  Comparison of the   Three- and Nine-  Month Periods Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Total Revenue   

  Consumer revenue   increase  d by   $17.0 million   and   $59.1 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase   resulted primarily from the   increase   in the number of our members, which grew   8%   to approximately   4.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   September 30, 2015  .  In addition, our monthly average revenue per member   increased     3%   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase   in members and monthly average revenue per member resulted from the continued success of our premium service offerings, including our LifeLock Advantage and LifeLock Ultimate Plus services, and our advertising and marketing campaigns designed to increase the overall awareness of our services and identity theft. However, the   increase   in members and monthly average revenue per member were slowed primarily due to the weakness in our strategic partner channel as a result of the FTC litigation in the third fiscal quarter of 2015 and a focus on larger partners, and therefore we do not expect this channel to provide significant new members in 2016. 
  Enterprise revenue   increase  d by   $1.3 million   and   $3.6 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase  s are attributable to the growth of our enterprise customer base and expansion of our offerings to our current customer base.  
  Cost of Services and Gross Profit   

  Gross profit   increase  d by   $17.5 million   and   $47.7 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase  s resulted primarily from   increase  d revenue associated with the growth in the number of our members and   increased   monthly average revenue per member.  Gross margin for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   remained flat, primarily attributable to costs incurred in the second quarter with respect to the migration of credit services for premium members to our new data platform, which resulted in additional expense  
  
   28 

of approximately $6.0 million that would have been spread out over the remainder of our fiscal year under our previous data platform.    
  Sales and Marketing   

  Sales and marketing expenses   increase  d by   $5.6 million   and   $31.0 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year. The   increase  s resulted from increased advertising expenses, external sales commissions, and personnel costs, including increased non-cash stock-based compensation.  The   increase   in our sales and marketing expenses reflected our investment to drive new membership growth, our continued advertising of our premium service offerings, and our efforts to highlight the growing identity theft issue and to educate consumers.  
  Technology and Development   

  Technology and development expenses   increase  d by   $1.0 million   and   $8.6 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The   increase  s resulted primarily from increased personnel costs, including non-cash stock-based compensation, which were primarily the result of continuing to expand our product and technology team, primarily in Silicon Valley in Northern California. In addition, we also made investments in product enhancements, security, infrastructure, and market research. 
  General and Administrative   

  General and administrative expenses   decrease  d by   $99.1 million   and   $87.1 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year. The   decrease   relates primarily to the third quarter 2015 accrual of $96 million for the settlement with the FTC and a national class of consumers as part of the Ebarle Class Action, to resolve outstanding litigation, and a potential settlement with certain states' attorneys general in addition to a decrease in legal fees associated with such matters, which caused general and administrative expenses to be significantly higher than usual for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended September 30, 2015.  The   decrease  s were partially offset by an increase in personnel costs, including non-cash stock-based compensation, and additional costs associated with our regulatory compliance,  and office expansion. In the second quarter of 2016, we accrued $6.0 million for the settlement of  securities derivative lawsuits, which was paid in the third quarter of 2016.  
  
   29 

Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets   

  Amortization of acquired intangible assets   decrease  d by   $0.1 million   and   increase  d   $2.1 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods last year.  The period over period increase and quarter over quarter decrease is due to the acceleration of amortization of our technology intangible asset acquired in the Lemon acquisition and an assembled workforce intangible asset acquired in 2015, which were fully amortized through the second quarter of 2016.    
  Other Income   

  Other income remained generally flat for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   third   quarter 2015, and   increase  d   $0.2 million   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period last year. The   increase   in the   nine  -month period was primarily due to the increase in interest income on our marketable securities.   
  Income Tax Expense (Benefit)   

  Our effective tax rate for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate plus the impact of state taxes as a result of tax return to provision adjustments which resulted in an income tax benefit of   $0.8 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively.   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $34.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents, which consisted of cash and money market funds, and   $131.3 million   in marketable securities, which consisted of corporate bonds, municipal bonds, government securities, agency securities, commercial paper, and certificates of deposit.  We classify our marketable securities as short-term regardless of contractual maturity based on our ability to liquidate those investments for use in current operations. Additionally, we have a revolving line of credit, described below. We did not draw on the line of credit during the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding debt.  We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months, including amounts reserved for potential legal settlements.  However, our future liquidity and capital requirements may vary materially from our expectations depending on many factors, including, but not limited to our revenues and gross margins, our cash flows from operations, the timing of payments with respect to the settlements, expenses  
  
   30 

and judgments related to our litigation matters, future disputes or litigation, and the availability of our revolving line of credit.  We may need to seek additional capital and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
  Operating Activities 
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  , operating activities generated   $26.3 million   in cash despite a net loss of   $4.4 million  , resulting from adjustments for non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization of   $17.1 million  , stock-based compensation of   $25.5 million  , and an income tax benefit of   $3.8 million  .  We also had an increase in deferred revenue related to the overall growth of our business which provided operating cash of   $22.6 million   and we had a decrease in operating cash as a result of changes in other operating assets and liabilities of   $33.0 million  , which included payments for previously accrued legal settlements of $21.1 million. 
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2015  , operating activities generated   $75.7 million   in cash as a result of a net loss of   $73.8 million  , adjusted by non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization of   $13.3 million  , stock-based compensation of   $20.3 million  , and an income tax benefit of   $27.8 million  .  An increase in deferred revenue related to the overall growth of our business provided operating cash of   $25.6 million   and positive net operating cash flows of   $115.4 million   from other operating assets and liabilities. 
  Investing Activities 
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  , we used   $11.3 million   of cash to acquire property and equipment, primarily computer equipment and software, including personnel and third-party costs related to internally developed software, as we continue to expand our team and enhance our service, and we paid   $4.3 million   of premiums for company-owned life insurance policies. In addition, we had net cash inflows of   $64.4 million   attributable to the maturities and coupon payments of our marketable securities.   
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2015  , we acquired BitYota, Inc. for   $12.8  , we used   $9.1 million   of cash to acquire property and equipment primarily attributable to the expansion of our office locations, we invested a net   $68.9 million   of cash in marketable securities, and we paid   $4.3 million   of premiums for company-owned life insurance policies. 
  Financing Activities 
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2016  , net cash used in financing activities was   $90.5 million   as a result of cash paid related to the repurchase of our common stock of   $100.0 million  , primarily under our accelerated share repurchase programs, and   $6.2 million   paid for employee withholding tax related to net distributions of restricted stock units and restricted stock, offset by cash received from the exercise of stock options of   $15.8 million  .  
  For the   nine-month period ended September 30, 2015  , financing activities generated net cash of   $8.4 million   as a result of cash received from the exercise of stock options of   $10.1 million  , offset by   $1.7 million   paid for employee withholding tax related to net distributions of restricted stock units and restricted stock. 
  Debt Obligations   
  Senior Credit Facility 
  There have been no changes in our Credit Agreement and related documents with Bank of America, which we refer to as our Senior Credit Facility, from the disclosure in our fiscal 2015 Form 10-K.  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all the covenants of the Senior Credit Facility.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding letters of credit in the amount of   $1.3 million   in connection with certain leases for office space, and no other amounts were outstanding.  
  Contractual Obligations 
  In April 2016, we entered into a nine-year lease agreement for an office building in Mountain View, CA.  The total expected minimum operating lease commitment is   $42.4 million  , which is accounted for as a build-to-suit lease.  We have an option to renew the lease for an additional seven-year term.  There were no other material changes in our commitments under contractual obligations to those disclosed in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, nor do we have any interest in entities referred to as variable interest entities. 
  
   31 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, and stock-based compensation have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     There have been no material changes in our primary market risk exposures or how we manage those exposures from the information disclosed in Part II, Item 7A of our fiscal    2015   Form 10-K.  For further discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, reference is made to our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Management, together with our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The purpose of this evaluation is to determine if, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective such that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to material affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
  Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, misstatements, errors, and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been or will be prevented or detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls also can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks that internal controls may become inadequate as a result of changes in conditions, or through the deterioration of the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
  
   32 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings  
     On July 21, 2015 the FTC lodged, under seal, in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, a motion seeking to hold us in contempt of the consent decree we entered into with the FTC in 2010 (the FTC Order). On December 17, 2015, we entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement with the FTC, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action and provided a mechanism to fund a settlement of the Ebarle Class Action described below. On January 19, 2015, plaintiffs Napoleon Ebarle and Jeanne Stamm filed a nationwide putative consumer class action lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. A second amended complaint was filed on November 4, 2015 on behalf of four plaintiffs who alleged that we engaged in deceptive marketing and sales practices in connection with our membership plans in violation of the Arizona Consumer Fraud Act, Breach of Contract, unjust enrichment and violation of the Federal Declaratory Judgment Act.  
  Under the terms of the FTC settlement, $100 million was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action, $68 million of which was authorized to be distributed to fund the consumer redress contemplated by the Ebarle Class Action settlement.  Those funds have been transferred to the supervision of the court overseeing the Ebarle Class Action Settlement.  
  On September 20, 2016, the court overseeing the Ebarle Class Action entered judgment and an order granting plaintiffs  motion for final approval of the parties  proposed settlement agreement, awarding plaintiffs  counsel $10.2 million in fees and costs and awarding each of the four plaintiffs $2,000 as a service award. Beginning on October 11, 2016, the Court-appointed settlement administrator distributed settlement checks to settlement class members using the  $68 million transferred in February 2016 to the court-appointed settlement administrator from the court s registry in the FTC Contempt Action.  The remaining $32 million of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court. In addition, we have $3.0 million accrued for a potential settlement with states attorneys general for related claims. 
  Appeals of the final approval order and judgment were filed by six objectors prior to the filing deadline and are pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The appeals do not impact the timing of the payment of settlement checks to settlement class members or payment of the attorneys  fees, costs and service awards to plaintiffs. A mediation assessment conference is scheduled with the Court of Appeals for November 9, 2016, in connection with the initial appeal filed, and the appeal briefs are currently due on various dates in January through March 2017.  However, the parties have agreed to consolidate the appeals which is likely to have an impact on the current schedule. 
  On August 1, 2014, our subsidiaries Lemon and Lemon Argentina, S.R.L. (Lemon Argentina, and together, the Lemon Entities) filed a lawsuit in Santa Clara Superior Court in San Jose, California, against Wenceslao Casares, former General Manager of Lemon, Cynthia McAdam, former General Counsel of Lemon, and Federico Murrone, Martin Apesteguia and Fabian Cuesta, each a former employee and former member of the board of directors of Lemon Argentina (the Argentine Executives). The complaint alleges breaches of employment-related contracts and breaches of fiduciary duties involving each named individual s work for third-party Xapo, Inc. and/or Xapo, Ltd. during their employment by the applicable Lemon Entity.  On January 30, 2015, the Lemon Entities filed a second amended complaint alleging breaches of employment-related contracts, breaches of fiduciary duties, and fraud, and seeking declaratory relief against Mr. Casares, Ms. McAdam, and the Argentine Executives.  The Argentine Executives entered their appearances in the litigation on July 24, 2015 and filed a motion to dismiss for inconvenient forum on September 8, 2015. That motion was heard on December 4, 2015 and granted on January 4, 2016, with an order staying the action in its entirety.  The Lemon Entities filed a notice of appeal on March 1, 2016. 
  Mr. Casares filed a cross-claim against us and Lemon, Inc. (now Lemon, LLC) on July 24, 2015, for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, unjust enrichment, and declaratory relief, all arising from the termination of his employment.  Because of the January 4, 2016 order staying the case in its entirety, the court did not rule on the motion to dismiss.  Mr. Casares filed a separate complaint against us, Lemon, LLC, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (SRS) in Delaware Chancery Court on October 7, 2015 for breach of contract and seeking a declaratory judgment.  The action concerns a December 12, 2014 settlement agreement that resolved certain disputes against other former stockholders of Lemon, Inc. arising out of our December 11, 2013 Lemon acquisition.  We, along with Lemon, LLC, moved to dismiss the complaint on October 28, 2015.  Mr. Casares responded by filing an amended complaint on January 8, 2016. LifeLock, Inc. and Lemon, LLC moved to dismiss the amended complaint. That motion was heard on September 27, 2016 and granted in part and denied in part the same day. The Court has not yet set a schedule for pretrial or trial proceedings in the case.  
  On September 19, 2016, LifeLock and its subsidiary Lemon. LLC, filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court against Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam, stemming from the December 11, 2013 merger between LifeLock and Lemon.  Specifically, the complaint alleges that both Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam breached the representations and warranties in the merger agreement and associated contracts, such as their respective non-disclosure agreement, by failing to disclose Lemon s pre-merger development of Xapo.  The complaint also alleges that Mr. Casares and Ms. McAdam fraudulently induced LifeLock to enter  
  
   33 

into the merger agreement, breached their fiduciary duties to Lemon, and were unjustly enriched from their fraudulent conduct. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on October 24, 2016. The parties have not yet agreed to a briefing schedule for the motion.  
  On July 22, 2015, Miguel Avila, representing himself and seeking to represent a class of persons who acquired our securities from July 30, 2014 to July 20, 2015, inclusive, filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. His complaint alleged that Todd Davis, Christopher Power, and we violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act by making materially false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts about our business, operations, and prospects, including with regard to our information security program, advertising, recordkeeping, and our compliance with the FTC Order. The complaint sought certification as a class action, compensatory damages, and attorney s fees and costs. On September 21, 2015, four other Company stockholders, Oklahoma Police Pension and Retirement System, Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System, Larisa Gassel, and Donna Thompson, and their respective attorneys all filed motions seeking to be appointed the lead plaintiff and lead counsel in this class action.  On October 9, 2015, the Court appointed Oklahoma Police Pension and Retirement System and Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System as lead plaintiffs. On December 10, 2015 lead plaintiffs filed a substantively similar amended complaint. Lead plaintiffs moved to lift the discovery stay imposed by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act on January 21, 2016. On February 8, 2016, we, along with Mr. Davis and Mr. Power, opposed that motion and on April 22, 2016, the Court denied lead plaintiffs  motion. We, along with Mr. Davis and Mr. Power, moved to dismiss the amended complaint on January 29, 2016. On August 3, 2016 the Court granted our motion to dismiss and later permitted lead plaintiffs until September 23, 2016 to seek leave to amend their complaint.  On September 23, 2016, lead plaintiffs moved for leave to file a proposed Second Amended Complaint, which we did not oppose.  On October 13, 2016, the Court granted lead plaintiffs  motion for leave to file a second amended complaint.  On October 14, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed the Second Amended Complaint, which is substantively similar to the amended complaint but adds our President, Hilary Schneider, as a named defendant. We, along with Ms. Schneider and Messrs. Davis and Power will move to dismiss the Second Amend Complaint by December 16, 2016, pursuant to a schedule stipulated by the parties and order by the Court. 
  On March 3, 2014, and March 10, 2014, two securities class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, against us, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power. On June 16, 2014, the court consolidated the complaints into a single action captioned In re LifeLock, Inc. Securities Litigation and appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On August 15, 2014, the lead plaintiff filed the Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the Consolidated Amended Complaint), seeking to represent a class of persons who acquired our securities from February 26, 2013 to May 16, 2014, inclusive (the Class Period). The Consolidated Amended Complaint alleged that we, along with Mr. Davis, Mr. Power, and Ms. Schneider, violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, by making materially false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts regarding certain of our business, operational, and compliance policies, including with regard to certain of our services, our data security program, and Mr. Davis  compliance with the FTC Order. The Consolidated Amended Complaint alleged that, as a result, certain of our financial statements issued during the Class Period and certain public statements made by Ms. Schneider, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power during the Class Period, were false and misleading. The Consolidated Amended Complaint sought certification as a class action, compensatory damages, and attorneys  fees and costs. On December 17, 2014, the court granted our and the other defendants  motion and dismissed the Consolidated Amended Complaint, giving the lead plaintiff 21 days to seek leave to amend. On January 16, 2015, lead plaintiff filed his Second Consolidated Amended Complaint which contained similar allegations, but no longer named Ms. Schneider as a defendant. On July 21, 2015, the court granted our and the other defendants  motion to dismiss the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint, without leave to amend, and entered judgment in our favor. On August 18, 2015, the lead plaintiff along with another stockholder, City of Hallandale Beach Police and Firefighters  Personnel Retirement Fund, moved to vacate the judgment on the grounds that the FTC s July 21, 2015 motion seeking to hold us in contempt of the FTC Order constituted surprise and newly discovered evidence. Plaintiffs also sought permission to file a Third Consolidated Amended Complaint. We, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Power opposed plaintiffs  motion. On September 18, 2015, the court denied plaintiffs  motion to vacate the July 21, 2015 judgment and plaintiffs  request to file another complaint. On September 21, 2015, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Plaintiffs appeal from the lower court s July 21, 2015 order dismissing the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint and entering judgment in our favor, and the court s September 18, 2015 order denying plaintiffs  motion to vacate that judgment. Briefing of the appeal has been completed, but oral argument on the appeal has not been set by the Ninth Circuit. 
  On September 23, 2015, LifeLock stockholder Sridhar Manthangodu, filed a derivative complaint captioned Manthangodu v. Davis, et al., in the Superior Court of the State of Arizona, Maricopa County (Arizona Superior Court). The complaint alleged that certain of our directors (the Director Defendants) violated their fiduciary duties to LifeLock stockholders by, among other things, failing to ensure that we complied with the FTC Order. The complaint sought unspecified monetary damages, a return to the company of all personal compensation received by the Director Defendants, unspecified corporate governance reforms, and attorney s fees.  On December 24, 2015, the Arizona Superior Court issued an Order appointing plaintiff Manthangodu lead plaintiff and his counsel lead counsel.     
  
   34 

Following the filing of the Manthangodu action, additional substantively similar stockholder derivative actions were purportedly filed on our behalf against certain of our current and former directors and officers, seeking similar relief as the Manthangodu complaint.  Specifically, on October 28, 2015, a stockholder derivative complaint captioned Gassel v. Davis, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the District Arizona (the  Arizona Federal District Court  on November 19, 2015 and November 25, 2015, two stockholders derivative complaints captioned Stein v. Davis, et al. and John L. Munson Revocable Trust v. Davis, et al., respectively, were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery; and on January 22, 2016, January 26, 2016, and February 1, 2016, three stockholders derivative complaints captioned, City of Pontiac General Employees  Retirement Sys. v. Guthrie, et al.; Jiawei v. Davis, et al.; and Sprouse v. Davis, et al., respectively, were filed in the Arizona Superior Court. The plaintiffs in the Stein and Munson actions later voluntarily dismissed their actions, and on March 23, 2016, jointly filed a derivative complaint captioned, Stein and Munson v. Davis et al., in the Arizona Superior Court.  In the Arizona Superior Court actions, from February to April 2016, the Court issued separate orders consolidating the Sprouse, City of Pontiac, Jiawei, and the Stein and the Munson actions with the Manthangodu action.  The consolidated action is captioned In re: LifeLock, Inc. Derivative Litigation, with plaintiff Manthangodu as the lead plaintiff in the consolidated action.  In the Gassel action, on April 13, 2016, on our motion, the Arizona Federal District Court granted a non-indefinite stay of that action and directed us to file a status update on the Manthangodu action, which we and the individual defendants filed on July 12, 2016 and October 10, 2016. 
  On June 30, 2016, we and the Director Defendants entered into a proposed settlement stipulation with lead plaintiff Manthangodu. In the proposed settlement stipulation, the lead plaintiff agreed to the dismissal, with prejudice, of the Manthangodu action as well as a release of any and all related stockholder claims against LifeLock and its current and former directors, officers, employees, and agents. In exchange, we and the Director Defendants agreed to continue and/or implement certain corporate governance measures and to pay attorney s fees in the amount of $6 million. On July 1, 2016, lead plaintiff filed an unopposed motion for preliminary approval of the proposed settlement stipulation. On July 8, 2016, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement stipulation, set a final approval hearing for August 30, 2016, and set August 16, 2016, as the deadline for stockholders to object to the terms of the proposed settlement stipulation.  No objections to the settlement were filed and at the August 30, 2016 hearing, the Court granted final approval of the settlement, which was followed by a September 7, 2016 written order granting approval of the settlement. On November 1, 2016, the parties in the Gassel action filed a stipulation of dismissal of that action based on the release approved in the settlement. On November 2, 2016, the Arizona Federal District Court dismissed the Gassel action with prejudice. 
    On December 23, 2015, we filed an insurance coverage action in Arizona state court against our 2013-2014 primary and excess directors' and officers' (D O) liability insurance carriers.  LifeLock s complaint alleges that the primary and excess D O insurers breached their insurance policies by wrongfully denying LifeLock defense and indemnity coverage for the various securities class action and stockholder derivative lawsuits filed against us.  LifeLock s insurance coverage action also alleges that the primary D O insurer breached its covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violated Arizona's consumer fraud statute and committed unfair insurance practices.  The insurers have filed responsive pleadings to LifeLock s complaint and discovery is scheduled to take place through August of 2017. 
  
   35 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   
  Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding to invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider each of the risk factors described in  Part I   Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our fiscal   2015   Form 10-K, and all information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Those risks and the risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in the section entitled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  could materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, and prospects. If that occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
  Excluding the settlement with the FTC and the nationwide consumer class action in fiscal year 2015, which we believe are non-recurring expenses, we have been continuously profitable on an annual basis from 2012 through 2015 after incurring significant net losses from our inception through fiscal 2011, but we may not be able to maintain profitability on an annual basis in the future. 
  Excluding the settlement with the FTC and the nationwide consumer class action in fiscal 2015, we have been continuously profitable year over year after incurring significant net losses from our inception through 2011, but we cannot predict whether we will be able to maintain profitability on an annual basis in the future. 
  Our recent growth, including our growth in revenue and customer base, may not be sustainable or our growth rate may decline, and we may not generate sufficient revenue to maintain annual profitability. Moreover, we expect to continue to make significant expenditures to maintain and expand our business and to operate as a consolidated entity with ID Analytics and our other subsidiaries. We also may incur additional costs associated with our regulatory compliance as we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations. These expenditures may make it more difficult for us to maintain future annual profitability. Our ability to maintain annual profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to attract and service customers on a profitable basis. If we are unable to maintain annual profitability, we may not be able to execute our business plan, our prospects may be harmed, and our stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 
  If the security of confidential information used in connection with our services is breached or otherwise subject to unauthorized access, our reputation and business may be materially harmed. 
  Our services require us to collect, store, use, and transmit significant amounts of confidential information, including personally identifiable information, credit card information, and other critical data. We employ a range of information technology solutions, controls, procedures, and processes designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical assets, including our data and information technology systems. While we deploy a number of measures aimed to protect against security breaches and to minimize problems if a data breach were to occur, our information technology systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, compromise, disruption, and shutdown due to attacks or breaches by hackers or due to other circumstances, such as error or malfeasance by employees or third party service providers or technology malfunction. The occurrence of any of these events, as well as a failure to promptly remedy these events should they occur, could compromise our systems, and the information stored in our systems could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, stolen, or damaged. Any such circumstance could adversely affect our ability to attract and maintain customers as well as strategic partners, cause us to suffer negative publicity, and subject us to legal claims and liabilities or regulatory penalties. In addition, unauthorized parties might alter information in our databases, which could adversely affect both the reliability of that information and our ability to market and perform our services. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, are constantly evolving and generally are difficult to recognize and react to effectively. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive or reactive measures. Several recent, highly publicized data security breaches at other companies have heightened consumer awareness of this issue and may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems or those of our strategic partners or enterprise customers. 
  Security technologies and information, including encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties, are a key aspect of our security measures designed to secure our critical assets. While we routinely seek to update these technologies and information, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, or other developments may result in the technology we use becoming obsolete, breached, or compromised and cause us to incur additional expenses associated with upgrading our security systems. In addition, security information provided to us by third parties may be inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated, which could cause us to make misinformed security decisions and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
  
   36 

Under payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks for their cost of issuing new cards and related expenses if there is a breach of payment card information that we store. In addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if there is no compromise of customer information, we could incur significant fines or lose our ability to give customers the option of using payment cards to fund their payments or pay their fees. If we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially harmed. 
  Many states have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data. In the United States, federal and state laws provide for over 45 laws and notification regimes, all of which we are subject to, and additional requirements may be instituted in the future. In the event of a data security breach, these mandatory disclosures often lead to widespread negative publicity. In addition, complying with such numerous and complex regulations in the event of a data security breach is often expensive, difficult, and time consuming, and the failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability and harm our reputation. 
  Any actual or perceived security breach, whether successful or not and whether or not attributable to the failure of our services or our information technology systems, as well as our failure to promptly and appropriately react to a breach, would likely harm our reputation, adversely affect market perception of our services, and cause the loss of customers and strategic partners. Our property and business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for losses or failures that may occur. Our third-party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk retention. 
  Our business is highly dependent upon our brand recognition and reputation, and the failure to maintain or enhance our brand recognition or reputation would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Our brand recognition and reputation are critical aspects of our business. We believe that maintaining and further enhancing our LifeLock and ID Analytics brands as well as our reputation will be critical to retaining existing customers and attracting new customers. We also believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will continue to increase as competition in our markets continues to develop. Our success in this area will be dependent on a wide range of factors, some of which are out of our control, including the following: 
             
    the efficacy of our marketing efforts; 
                
    our ability to retain existing and obtain new customers and strategic partners; 
                
    the quality and perceived value of our services; 
                
    actions of our competitors, our strategic partners, and other third parties; 
                
    positive or negative publicity, including material on the Internet; 
                
    regulatory and other governmental related developments; and 
                
    litigation related developments. 
     Sales and marketing expenses have historically been our largest operating expense, and we anticipate these expenses will continue to increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to seek to grow our business and customer base and enhance our brand. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue and the efficacy of these activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do the following: 
             
    determine the appropriate creative message and media mix for advertising, marketing, and promotional expenditures; 
                
    select the right markets, media, and specific media vehicles in which to advertise; 
                
    identify the most effective and efficient level of spending in each market, media, and specific media vehicle; and 
                
    effectively manage marketing costs, including creative and media expenses, in order to maintain acceptable customer acquisition costs. 
     Increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase our marketing and advertising expenses or cause us to choose less expensive but possibly less effective marketing and advertising channels. If we implement new marketing and advertising strategies, we may utilize marketing and advertising channels with significantly higher costs than our current channels, which in turn could adversely affect our operating results. Implementing new marketing and advertising strategies also would increase the risk of devoting significant capital and other resources to endeavors that do not prove to be cost effective. Further, we may over time become disproportionately reliant on one channel or strategic partner, which could limit our marketing and advertising flexibility and increase our operating expenses. We also may incur marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognizing revenue associated with such expenses, and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not generate sufficient levels of brand awareness or result in increased revenue. Even if our marketing and advertising expenses result in increased revenue, the increase might not offset our related  
  
   37 

expenditures. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective terms or replace or supplement existing marketing and advertising channels with similarly or more effective channels, our marketing and advertising expenses could increase substantially, our customer base could be adversely affected, and our business, operating results, financial condition, and reputation could suffer. 
  Furthermore, negative publicity, whether or not justified, relating to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, our strategic partners, our affiliates, or others associated with any of these parties, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our services and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brands may be costly and time consuming, and such efforts may not ultimately be successful. 
     We face intense competition, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our business, growth, reputation, revenue, and market share. 
  We operate in a highly competitive business environment in both our consumer and enterprise business. Our primary competitors are credit bureaus including Experian PLC, Equifax Inc., and TransUnion, as well as other entities, such as Affinion Group, EWS (Early Warning Services), Intersections Inc., CSID, LexisNexis Group and Credit Karma and other free credit monitoring services. We are also facing competition from large enterprises in the consumer, insurance and other industries offering similar products to ours powered by our competitors and at prices lower than we offer. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we possess that afford them competitive advantages. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of services, to deliver competitive services at lower prices or for free, and to introduce new solutions and respond to market developments and customer requirements more quickly than we can. Some of our competitors may also be our vendors and may be in a position to impair our ability to compete with them as a result of such relationship or threaten to do so if we chose to disengage with them. Some of our competitors may engage in deceptive or anti-competitive practices that may result in an increase in their market segment share and improve their position in the market. Consolidation of such competitors who are also vendors may adversely impact our ability to compete, the quality of service we receive from them or our ability to access data that was available to us prior to such consolidation.  In addition, some of our competitors may have data that we do not have or cannot obtain without difficulty. Any of these factors could reduce our growth, revenue, access to valuable data, or market share.  
  Our ability to compete successfully in our markets depends on a number of factors, both within and outside our control, and our inability to compete successfully in our markets may reduce the demand for our services which could adversely affect our business and prospects.  
  Some of the factors affecting our ability to compete include the following: 
             
    access to a breadth of identity and consumer transaction data; 
                
    breadth and effectiveness of service offerings, including designing and introducing new services; 
                
    brand recognition; 
                
    technology; 
                
    effectiveness and cost-efficiency of customer acquisition; 
                
    customer satisfaction; 
                
    price; 
                
    quality and reliability of customer service; and 
                
    accurate identification of appropriate target markets for our business. 
     Any failure by us to compete successfully in any one of these or similar areas may reduce the demand for our services and the robustness of the LifeLock ecosystem, as well as adversely affect our business, growth, reputation, revenue, and market share. Moreover, new competitors, alliances among our competitors, or new service introductions by our competitors may emerge and potentially adversely affect our business and prospects. 
  
   38 

We could lose our access to data sources or rely on sources that prove to be ineffective or inaccurate, which could cause us competitive harm and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Our services depend extensively upon continued access to and receipt of credible, timely and complete data from external sources, including data received from customers, vendors who are also competitors and fulfillment partners. Our data providers could stop providing data, provide untimely data, provide inaccurate or incomplete data, condition the delivery of data on additional measures that require a change to our product offerings or increase the costs for their data for a variety of reasons, including competitive considerations impacting willingness to share the data, lack of verification of the accuracy of the data, a perception that our systems are insecure as a result of a data security breach, budgetary constraints, a desire to generate additional revenue, or a contractual dispute. In addition, upon the termination of the contracts we have with certain of our enterprise customers or data providers, we are required to remove from our repositories the data contributed by and through those customers. We could also become subject to legislative, regulatory, or judicial restrictions or mandates on the collection, disclosure, or use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by our providers in a way that allows us to legally use the data or if the data delivered to us is inaccurate or incomplete. Similarly, legislative, regulatory, or judicial restrictions or mandates impacting our enterprise customers or data providers may require us to change our product offerings or services in a timely manner and the failure to do so may negatively impact us as well. If we were to lose access to a substantial number of data sources or certain key data sources or certain data already in the LifeLock ecosystem, or if our access or use were restricted or became less economical or desirable, our ability to provide our services and the efficacy and attractiveness of the LifeLock ecosystem could be negatively affected, and this would adversely affect us from a competitive standpoint. This would also adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may not be successful in maintaining our relationships with these external data source providers and may not be able to continue to obtain data from them on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain data from alternative or additional sources if our current sources become unavailable. 
  We may lose customers and significant revenue and fail to attract new customers if our existing services become less desirable or obsolete, or if we fail to develop and introduce new services with broad appeal or fail to do so in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
  The introduction of new services by competitors, the emergence of new industry standards, or the development of new technologies could render our existing or future services less desirable or obsolete. In addition, professional thieves continue to develop more sophisticated and creative methods to steal personal and financial information as consumers and enterprises today become increasingly interconnected and engage in a large number of daily activities that involve personal or financial information. Consequently, our financial performance and growth depends upon our ability to enhance and improve our existing services, develop and successfully introduce new services that generate customer interest, and sell our services in new markets. As our existing services mature, encouraging customers to purchase enhancements or upgrades becomes more challenging unless new service offerings provide features and functionality that have meaningful incremental value. To achieve market acceptance for our services, we must effectively anticipate and offer services that meet changing customer demands in a timely manner. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current services lack. In addition, any new markets in which we attempt to sell our services, including new industries, countries, or regions, may not be receptive to our service offerings. If we fail to enhance our existing services in a timely and cost-effective manner, successfully develop and introduce new services, or sell our services in new markets, our ability to retain our existing or attract new customers and our ability to create or increase demand for our services could be harmed, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  We will be required to make significant investments in developing new services and we may be unable to complete the development of new offerings and services in the anticipated time frame or cost. We also will be subject to all of the risks inherent in the development of new services, including unanticipated technical or other development problems, which could result in material delays in the launch and acceptance of the services or significantly increased costs. In some cases, we may expend a significant amount of resources and management attention on service offerings that do not ultimately succeed in their markets. Because new service offerings are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our operating results and financial condition. 
  Our inability to develop and offer services that are attractive to the growing number of consumers who utilize mobile devices other than personal computers to access online services could adversely affect our business. 
  The number of people who access services through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smart phones, handheld computers, tablets, and other mobile devices, has increased dramatically in recent years and is projected to continue to increase.  The services we develop for users of mobile  devices may not be attractive for users.   
  We launched a new mobile application in the second quarter of 2016.  The success of our mobile application is unproven, and we have prioritized the quality of user experience with our mobile application over short-term monetization.  Despite the expected growth in mobile devices, there is no guarantee that we will be able to effectively monetize  
  
   39 

our mobile application and generate meaningful revenue in the future.  If our mobile application is not widely adopted or sufficiently profitable, or if we fail to continue to innovate and introduce enhanced mobile applications and other services for users of these alternative devices, our business could be adversely affected. 
  As new devices, platforms, and technologies are continually being adopted and released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our services for use with those devices, platforms, and technologies, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such offerings.  We are dependent on the interoperability of our mobile application with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android and iOS, and any changes in such systems that degrade our application s functionality or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect usage of our mobile application.  Additionally, if we are slow to develop new services and technologies that are compatible with these devices, platforms, and technologies, or if our competitors are able to achieve those results more quickly than us, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. 
  Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers, and add new customers, and any decline in our retention rates or failure to add new customers will harm our future revenue and operating results. 
  Our revenue and operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing customers and add new customers. In our consumer business from which we derive a significant portion of our revenue, we sell our services to our members on a monthly or annual subscription basis. Our members may cancel their membership with us at any time without penalty. In our enterprise business, our customers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us after the contractual term expires, and a substantial portion of our direct enterprise customers do not have monthly transaction minimums and, accordingly, may reduce their utilization of our services during the contractual term. We therefore may be unable to retain our existing members and enterprise customers on the same or on more profitable terms, if at all, and may generate lower revenue as a result of less utilization of our services by our enterprise customers. In addition, we may not be able to predict or anticipate accurately future trends in customer retention or enterprise customer utilization or effectively respond to such trends. Our customer retention rates and enterprise customer utilization may decline or fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including the following: 
             
    our customers  levels of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our services; 
                
    the quality, breadth, and prices of our services; 
                
    our general reputation and events impacting that reputation; 
                
    the services and related pricing offered by our competitors; 
                
    our customer service and responsiveness to any customer complaints; 
                
    customer dissatisfaction if they do not receive the full benefit of our services due to their failure to provide all relevant data; 
                
    customer dissatisfaction with the methods or extent of our remediation services; 
                
    our guarantee may not meet our customers  expectations; and 
                
    changes in our target customers  spending levels as a result of general economic conditions or other factors. 
     In addition, we experienced a higher level of cancellations in the second half of 2015, which we believe was driven by the announcement of the FTC litigation during the third quarter of 2015, which had a negative impact on our member retention rate. Our membership retention rate also was significantly impacted in the first nine months of 2016 by the high number of cancellations of members who enrolled during the first quarter of 2015 as a result of the breach at a large health insurance company during the first quarter of 2015. We also experienced increased cancellations in the first nine months of 2016, coming from our Employee Benefit, oil and gas vertical, due to a downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
  If we do not retain our existing customers and continue to add new customers at the same rate we have historically, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our operating results and gross margins will be harmed. In addition, our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to maintain our retention rates. 
  We also must continually add new customers both to replace customers who cancel or elect not to renew their agreements with us and to grow our business beyond our current customer base. If we are unable to attract new customers in numbers greater than the percentage of customers who cancel or elect not to renew their agreements with us, which we call  churn,  our customer base will decrease, and our business, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely affected. Churn negatively impacts the predictability of our subscription revenue model and the efficacy and attractiveness of the LifeLock ecosystem by decreasing the amount of data being added to our data repositories.The FTC litigation has  
  
   40 

negatively impacted our member growth from the strategic partner channel as the pipeline of new partnerships slowed as a result of the FTC litigation. In addition we have focused our future growth on larger partners which has increased the time of the sales cycle. While we expect the business to recover from the impact of the FTC litigation, there is no guarantee that member growth derived from the partner channel will resume to its prior growth levels.  
  We depend on strategic partners in our consumer business, and our inability to maintain our existing and secure new relationships with strategic partners could harm our revenue and operating results. 
  We have derived, and intend to continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from members who subscribe to our consumer services through one of our strategic partners. In 2015, we derived just under half of our gross new members from our partner distribution channels. These distribution channels involve various risks, including the following: 
             
    we may be unable to maintain or secure favorable relationships with strategic partners; 
                
    our strategic partners may not be successful in expanding our membership base; 
                
    our strategic partners may seek to renegotiate the economic terms of our relationships; 
                
    our strategic partners may terminate their relationships with us; 
                
    bad publicity and other issues faced by us or our strategic partners could negatively impact our relationships; and 
                
    our strategic partners, some of which already compete with us, may present increased competition for us in the future and may elect to terminate their contracts with us or to violate their contractual obligations. 
        Our inability to maintain our existing and secure new relationships with strategic partners could harm our revenue and operating results.  
  Many of our key strategic partnerships are governed by agreements that may be terminated without cause and without penalty by our strategic partners upon notice of as few as 30 days. Under many of our agreements with strategic partners, our partners may cease or reduce their marketing of our services at their discretion, which may cause us to lose access to prospective members and significantly reduce our revenue and operating results. 
  Some of our strategic partners possess significant resources and advanced technical abilities. Some offer services that are competitive with our services and more may do so in the future, either alone or in collaboration with other competitors. Those strategic partners could give a higher priority to competing services or decide not to continue to offer our services at all. If any of our strategic partners discontinue or reduce the sale or marketing of our services, promote competitive services, or, either independently or jointly with others, develop and market services that compete with our services, our business and operating results may be harmed. In addition, some of our strategic partners may experience financial or other difficulties, causing our revenue through those strategic partners to decline, which could adversely affect our operating results. Some of our strategic partners may also experience a security breach that could impact our members or systems if they are not identified early and addressed successfully or can otherwise impact our business if we have to suspend or terminate those relationships as a result.  
  In order for us to implement our business strategy and grow our revenue, we must effectively manage and expand our relationships with qualified strategic partners. We expend significant time and resources in attracting qualified strategic partners, training those partners in our technology and service offerings, and then maintaining relationships with those partners. In order to continue to develop and expand our distribution channels, we must continue to scale and improve our processes and procedures that support our strategic partnerships. Those processes and procedures could become increasingly complex and difficult to manage. Our competitors also use arrangements with strategic partners, and it could be more difficult for us to maintain and expand our distribution channels if they are more successful in attracting strategic partners or enter into exclusive relationships with strategic partners. If we fail to maintain our existing or secure new relationships with strategic partners, our business will be harmed.  
  We are subject to extensive government regulation, which could impede our ability to market and provide our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Our business and the information we use in our business is subject to a wide variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act, or FCRA, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the FTC Act and comparable state laws that are patterned after the FTC Act. In addition, laws governing credit information, consumer privacy and marketing, servicing of consumer products and services, and insurance products and services, govern our business information. Moreover, we are bound by the terms of the FTC Order, the companion orders with 35 states  attorneys general that we entered into in March 2010, and the settlement we reached with the FTC in 2015. These laws, regulations, and orders cover, among other things, advertising, automatic subscription renewal, broadband residential Internet access, consumer protection, content, conditional services, copyrights, credit card processing procedures, data protection, distribution, electronic contracts, member  
  
   41 

privacy, pricing, sales and other procedures, tariffs, and taxation. In addition, it is unclear how existing laws and regulations governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, and personal privacy apply to the Internet. We incur significant costs to operate our business and monitor our compliance with these laws, regulations, and orders. Any of these laws and regulations are subject to revision or new or changed interpretation, and we cannot predict the impact of such changes on our business. Complying with these varying requirements, the evolving nature of all of these laws and regulations, the evolving nature of various governmental bodies  enforcement efforts, and the possibility of new laws or changed interpretation in this area, could increase our costs or impede our ability to provide our services to our customers. The occurrence of any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospect. 
  As disclosed, on July 21 2015, the FTC initiated the FTC Contempt Action alleging that LifeLock had violated the FTC Order. On December 17, 2015, we entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement with the FTC, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action, and with representatives of a national class of consumers, which we refer to as the Consumer Class Action or the Ebarle Class Action. Under the terms of the settlement, $100 million was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action, $68 million of which was distributed to the court overseeing Consumer Class Action and thereafter distributed to members of the class to fund the consumer redress as part of the Consumer Class Action settlement, and the remaining $32 million of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court. 
  As of the date of this filing, no states  attorneys general have initiated proceedings against us alleging that we violated the companion orders from 2010. As of   September 30, 2016   we have accrued $3 million for a potential settlement with states  attorneys general. The ultimate resolution of the matter with the states  attorneys general is uncertain and may involve a materially higher settlement than $3 million. Engaging in settlement discussions and defending ourselves in any litigation that arises against states  attorneys general related to this matter, and other actions that could arise, would be costly and time-consuming and would divert management s, key personnel s, and members of our board of directors' attention from our business operations. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, product sales, financial condition, results of operation, and future prospects. 
  It is possible that other federal or local governmental agencies, at any time, will commence additional inquiries or investigations of our business practices or our compliance with the FTC Order. Moreover, there can be no assurance that, despite our best efforts to comply with the FTC Order, the other federal or local government agencies will interpret their orders in the same way. We believe the increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny will continue for the foreseeable future and could lead to additional meetings, inquiries, or investigations by governmental and regulatory agencies that regulate our business, including the FTC, the Department of Justice, the SEC, and the New York Stock Exchange. Responding to these inquiries, investigations, and actions may cause us to incur significant expenses and could divert the attention of our management, key personnel, and members of our board of directors from our business operations. Any determination that we violated any laws, regulations, or consent decrees could result in our liability for fines, damages, or other penalties, could require us to make changes to our services and business practices, and could cause us to lose customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. In addition, recently, the media have been increasingly covering perceived noncompliance with consumer protection regulations and violations of notions of fair dealing with customers. Accordingly, we may be susceptible to unfounded claims by the media and others of regulatory noncompliance and unfair dealing. 
  Further, with the growing public concern regarding privacy and the collection, distribution, and use of consumer personal information, we believe we are in an environment in which there is increased regulatory scrutiny concerning data collection and use practices and the provision and marketing of services, like ours, that seek to protect that information. We expect that kind of scrutiny to continue as the marketplace for services like ours continues to develop. 
  Compliance with these federal, state and foreign regulations is generally our responsibility, and we could be subject to a variety of investigations, enforcement actions and/or private actions for any failure or perceived failure to comply with such regulations. Consumer complaints with respect to our industry have resulted in, and may in the future result in, state, federal and foreign regulatory and other investigations. In addition, we believe there has been a recent increase in whistleblower claims made to regulatory agencies, including whistleblower claims made by former employees or other third parties, including competitors. We believe these claims, will likely continue, in part because of the provisions enacted by the Dodd-Frank Act that provide for cash awards to persons who report alleged wrongdoing to the SEC, and because competitors may use it as a method to weaken their competitors, and others, like personnel or former personnel or vendors, may use it as means to extract payment or retaliate against the company. 
  Any changes to applicable regulations or new regulations could materially increase our compliance costs or impede our ability to provide our services to our customers. In addition, various governmental agencies have the authority to commence investigations and enforcement actions under these laws, regulations, and consent decrees, and private citizens as well as other third parties, such as competitors, may bring actions, including class action litigation and whistleblower claims, under some of these laws and regulations. The risk of our noncompliance with any rules and regulations interpreted differently by or otherwise enforced by a federal or state consumer protection authority or an enforcement agency in a foreign jurisdiction may subject us  
  
   42 

(and in some cases our management) to fines, consumer restitution, or various forms of civil or criminal prosecution, any of which could impede our ability to market our programs and services and reduce our revenue and profitability. While we have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources to continuously improving our compliance practices and security measures, there is no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient when reviewed by an enforcement authority. Even an inadvertent failure to comply with these laws and regulations, as well as rapidly evolving expected standards, could adversely affect our business or our reputation. Certain types of noncompliance may also give our partners the right to terminate certain of our contracts or assert claims under our contracts. Also, the media often publicizes perceived noncompliance with consumer protection regulations and violations of notions of fair dealing with customers, and our industry is susceptible to peremptory charges by the media and others of regulatory noncompliance and unfair dealing. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Similarly, disclosure of confidential information by regulatory agencies or other third parties may harm our business or reputation. 
  Marketing laws and regulations may materially limit our ability to offer our services to members. 
  We market our consumer services through a variety of marketing channels, including mass media, direct mail campaigns, online display advertising, paid search and search-engine optimization, and inbound customer service and account activation calls. These channels are subject to both federal and state laws and regulations. Over the past several years, there has been proposed legislation in several states that may interfere with our marketing practices. For example, over the past several years many states have proposed legislation that would allow customers to limit the amount of unsolicited direct mail they receive. Additionally, several bills have been proposed in Congress that could restrict the collection and dissemination of personal information for marketing purposes. If such legislation is passed in one or more states or by Congress, it could limit our ability to market to new members or offer additional services to existing members, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our services. 
     The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act authorizes the newly created Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to adopt rules and take actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted to reform the practices in the financial services industry. Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act established the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, or the CFPB, to protect consumers from abusive financial services practices. Among other things, the CFPB has broad authority to write rules affecting the business of credit reporting companies as well as to supervise, conduct examinations of, and enforce compliance as to federal consumer financial protection laws and regulations with respect to certain  non-depository covered persons  determined by the CFPB to be  larger participants  that offer consumer financial products and services. 
  The CFPB has broad regulatory, supervisory, and enforcement powers and may exercise authority with respect to our services, or the marketing and servicing of those services, by overseeing our financial institution or credit reporting agency customers and suppliers, or by otherwise exercising its supervisory, regulatory, or enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services. Certain of our credit reporting agency customers and suppliers that meet the definition of a  larger participant  are included under the CFPB nonbank supervision program. The CFPB also created a section of its consumer complaint database for credit reporting complaints. Further, we believe that the CFPB has commenced review of certain of our financial institution and other customers and vendors, including their offering of some or all fee-based products. These or other actions by the CFPB could cause our credit agency customers and suppliers and financial institution customers to limit or change their business activities or condition their engagement with us on us changing our own practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. It is not certain whether the CFPB has, or will seek to exercise, supervisory or other authority directly over us or our services. Supervision and regulation of us or our enterprise customers by the CFPB could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results, including the costs to make changes that may be required by us, our enterprise customers, or our strategic partners, and the costs of responding to examinations by the CFPB. In addition, the costs of responding to or defending against any enforcement action that may be brought by the CFPB, and any liability that we may incur, may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In the future, the CFPB may choose to enact new rules or amend currently existing rules which could further extend the scope of its jurisdiction with respect to our business activities or those of our customers and suppliers. 
  Changes in legislation or regulations governing consumer privacy and other consumer protection aspects may affect our ability to collect, distribute, and use personally identifiable information. 
  There has been increasing public concern about the use of personally identifiable information and vulnerability of security practices intended to protect it. As a result, many federal, state, and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, disclosure, protection and use of personally identifiable information. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that apply to us. Because the interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and other consumer protection laws are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that  
  
   43 

is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our services. If this is the case, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our service offerings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to retain our customers and partners. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy, data protection or other consumer protection laws, regulations, and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, affect our ability to attract new customers and maintain relationships with our existing customers, and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our enterprise customers and strategic partners may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our services. Privacy concerns, whether valid or not, may inhibit market adoption of our services. 
     Laws requiring the free issuance of credit reports by credit reporting agencies, and other services that must be provided by credit reporting agencies, or that otherwise impose restrictions or requirements related to such services, could impede our ability to obtain new members or retain existing members and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  The FCRA provides consumers the ability to receive one free consumer credit report per year from each major consumer credit reporting agency and requires each major consumer credit reporting agency to provide the consumer a credit score along with the consumer s credit report for a reasonable fee as determined by the FTC. In addition, the FCRA and state laws give consumers other rights with respect to the protection of their credit files at the credit reporting agencies. For example, the Fair Credit Reporting Act gives consumers the right to place  fraud alerts  at the credit reporting agencies, and the laws in approximately 40 states give consumers the right to place  freezes  to block access to their credit files. The rights of consumers to obtain free annual credit reports and credit scores from consumer reporting agencies, and to place fraud alerts and credit freezes directly with them, could cause consumers to perceive that the value of our services is reduced or replaced by those benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, other laws, rules and regulations may impose restrictions or additional requirements on providing credit related services and the failure to comply with those requirements may impact our ability to enroll or retain our members, to otherwise provide services to our members. 
  The FTC Order, as well as the companion orders with 35 states  attorneys general and the FTC Contempt Action imposes on us injunctive provisions that could subject us to additional injunctive and monetary remedies. 
  In March 2010, we and Todd Davis, our Executive Vice Chairman and former CEO, entered into the FTC Order. The FTC Order was the result of a settlement of allegations that certain of our advertising and marketing practices constituted deceptive acts or practices in violation of the FTC Act. We did not admit to those allegations. Under the FTC Order, we are enjoined from making any misrepresentation of the means, methods, procedures, effects, effectiveness, coverage, or scope of our identity theft protection services. The FTC investigation of our advertising and marketing activities occurred during the time that we relied significantly on the receipt of fraud alerts from the credit reporting agencies for our members. The FTC believed that such alerts had inherent limitations in terms of coverage, scope, and timeliness. Many of the allegations in the FTC complaint, which accompanied the FTC Order, related to the inherent limitations of using credit report fraud alerts as the foundation for identity theft protection. The FTC Order also includes injunctive provisions relating to our data security for members  personally identifiable information. At the same time, we entered into companion orders with 35 states  attorneys general that imposed injunctive provisions similar to those in the FTC Order. 
  The FTC Order provided for a consumer redress payment of $11 million, which we made in 2010 to the FTC for distribution to our members. The FTC Order also provided for an additional consumer redress payment of $24 million, which the FTC suspended based on our then-current financial condition. The FTC Order specifies that in the event the FTC were to find that the financial materials we submitted were not truthful, accurate, and complete, the court order entering the settlement could be re-opened, and the suspended judgment in the amount of the additional $24 million would become immediately due in full. 
  As previously disclosed, on July 21, 2015, the FTC initiated the FTC Contempt Action alleging that LifeLock had violated the FTC Order. On December 17, 2015, we entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement with the FTC, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action and the Consumer Class Action. Under the terms of the settlement, $100 million was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action, $68 million of which is to be distributed to the court overseeing Consumer Class Action to fund the consumer redress contemplated by the Consumer Class Action settlement, and the remaining $32 million of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court.  
  As of the date of this filing, no states  attorneys general have initiated proceedings against us alleging that we violated the companion orders from 2010. However, because the companion orders we entered into with 35 states  attorneys general imposed injunctive provisions similar to those in the FTC Order, we initiated preliminary settlement discussions with certain states  attorneys general. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have accrued $3 million for a potential settlement with states  attorneys general. The ultimate resolution of the matter with the states  attorneys general is uncertain and may involve a materially higher settlement than $3 million. Engaging in settlement discussions and defending ourselves in any litigation that arises against  
  
   44 

states  attorneys general related to this matter, and other actions that could arise, would be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management, key personnel, and members of our board of directors from our business operations. The outcome of the settlement discussions with the states  attorneys general and potential related actions could result in liability for damages, fines, penalties, and injunctive relief. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. 
  The outcome of litigation or regulatory proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages, restrict our ability to conduct our business, harm our reputation, and otherwise negatively impact our business. 
  As previously disclosed, on July 21 2015, the FTC initiated the FTC Contempt Action alleging that LifeLock had violated the FTC Order. On December 17, 2015, we entered into a comprehensive settlement agreement with the FTC, pursuant to which we resolved all matters related to the FTC Contempt Action and the Consumer Class Action. Under the terms of the settlement, $100 million was placed into the registry of the court overseeing the FTC Contempt Action, $68 million of which is to be distributed to the court overseeing Consumer Class Action to fund the consumer redress contemplated by the Consumer Class Action settlement, and the remaining $32 million of the settlement remains in the registry of the Arizona court. 
  As of the date of this filing, no states  attorneys general have initiated proceedings against us alleging that we violated the companion orders from 2010. However, because the companion orders we entered into with 35 states  attorneys general imposed injunctive provisions similar to those in the FTC Order, we initiated preliminary settlement discussions with certain states  attorneys general. The ultimate resolution of the matter with the states  attorneys general is uncertain and may involve a settlement outside the FTC Contempt Action remaining $32 million settlement funds. 
  Engaging in settlement discussions and defending ourselves in any litigation that arises against states  attorneys general related to this matter or otherwise with any other regulatory agencies, and other actions that could arise, would be costly and time-consuming. We may be unable to reach settlement on terms acceptable to us or at all and costly litigation would likely result. Further, as a result of these matters, including the settlement agreements themselves, we could face negative publicity, our reputation could be harmed, we could lose customers, including enterprise customers, and our ability to win new customers could be impeded any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and our future prospects. 
  We are also presently subject to various securities, consumer class action, and stockholder derivative complaints as described in more detail in this Form 10-Q and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The FTC settlement and the recent volatility in the trading price of our stock may result in our stockholders filing additional securities class actions and stockholder derivative complaints against us, our officers, and directors. 
  We cannot predict the outcome of these actions or proceedings, or any other actions or proceedings filed against us in the future, and the cost of defending such actions or proceedings could be material. Furthermore, defending such actions or proceedings could divert the attention of our management, key personnel, and members of our board of directors from our business operations. If we are found liable in any actions or proceedings, we may have to pay substantial damages, penalties, or fines, change the way we conduct our business, or lose customers, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. In addition, we are engaged in a dispute regarding insurance coverage for certain matters. If coverage is unavailable, we will be required to pay for any costs related to these matters out of pocket, which amounts may be material. There may also be negative publicity associated with litigation or regulatory proceedings that could harm our reputation or decrease acceptance of our services. 
  Moreover, we utilize contractors and third parties for various services, including certain advertising and promotions, which may result in misrepresentations made by such third parties being attributed to us or in additional claims or litigation against us. For example, a former service provider claimed that we misclassified her as an independent contractor, and we may be subject to other claims of this nature from time to time. These claims may be costly to defend and may result in our liability for damages, adverse tax consequences, and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial conditions, and future prospects. 
  We believe there has been a recent increase in whistleblower claims across our industry, including whistleblower claims arising after employee or vendor terminations or by competitors to impair competition, which will likely continue, in part because of the provisions enacted by the Dodd-Frank Act that may entitle persons who report alleged wrongdoing to the SEC to cash rewards. We anticipate that these provisions will result in a significant increase in whistleblower claims, and dealing with such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management and board time, even for frivolous and non-meritorious claims. Any investigations of whistleblower claims may impose additional expense on us, may divert the attention of our management, other key personnel, and members of our board of director, and may result in fines and/or reputational damage whether or not we are deemed to have violated any regulations. We believe there also has been a recent increase in claims made to regulatory agencies by former employees. Often the allegations underlying such claims to regulatory agencies lead to meetings, inquiries, or investigations by the regulatory agencies about such claims, inquiries, or investigations  
  
   45 

by the agencies that regulate our business, including the FTC. Inquiries or investigation by regulatory agencies about such claims could generate significant expense and take up significant management and board time. 
  Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of stockholders. 
  The actions of stockholders     could adversely affect our business. Specifically, certain actions of certain types of stockholders, including without limitation public proposals, requests to pursue a strategic combination or other transaction or special demands or requests, could disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming or divert the attention of our management and employees and increase the volatility of our stock. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction in relation to the actions of our stockholders may result in the loss of potential business opportunities or the perception that we are unstable and need to make changes, which may be exploited by our competitors and make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel as well as customers, service providers and partners. Actions by our stockholders may also cause fluctuations in our stock price based on speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
  A limited number of enterprise customers provide a significant portion of our enterprise revenue, and our inability to retain these customers or attract new customers could harm our revenue and operating results and the efficacy and attractiveness of the LifeLock ecosystem. 
  ID Analytics has historically derived, and continues to derive, a significant portion of its revenue from a limited number of enterprise customers. For example, in 2015, 2014, and 2013, sales derived through ID Analytics  top ten customers accounted for approximately 63%, 71%, and 65%, respectively, of ID Analytics  revenue for those periods. Some of these customers also provide services that compete with our consumer services and, accordingly, may seek alternative services in the future. The loss of several of our enterprise customers, or of any of our large enterprise customers, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations, as well as the efficacy and attractiveness of the LifeLock ecosystem. 
  In addition, new customer acquisition in our enterprise business is often a lengthy process requiring significant up-front investment. Accordingly, we may devote substantial resources in an effort to attract new enterprise customers that may not result in customer engagements or lead to an increase in revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  If we experience system failures or interruptions in our telecommunications or information technology infrastructure, it may impair the availability of our services, our revenue could decrease, and our reputation could be harmed. 
  Our operations depend upon our ability to protect the telecommunications and information technology systems utilized in our services against damage or system interruptions from natural disasters, technical failures, human error, and other events. We send and receive credit and other data, as well as key communications to and from our members, electronically, and this delivery method is susceptible to damage, delay, or inaccuracy. A portion of our business involves telephonic customer service and online enrollments, which depends upon the data generated from our computer systems. Unanticipated problems with our telecommunications and information technology systems may result in data loss, which could interrupt our operations. Our telecommunications or information technology infrastructure upon which we rely also may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hackers, or other disruptions. 
  We rely on our network and data center infrastructure and internal technology systems for many of our development, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities, the failure of which could disrupt our business operations and result in a loss of revenue and damage to our reputation. 
  We rely on our network and data center infrastructure and internal technology systems for many of our development, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We routinely invest resources to update and improve these systems and environments with the goal of better meeting the existing, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain service offerings and develop new service offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Such improvements and upgrades often are complex, costly, and time consuming. In addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems or may result in problems with our existing technology systems. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in outages, disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue, or damage to our reputation. Our systems and data are hosted by third-party data centers, and certain applications are hosted by other third-party cloud providers. If one or more of these third-party data centers or cloud providers experience any disruptions, outages, or catastrophes, it could disrupt our business and result in a loss of customers, loss of revenue, or damage to our reputation. 
  
   46 

Natural or man-made disasters and other similar events may significantly disrupt our and our strategic partners  or service providers  businesses, and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
  Our enterprise business headquarters and the back-up data centers and cloud providers for our enterprise business are located in Southern California, which is situated on or near earthquake fault lines. Our primary data center for our enterprise business is located in Nevada. In our consumer business, we have data centers in Northern California and Arizona. Any of our or our strategic partners  or service providers  facilities may be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires, floods, nuclear disasters, acts of terrorism or other criminal activities, infectious disease outbreaks, and power outages, which may render it difficult or impossible for us or our strategic partners or service providers to operate our respective businesses for some period of time. Our and our strategic partners  or service providers  facilities would likely be costly to repair or replace, and any such efforts would likely require substantial time. Any disruptions in our or our strategic partners  or service providers  operations could negatively impact our business and results of operations and harm our reputation. In addition, we and our strategic partners or service providers may not carry business insurance or may not carry sufficient business insurance to compensate for losses that may occur. Any such losses or damages could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
  Changes in the economy may significantly affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Our business may be affected by changes in the economic environment. Our services, particularly our consumer services, are discretionary purchases, and members may reduce or eliminate their discretionary spending on our services during a difficult economic environment. Although we have not yet experienced a material increase in membership cancellations or a material reduction in our member retention rate, we may experience such an increase or reduction in the future, especially in the event of a prolonged recessionary period or a worsening of current conditions. In addition, during an economic downturn, consumers may experience a decline in their credit, which may result in less demand for our services. Conversely, consumers may spend more time using the Internet during an economic downturn and may have less time for our services in a period of economic growth. In addition, media prices may increase in a period of economic growth, which could significantly increase our marketing and advertising expenses. As a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be significantly affected by changes in the economic environment. 
  Our rapid development and growth in an evolving industry make evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase the risk of an investment in our company. 
  Our business, prospects, and growth potential must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays, difficulties, uncertainties, and other challenges encountered by companies that are rapidly developing and are experiencing rapid growth in evolving industries. We may be unsuccessful in addressing the various challenges we may encounter. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, reputation, and growth potential as well as the value of an investment in our company. 
  As a result of our rapid development and growth in an evolving industry, it is difficult to accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. In the event that our actual results differ from our forecasts or we adjust our forecasts in future periods, our operating results and financial position could be materially and adversely affected and our stock price could decline. 
  These risks are increased by our acquisitions of ID Analytics and Lemon, and will be further increased by any acquisitions we may make in the future. 
  We restated certain prior consolidated financial statements, which may lead to additional risks and uncertainties, including stockholder litigation, loss of investor confidence, and negative impacts on our stock price. 
  In November 2014, we restated our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2013, June 30, 2013, and September 30, 2013, and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2014 and June 30, 2014. The determination to restate these financial statements was made by our Audit Committee, after discussion with management and Ernst   Young LLP, following the identification of an error related to our calculation of the volatility assumption within the Black-Scholes option pricing model used to compute our stock-based compensation expense since our initial public offering in October 2012, which resulted in a higher volatility and, accordingly, we materially overstated stock-based compensation expense for the impacted periods. As a result of these events, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including potential stockholder litigation. If litigation did occur, we would incur substantial defense costs regardless of the outcome of such litigation. Likewise, such events may cause a diversion of our management s time and attention. If we do not prevail in any such litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs. In addition, the fact that we have completed a restatement may lead to a loss of investor confidence and have negative impacts on the trading price of our common stock. 
  
   47 

If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
  Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. 
  Although we remediated the material weakness we had as a result of our prior restatement, and while we determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015, as indicated in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2015, if we are otherwise unable to maintain adequate internal controls for financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls as required pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, it could result in another material misstatement of our financial statements that would require a restatement, investor confidence in the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reports may be impacted, or the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. 
  The failure to manage our growth may damage our brand recognition and reputation and harm our business and operating results. 
  We have experienced rapid growth in a relatively short period of time. Our revenue grew from $18.9 million in 2007 to $587.5 million in 2015, and our members increased from approximately 30,000 on December 31, 2006 to approximately 4.2 million on December 31, 2015. In addition, our acquisitions of ID Analytics in March 2012 and Lemon in December 2013 increased our revenue, facilities and number of employees, and we will continue to hire additional employees in the future. We must successfully manage our growth to achieve our objectives. Our ability to effectively manage any significant growth of our business will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do the following: 
             
    introduce new service offerings that are attractive to our customers and enhance our gross margins; 
                
    develop and pursue cost-effective marketing and advertising campaigns that attract new customers; 
                
    satisfy existing and attract new customers; 
                
    hire, train, retain, and motivate additional employees; 
                
    enhance our operational, financial, and management systems; 
                
    enhance our intellectual property rights; 
                
    effectively manage and maintain our corporate culture; and 
                
    make sound business decisions in light of the scrutiny associated with operating as a public company. 
     These enhancements and improvements will require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources, and our growth will continue to place a strain on our operational, financial, and management infrastructure. Our future financial performance and our ability to execute on our business plan will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. There are no guarantees we will be able to do so in an efficient or timely manner, or at all. Our failure to effectively manage growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. 
  Any future acquisitions that we undertake could disrupt our business, fail to achieve the anticipated results, harm our operating results, and dilute stockholder value. 
  From time to time, we may review opportunities to acquire other businesses or other assets that would expand the breadth of services that we offer, strengthen our distribution channels, enhance our intellectual property and technological know-how, augment the LifeLock ecosystem and our data repositories, or otherwise offer potential growth opportunities. For example, in March 2012, we completed our acquisition of ID Analytics, in December 2013, we completed our acquisition of Lemon, and in August 2015 we completed our acquisition of BitYota. We may in the future be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisition of candidates that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required by our acquisition criteria. Acquisitions also may become more difficult in the future as we or others, including our competitors, acquire the most attractive candidates. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays that we may encounter in connection with rapid expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our operating results. 
  
   48 

Our ability to grow through acquisitions will depend upon various factors, including the following: 
             
    the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices; 
                
    the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities; 
                
    the availability of cash resources, borrowing capacity, or stock at favorable price levels to provide required purchase prices in acquisitions; 
                
    diversion of management s attention to acquisition efforts; and 
                
    the ability to obtain any requisite governmental or other approvals. 
     As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in acquisition discussions. In connection with these discussions, we and potential acquisition candidates often exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries, and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including, in some cases, management succession and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated, despite the expenditure of time and resources, which may affect our results. 
  Any borrowings made to finance future acquisitions could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings. If our cash flow from operating activities is insufficient to meet our debt service requirements, we could be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations, or dispose of assets in order to meet our debt service requirements.  If we finance any future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, existing stockholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their common stock and earnings per share could be negatively impacted. The extent to which we will be able or willing to use our common stock for acquisitions will depend on the market price of our common stock from time to time and the willingness of potential sellers to accept our common stock as full or partial consideration for the sale of their businesses. Our inability to use our common stock as consideration, to generate cash from operations, or to obtain additional funding through debt or equity financings in order to pursue an acquisition program could materially limit our growth. 
     Any acquisitions that we undertake could be difficult to integrate, which could disrupt and harm our business. 
  In order to pursue a successful acquisition strategy, we will need to integrate the operations of any acquired businesses into our operations, including centralizing certain functions and pursuing programs and processes aimed at leveraging our revenue and growth opportunities. The integration of the management, operations, and facilities of acquired businesses with our own could involve difficulties, which could adversely affect our growth rate and operating results. 
  We may not realize all of the benefits anticipated with any acquisitions and may experience unanticipated detriments as a result of such acquisitions. As with any acquisition, we may be unable to complete effectively an integration of the management, operations, facilities, and accounting and information systems of the acquired business with our own; to manage efficiently the combined operations of the acquired business with our operations; to achieve our operating, growth, and performance goals for the acquired business; to achieve additional revenue as a result of our expanded operations; or to achieve operating efficiencies or otherwise realize cost savings as a result of anticipated acquisition synergies. 
  For example, we have an ongoing lawsuit and other claims against certain former executives and stockholders of Lemon, including its former General Manager, alleging breaches of employment related contracts, breaches of fiduciary duty, and fraud involving work for third party Xapo, Inc. and/or Xapo, Ltd. during their employment with Lemon. In addition, we have an ongoing lawsuit related to the Lemon acquisition against its former CEO and General Counsel in connection with false representations made by them as part of the negotiation of the acquisition.The outcome of this matter is unclear and although no counterclaims have been asserted against us, it is possible that they will be asserted in the future. In addition, in December 2014, we settled certain indemnification claims that we previously made with respect to our acquisition of Lemon, which resulted in a $5.0 million payment to us out of the escrow account established in connection with that acquisition. 
  The integration of acquired businesses, involves numerous risks, including the following integrating the different businesses, operations, locations, and technologies; 
             
    communicating to customers our perceived benefits of the acquisition and addressing any related concerns they might have; 
                
    the potential disruption of our core businesses; 
                
    risks associated with entering markets and businesses in which we have little or no prior experience; 
     
   49 

diversion of management s attention from our core businesses; 
                
    adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 
                
    failure to retain key customers, suppliers, or personnel of acquired businesses; 
                
    adjusting to changes in key personnel post-combination; 
                
    adjusting to increased governmental scrutiny; 
                
    in connection with the acquisition of companies with foreign operations, integrating operations across different cultures and languages and addressing the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; 
                
    managing the varying intellectual property protection strategies and other activities of the acquired company; 
                
    the potential strain on our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures; 
                
    greater than anticipated costs and expenses related to the integration of the acquired business with our business; 
                
    potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired company for which we are not indemnified; 
                
    potential post-closing claims against or litigation with sellers of the acquired company; 
                
    challenges inherent in effectively managing an increased number of employees in diverse locations; 
                
    failure of acquired businesses to achieve expected results; 
                
    the risk of impairment charges related to potential write-downs of acquired assets in future acquisitions; and 
                
    difficulty of establishing uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems. 
     We may not succeed in addressing these or other risks or any other problems encountered in connection with the integration of any acquired business. The inability to integrate successfully the operations, technology, and personnel of any acquired business, or any significant delay in achieving integration, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, reputation, and prospects, and on the market price of our common stock. 
  We depend on key personnel, and if we fail to retain and attract skilled management and other key personnel, our business may be harmed. 
  Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued services of our current management team, including Hilary Schneider, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Todd Davis, our founder and Executive Vice Chairman.  The loss of Ms. Schneider or Mr. Davis or one or more of our other key executives or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. Other than Mr. Davis, we do not maintain "key person" policies on the lives of our executive officers or any of our other employees. We employ all of our executive officers and key employees on an at-will basis, and their employment can be terminated by us or them at any time, for any reason and without notice, subject, in certain cases, to severance payment rights. In order to retain valuable employees, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we provide stock options or other stock-based compensation that vests over time. The value to employees of stock-based compensation that vests over time will be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract offers from other companies. 
  Our success also depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate additional skilled management and technical personnel. We plan to continue to expand our work force to continue to enhance our business and operating results. We believe that there is significant competition for qualified personnel with the skills and knowledge that we require. Many of the other companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than those which we have to offer. If we are not able to attract and retain the necessary qualified personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will impede significantly the achievement of our business objectives and our ability to pursue our business strategy. New hires require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If our recruiting, training, and retention efforts are not successful or do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue, our business will be harmed. 
  
   50 

A failure of the insurance companies that underwrite the identity theft insurance provided as part of our consumer services, or refusal by those insurance companies to provide the expected insurance, or failure of our products to comply with applicable state insurance regulations, could harm our business. 
  Our consumer services include identity theft insurance for our members that provides coverage for certain out-of-pocket expenses to our members, such as loss of income, replacement of fraudulent withdrawals, and costs associated with child and elderly care, travel, stolen purse/wallet, and replacement of documents. This identity theft insurance also backs our $1 million service guarantee. Any failure or refusal of our insurance providers to provide the expected insurance benefits, or failure of our products to comply with applicable state insurance regulations, could damage our reputation, cause us to lose members, expose us to liability claims by our members, negatively impact our sales and marketing efforts, and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Events such as a security breach at a large organization that compromise a significant number of our members  personally identifiable information or that otherwise interfaces with our systems could result in a large number of identity-related events that in turn could severely strain our operations and have a negative impact on our business. 
  Events such as a security breach at a large organization (including major financial institutions, retailers, and Internet service providers) could compromise the personally identifiable information of a significant number of our members. Any such event could in turn result in a large number of identity-related events that we must address, placing severe strain on our operations. Any failure in our ability to appropriately and timely process and address a large number of identity-related events taking place at the same time could result in a loss of members, harm to our reputation, and other damage to our business. Moreover, any related remediation services we provide may not meet member expectations and further exacerbate these risks. Furthermore, if these events result in significant claims made under our identity theft insurance, this could negatively impact our insurance premiums and our ability to continue to provide what we refer to as our guarantee on a cost-effective basis, or at all. 
  We may require significant capital to fund our business, and our inability to generate and obtain such capital could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. 
  To fund our expanding business, we must have sufficient working capital to continue to make significant investments in our service offerings, advertising, technology, and other activities. As a result, in addition to the revenue we generate from our business, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required for these endeavors. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to operate or expand our business in the manner and at the rate desired. Debt financing increases expenses, may contain covenants that restrict the operation of our business, and must be repaid regardless of operating results. Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into equity, could result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those associated with our common stock. 
  In addition, the current economic environment may make it difficult for us to raise additional capital or obtain additional credit, when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. 
  Our inability to generate or obtain the financial resources needed to fund our business and growth strategies may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our operations or the expansion of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. 
     If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, including our LifeLock brand, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 
  The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and the LifeLock brand. We rely on a combination of federal, state, and common law trademark, patent, and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. However, these measures afford only limited protection and might be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective, and in some instances we have not undertaken comprehensive searches with respect to certain of our intellectual property. We have limited protections in countries outside the United States, such as registrations for key trademarks. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop similar intellectual property. 
  While we generally obtain non-disclosure agreements from each of our employees and independent contractors, there are former independent contractors from whom we have not obtained these agreements. Therefore, these former independent contractors may inappropriately disclose our confidential information or use that confidential information illegally, which could harm our business. 
  
   51 

We currently have a number of issued and pending patents and trademarks, many of which were procured in connection with our acquisition of ID Analytics. We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from our currently pending patent applications in a manner that gives us the protection that we seek, if at all, or that any future patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. Any patents that may issue in the future from pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection or may not prove to be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. We also cannot assure you that any future trademark or service mark registrations will be issued from pending or future applications or that any registered trademarks or service marks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 
  We may find it necessary to take legal action in the future to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, and such action may be expensive and time consuming. In addition, we may be unable to obtain a favorable outcome in any such intellectual property litigation. 
  Our services may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to pay unexpected litigation costs or damages or prevent us from selling our services. 
  From time to time, third parties may claim that our services infringe or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims, including claims of alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be expensive and time consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. 
  If we were to discover or be notified that our services potentially infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, we may need to obtain licenses from these parties in order to avoid infringement. We may not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, and any such license may substantially restrict our use of the intellectual property. Moreover, if we are sued for infringement and lose the lawsuit, we could be required to pay substantial damages or be enjoined from offering the infringing services. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our services. 
  Our business depends on our ability to utilize intellectual property, technology, and content owned by third parties, the loss of which could harm our business. 
  Our services utilize intellectual property, technology, and content owned by third parties. From time to time, we may be required to renegotiate with these third parties or negotiate with other third parties to include or continue using their intellectual property, technology, or content in our existing service offerings, in new versions of our service offerings, or in new services that we offer. We may not be able to obtain the necessary rights from these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and the third-party intellectual property, technology, and content we use or desire to use may not be appropriately supported, maintained, or enhanced by the third parties. If we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use or continue to use third-party intellectual property, technology, and content in our services, or if those third parties are unable to support, maintain, and enhance their intellectual property, technology, and content, we could experience increased costs or delays or reductions in our service offerings, which in turn may harm our financial condition, damage our brand, and result in the loss of customers. 
  We are building our intellectual property portfolio internally and through acquisitions, such as our acquisitions of ID Analytics. We may be required to incur substantial expenses to do so, and our efforts may not be successful. 
  Our use of  open source  software could negatively affect our ability to sell our services and subject us to possible litigation. 
  Software code that is freely shared in the software development community is referred to as open source software. A portion of the technologies licensed by us incorporates such open source software, and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors under open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source licenses, such as the GNU General Public License, require that source code subject to the license be disclosed to third parties, grant such third parties the right to modify and redistribute that source code and a requirement that the source code for any software derived from it be disclosed. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar services and platforms with lower development effort and time and ultimately could reduce or eliminate our ability to commercialize or profit from our services. 
  
   52 

Although we have established internal review and approval processes with respect to the use of open source software to avoid subjecting our technologies to conditions we do not intend, we cannot be certain that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our services. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by the U.S. courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our services. In this event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our services, to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, or to discontinue the sale of our services, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Our operating results may vary significantly and be unpredictable, which could cause the trading price of our stock to decline, make period-to-period comparisons less meaningful, and make our future results difficult to predict. 
  We may experience significant fluctuations in our revenue, expenses, and operating results in future periods. Our operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations may result in declines in our stock price. Moreover, these fluctuations may make comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis less meaningful and make our future results difficult to predict. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. In addition, if our reported revenue does not meet our expectations, our operating results and ability to execute on our business plan are likely to be harmed. In addition to the other factors listed in this  Risk Factors  section, factors that could affect our operating results include the following: 
             
    our ability to expand our customer base and the market for our services; 
                
    our ability to generate revenue from existing customers; 
                
    our ability to establish and maintain relationships with strategic partners; 
                
    fluctuations in our expense and capital expenditure levels; 
                
    service introductions or enhancements and market acceptance of new services by us and our competitors; 
                
    pricing and availability of competitive services, which may put pressure on our pricing; 
                
    our ability to address competitive factors successfully; 
                
    changes in the competitive landscape as a result of mergers, acquisitions, or strategic alliances that could allow our competitors to gain market share, or the emergence of new competitors; 
                
    changes or anticipated changes in economic conditions; and 
                
    changes in legislation and regulatory requirements related to our business. 
     Due to these and other factors, our financial results for any quarterly or annual period may not meet our expectations or the expectations of investors or analysts that follow our stock and may not be meaningful indications of our future performance. 
  Because we recognize revenue in our consumer business from our members over the term of their subscription periods, fluctuations in sales or retention may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
  We recognize revenue in our consumer business from our members ratably over the term of their subscription periods. As a result, a large portion of the revenue we recognize in any period is deferred revenue from memberships purchased during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in new members or a decrease in member retention in any particular period will not necessarily be fully reflected in the consumer revenue in that period and will negatively affect our revenue in future periods. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant fluctuations in new members or member retention and market acceptance of our services may not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us rapidly to increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new members is recognized ratably over the applicable subscription periods. 
  We may be subject to assertions that taxes must be collected based on sales and use of our services in various states, which could expose us to liability and cause material harm to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
  Whether sales of our services are subject to state sales and use taxes is uncertain, due in part to the nature of our services and the relationships through which our services are offered, as well as changing state laws and interpretations of those laws. In 2012 we entered into a settlement agreement with the New York State Department of Taxation and Finances regarding our historic and ongoing tax collection obligations.  We currently collect and remit sales tax in several states related to the sale of our consumer services. Additional states or one or more countries or other jurisdictions may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us in the future. A successful assertion by any state, country, or other jurisdiction that we should be  
  
   53 

collecting sales or other taxes on the sale of our services could, among other things, increase the cost of our services, create significant administrative burdens for us, result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, discourage current members and other consumers from purchasing our services, or otherwise substantially harm our business and operating results. 
     Increases in credit card processing fees would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our operating results, and the termination of our relationship with any major credit card company would have a severe, negative impact on our business. 
  A substantial majority of our members pay for our services using credit cards. From time to time, the major credit card companies or the issuing banks may increase the fees that they charge for each transaction using their cards. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our services or suffer a negative impact on our margins, either of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  In addition, our credit card fees may be increased by credit card companies if our chargeback rate, or the rate of payment refunds, exceeds certain minimum thresholds. If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate at acceptable levels, our credit card fees for chargeback transactions, or for all credit card transactions, may be increased, and, if the problem significantly worsens, credit card companies may further increase our fees or terminate their relationship with us. In addition, changes in billing systems in the future could increase the per transaction cost that we pay. Any increases in our credit card fees could adversely affect our operating results, particularly if we elect not to raise the retail list price for our consumer services to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit card would significantly impair our business. 
  Any indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to expand our business or respond to changes, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding debt. We may incur indebtedness in the future, including borrowings available under our credit facility with Bank of America. Any substantial indebtedness and the fact that a substantial portion of our cash flow from operating activities could be needed to make payments on this indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including the following: 
             
    reducing the availability of our cash flow for our operations, capital expenditures, future business opportunities, and other purposes; 
                
    limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have less debt; 
                
    limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; 
                
    increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
                
    failing to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could result in all of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable. 
     Our ability to borrow any funds needed to operate and expand our business will depend in part on our ability to generate cash. Our ability to generate cash is subject to the performance of our business as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities or if future borrowings are not available to us under our senior credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, our operating results, financial condition, and ability to expand our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, our inability to make scheduled payments on our debt obligations in the future would require us to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures, or seek additional equity. 
     Covenants in our senior credit facility impose, and any future debt arrangements may impose, significant operating and financial restrictions that may adversely affect our business and ability to operate our business. 
  The agreement governing our senior credit facility with Bank of America contains covenants that limit various actions that we may take, including the following: 
             
    incurring additional indebtedness; 
                
    granting additional liens; 
                
    making certain investments and distributions; 
                
    merging, dissolving, liquidating, consolidating, or disposing of all or substantially all of our assets; 
                
    certain acquisitions; 
     
   54 

prepaying and modifying debt instruments; and 
                
    entering into transactions with affiliates. 
     These restrictions could limit our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs, make acquisitions, or pursue available business opportunities. Our senior credit facility also requires us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy financial condition tests at the end of each fiscal quarter. Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not meet those tests. We may be required to take action to reduce our indebtedness or to act in a manner contrary to our business objectives to meet these ratios and satisfy these covenants. For example, under the terms of the recent amendment to our senior credit facility we are required to comply with certain additional financial and reporting covenants, including maintaining a minimum cash EBITDA. Pursuant to the amendment, we are also subject to certain limitations and conditions on borrowing, on acquisitions, and on making certain types of payments with respect to our equity interests. We could also incur additional indebtedness in the future having even more restrictive covenants. 
  Failure to comply with any of the covenants under our senior credit facility, or any other indebtedness we may incur, could result in a default under such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of the timing of payments on all of our outstanding indebtedness and other negative consequences. In addition, since our senior credit facility with Bank of America is secured by substantially all of our assets, a default under that facility could result in Bank of America exercising its lien on substantially all of our assets. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
  We incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. Compliance with these reporting requirements, rules, and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources.   As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. 
  In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming.  These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies.  This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.  We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards are unsuccessful, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
     Our ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited, which could potentially result in increased tax liabilities to us in the future. 
  As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $231.3 million of federal and approximately $99.9 million of state net operating loss carry-forwards. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), a corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carry-forwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. In 2013, we completed an analysis of prior year ownership changes and determined that in prior years we had experienced an  ownership change  as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. However, we determined that none of our federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards will expire solely as a result of our prior ownership changes. We may also experience an  ownership change  in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carry-forwards to offset taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
  
   55 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
  Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. 
  The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. In addition to the risk factors described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2015, and in our other filings with the SEC, factors that may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate include the following: 
             
    financial guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance, or our failure to meet such guidance; 
                
    failure of industry or securities analysts to maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates by any industry or securities analysts that follow our company, or our failure to meet such estimates; 
                
    various market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, whether or not correct, involving us, our customers, our strategic partners, or our competitors; 
                
    sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our common stock; 
                
    short selling of our common stock by investors; 
                
    actions of activist stockholders; 
                
    additions or departures of key personnel; 
                
    announcements of technological innovations by us or by our competitors; 
                
    introductions of new services or new pricing policies by us or by our competitors; 
                
    regulatory or political developments; 
                
    litigation and governmental or regulatory investigations; 
                
    acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or by our competitors; and 
                
    general economic, political, and financial market conditions or events. 
     Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock, may induce stockholder activism and may otherwise negatively affect the price or liquidity of our common stock. In addition, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. For example, as described in more detail in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2015, we are subject to a securities class action lawsuit filed against us. As a result of this class action complaint, or if any of our stockholders were to bring a lawsuit against us in the future, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuits or paying for settlements or damages. Such lawsuits could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business. 
  Future sales of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders, or the perception that such sales might occur or not occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. 
  The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market, and even the perception that these sales could occur or not occur may depress the market price. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   93.6 million   shares of common stock outstanding. These shares may be sold in the public market, subject to prior registration or qualification for an exemption from registration, including, in the case of shares held by affiliates, compliance with the volume restrictions of Rule 144. In addition, shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of options and warrants, and shares delivered under restricted stock unit or restricted stock awards, are also eligible for sale. Sales of stock by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
  Former holders of our preferred stock are entitled, under contracts providing for registration rights, to require us to register our securities owned by them for public sale. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by our affiliates. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
  Sales of common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
  
   56 

Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock by us, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
  We intend to issue additional securities pursuant to our equity incentive plans and may issue equity or convertible securities in the future. To the extent we do so, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 
  Anti-takeover provisions could impair a takeover attempt and adversely affect existing stockholders. 
  Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law may have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition of our company, even when this would be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
  Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that: 
             
    authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; 
                
    require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
                
    specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or our president (in the absence of a chief executive officer); 
                
    establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
                
    establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II, and Class III, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 
                
    prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
                
    provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; 
                
    provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
                
    require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of a supermajority of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
     In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless such transactions are approved by our board of directors. This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, other provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay, or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us. 
  These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
  If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
  The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If adequate research coverage is not established or maintained on our company or if any of the analysts who may cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or provide relatively more favorable recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
  
   57 

Since we do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, our stockholders may be forced to sell their stock in order to obtain a return on their investment. 
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our senior credit facility with Bank of America restricts our ability to pay cash dividends. We plan to retain any future earnings to finance our operations and growth plans discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of shares of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
  The following table provides information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the three-months ended   September 30, 2016  .  All of the shares of common stock were surrendered to us to satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock.    

58 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits. 
                                          Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      
    Form 
      
    File No. 
      
    Exhibit 
      
    Filing Date 
      
    Filed Herewith 
      10.1** 
      
    First Amendment, dated July 15, 2016, to the New Services Addendum to Consumer Disclosure Agreement, entered into with Equifax Consumer Services LLC. 

X 

10.2    
      
    LifeLock, Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 

X 

10.3    
      
    LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan effective as of August 29, 2016. 

X 

10.4    
      
    Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement for Hilary Schneider, Richard Todd Davis and Douglas Jeffries. 

X 

10.5    
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan. 

X 

10.6    
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan. 

X 

10.7    
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan. 

X 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

32.1 
      
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

** 
    Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions 
                
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
     
   59 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIFELOCK, INC. 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Hilary Schneider 

Name: 
    Hilary Schneider 

Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Douglas Jeffries 

Name: 
    Douglas Jeffries 

Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

60 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 lock-ex101x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
  CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN REDACTED AND HAVE BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND COMMISSION 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
  NEW SERVICES ADDENDUM TO THE 
  CONSUMER DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
    
  This First Amendment to the New Services Addendum to the Consumer Disclosure Agreement (   Amendment   ) is made this 15   th    day of July, 2016 (   Effective Date   ), by and between Equifax Consumer Services LLC (   Equifax   ) and LifeLock, Inc. (   Broker   ).  All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Addendum (as defined below) or Agreement (as defined below), as applicable. 
    WHEREAS  , the Parties entered into that certain Consumer Disclosure Agreement dated December 23, 2015 (   Agreement   ) to allow Broker to make Equifax Credit Information available to the individual consumers who are the subject of the Equifax Credit Information, subject to the terms of the Agreement;  
    
  WHEREAS  , the Parties entered into that certain New Services Addendum to the Consumer Disclosure Agreement dated March 29, 2016 (the    Addendum   ) to add an interim Equifax hosted solution and make certain related changes, subject to the terms of the Addendum; and  
    
  WHEREAS  , the Parties desire to amend the Addendum to modify the implementation schedule upon the terms and conditions noted below. 
    
    NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
    
  1.        Amendments 
    
  1.1        Amendment to Section 1.2 of the Addendum - Implementation Schedule  .  Subsections (ii) and (iii) of Section 1.2 of the Addendum are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
  (ii) for the Equifax Products delivered via the Equifax API pursuant to the Agreement, no later than [***]; and (iii) for Single Bureau Credit monitoring services delivered via the Equifax API pursuant to the Agreement for those customers of Broker that are not enrolled in credit related products, no later than [***]. 
    
    1.2        Amendment to Section 6 of the Addendum - Term  .  In Section 6 of the Addendum, July 15, 2016 is hereby deleted and replaced with [***].  The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to meet the target dates set forth in the Issue Resolution Tracker attached hereto as Exhibit A (the    Issue Tracker   ).  The Issue Tracker is current as of the Effective Date and will be updated from time to time to reflect current implementation activities.  If the Equifax Products are not delivered via the API by [***], executives of each Party agree to convene an emergency meeting to discuss modifications to the Agreement. 
    
  2.        Effect of Amendment  . 
    
    2.1        Entire Agreement  .  This Amendment is entered into with the express agreement that except as addressed herein, all terms, conditions and stipulations contained in the Addendum and Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and without any change or modification whatsoever.  This Amendment together with the Addendum and Agreement (and any attachments, addenda, and supplements thereto) shall be the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter of the Amendment, and shall be binding upon each of the Parties hereto, their respective successors and to the extent permitted their assigns.   
    
    2.2        Amendment Controls  .  This Amendment supplements, but does not alter or supersede the Addendum or Agreement (and any attachments, addenda, and supplements thereto).  With respect to the subject matter of this Amendment, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions hereof, and the terms and conditions of the Addendum or Agreement or any other addenda thereto, the specific terms and conditions set forth in the Amendment shall govern. 

*** Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
  3.        Miscellaneous  . 
    
    3.1        Written Notice  .  This Amendment cannot be amended or otherwise modified, except as agreed to in writing by each of the Parties hereto. 
    
    3.2        Signing Authority  .  Each person signing below represents and warrants that he/she has the full power and authority to bind each principal to the obligations of this Amendment. 
    
    3.3        Counterparts; Electronic Signatures  .  This Amendment may be executed in separate counterparts, including original signatures transmitted and received by facsimile or other electronic means, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
    
  Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first written above. 

LifeLock, Inc. 

By: /S/ Vivin Ramamurthy 
    
  Name: Vivin Ramamurthy 
  Title: VP, Business Development 
      
  EQUIFAX INFORMATION SERVICES LLC 

By: /S/ Assad Lazarus 
    
  Name: Assad Lazarus 
  Title: SVP 

EXHIBIT A 
  Issue Resolution Tracker 
    
  [***] Exhibit A has been omitted from this exhibit and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

*** Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 lock-ex102x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
  LIFELOCK, INC.  

2012 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN  

1.   Purpose  . The purpose of the Plan is to provide incentive for present and future employees of the Company and any Designated Subsidiary to acquire a proprietary interest (or increase an existing proprietary interest) in the Company through the purchase of Common Stock. It is the Company s intention that the Plan qualify as an  employee stock purchase plan  under Section 423 of the Code. Accordingly, the provisions of the Plan shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with the requirements of that section of the Code.  
  2.   Definitions  . Capitalized terms used in this Plan and not otherwise defined will have the meaning set forth below: 
  (a)    Applicable Percentage    means, with respect to each Offering Period, eighty-five percent (85%), unless and until such Applicable Percentage is increased by the Committee, in its sole discretion, provided that any such increase in the Applicable Percentage with respect to a given Offering Period must be established not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the Offering Date thereof.  
  (b)    Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
  (c)    Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto.  
  (d)    Committee    means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan as described in Section 15 of the Plan or, if no such Committee is appointed, the Board.  
  (e)    Common Stock    means the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share.  
  (f)    Company    means LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
  (g)    Compensation    means, with respect to each Participant, the Participant s cash compensation for services rendered, as applicable, including hourly wages, salary, overtime pay, bonuses, commissions, differential pay, bereavement pay, payments for jury duty service, leave/vacation/paid time off, miscellaneous earnings paid in cash, referral pay, retroactive pay, training pay, and other amounts received paid in cash for personal services actually rendered in the course of employment with the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, to the extent that the amounts are includible in gross income. The term  Compensation  shall not include the following:  
  i. Contributions (other than elective contributions described in Section 402(e)(3), 408(k)(6), 408(p)(2)(A)(i), or 457(b) of the Code) made by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary to a plan of deferred compensation (including a simplified employee pension described in Section 408(k) of the Code or a simple retirement account described in Section 408(p) of the Code, and whether or not qualified) to the extent that the contributions are not includible in the gross income of the Employee for the taxable year in which contributed. In addition, any distributions from a plan of deferred compensation (whether or not qualified) are not considered as  Compensation  under the Plan, regardless of whether such amounts are includible in the gross income of the Employee when distributed.  
    
  ii. Amounts realized from the exercise of a stock option, or when restricted stock or other property held by an Employee either becomes freely transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture.  
  iii. Amounts realized from the sale, exchange, or other disposition of stock acquired under a statutory stock option (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(b)).  
  iv. Other amounts that receive special tax benefits, such as premiums for group-term life insurance or amounts that would have been received and includible in gross income but for an election under Section 125(a) of the Code.  
  v. Amounts reimbursed for relocation and tuition expenses (whether or not such amounts are includible in gross income of the Employee when reimbursed).  
  vi. Other items of remuneration that are similar to any of the items listed in paragraphs (i) through (v) of this Section 2(g).  
  (h)    Continuous Status as an Employee    means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an Employee. Continuous Status as an Employee shall not be considered interrupted in the case of a leave of absence agreed to in writing by the Company or the Designated Subsidiary that employs the Employee, provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days or reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute.  
  (i)    Designated Subsidiaries    means the Subsidiaries that have been designated by the Board or a Committee from time to time in its sole discretion as eligible to participate in the Plan.  

(j)    Employee    means any person whose customary employment with the Company or one of its Designated Subsidiaries is at least twenty (20) hours per week and more than five (5) months in any calendar year. The foregoing notwithstanding, an individual shall not be eligible if his or her participation in the Plan is prohibited by the law of any country that has jurisdiction over him or her or if compliance with the laws of the foreign jurisdiction would cause the Plan or offering under the Plan to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. The Committee has the discretion to determine (on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis or as otherwise permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.423-2), prior to an Entry Date for all options to be granted on such Entry Date, whether the definition of Employee will or will not include an individual that: (i) has not completed at least two (2) years of service since his or her last hire date (or such lesser period of time that the Committee determines), (ii) customarily works not more than twenty (20) hours per week (or such lesser period of time that the Committee determines), (iii) customarily works not more than five (5) months per calendar year (or such lesser period of time that the Committee determines), (iv) is a Highly Compensated Employee, or (v) is a Highly Compensated Employee with compensation above a certain level or is an officer or subject to the disclosure requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Each exclusion will be applied with respect to an Offering Period in a manner complying with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.423-2. 
  (k)        Entry Date    means the first day of each Offering Period.  
  (l)    Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
  (m)    Exercise Date    means the last Trading Day of each Offering Period.  
  (n)    Exercise Price    means the price per share of Common Stock offered in a given Offering Period determined as provided in Section 7(b).  
  (o)    Fair Market Value    means, with respect to a share of Common Stock, the Fair Market Value as determined under Section 7(c).  
  (p)    First Offering Date    means the commencement date of the initial public offering contemplated by the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
    
  (q)    Highly Compensated Employee    means any employee of the Company or one of its Designated Subsidiaries that on the Offering Date is a  highly compensated employee  within the meaning of section 414(q) of the Code.  
  (q)    Offering Date    means the first Trading Day of each Offering Period.  
  (r)    Offering Period    means, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(b), (i) with respect to the first Offering Period, the period beginning on the First Offering Date and ending on June 30, 2013, and (ii) with respect to each Offering Period thereafter, the period beginning on the first July 1 or January 1 immediately following the end of the previous Offering Period and ending on the date that is six (6) months thereafter.  
  (s)    Participant    means an Employee that participates in the Plan.  
  (t)    Plan    means this LifeLock, Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended from time to time.  
  (u)    Plan Contributions    means, with respect to each Participant, the lump sum cash transfers, if any, made by the Participant to the Plan pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(g)(ii) hereof, plus the after-tax payroll deductions, if any, withheld from the Compensation of the Participant and contributed to the Plan for the Participant as provided in Section 6 hereof, and any other amounts contributed to the Plan for the Participant in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  
  (v)    Subsidiary    means any corporation, domestic or foreign, of which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock, and that otherwise qualifies as a  subsidiary corporation  within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code.  
  (w)    Trading Day    means a day on which the national stock exchanges and the New York Stock Exchange are open for trading.  
  3.   Eligibility  .  
  (a)   First Offering Date  . Any individual who is an Employee as of the First Offering Date shall be eligible to become a Participant as of the First Offering Date.  
  (b)   Subsequent Offering Dates  . Any individual who is an Employee as of the Offering Date of a given Offering Period shall be eligible to become a Participant as of such Offering Date.  
  4.   Offering Periods  .  
  (a)   In General.   The Plan shall generally be implemented by a series of Offering Periods. The first Offering Period shall commence on the First Offering Date and end on June 30, 2013, and succeeding Offering Periods shall commence on the first July 1 or January 1 immediately following the end of the previous Offering Period and end on the date that is six (6) months thereafter.  
    
  (b)   Changes by Committee  .  
  i. The Committee shall have the power to make other changes to the duration and/or the frequency of Offering Periods with  

respect to future offerings if such change is announced at least five (5) days prior to the scheduled beginning of the first Offering Period to be affected.  
  ii. The Committee may shorten the duration of any Offering Period then in progress by requiring that it end immediately following the close of any Trading Day within that Offering Period (after the purchase of Common Stock on that Trading Day), if such change is announced at least five (5) days prior to the Trading Day on which the Committee proposes that the Offering Period terminate.  
  iii. If the Company determines that the accounting treatment of purchases under the Plan will change or has changed in a manner that is detrimental to the Company s best interests, then the Committee may, in its discretion, take any or all of the following actions: (A) terminate any Offering Period that is then ongoing immediately following the close of any Trading Day within that Offering Period (after the purchase of Common Stock on that Trading Day); (B) amend the Plan so that each offering under the Plan will reduce the effect of such detrimental accounting treatment; or (C) terminate any ongoing Offering Period at any time and refund any contributions to the applicable Participants.  
  5.   Participation  .  
  (a)   Entry Date for First Offering Period  . The Entry Date for the first Offering Period shall be the First Offering Date. All Employees who are eligible as of the First Offering Date shall automatically become Participants in the Plan as of the First Offering Date.  
  (b)   Entry Dates After First Offering Period  . Employees who were not eligible to become a Participant on the First Offering Date may elect to participate in the Plan commencing on any Entry Date on or after the date on which the Employee has met the eligibility requirements of Section 3(b) hereof by completing an enrollment agreement on the form provided by the Company and filing the enrollment agreement with the Company on or prior to such Entry Date, unless a later time for filing the enrollment agreement is set by the Committee for all eligible Employees with respect to a given offering. An enrollment agreement may be entered into using an electronic signature or other similar electronic means. 
  6.   Plan Contributions  .  
  (a)   Contribution by Payroll Deduction  . Except with respect to the first Offering Period, and except as otherwise authorized by the Committee, all contributions to the Plan shall be made only by payroll deductions. The Committee may, but need not, permit Participants on a uniform and non-discriminatory basis to make after-tax contributions to the Plan at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may in its discretion determine. All such additional contributions shall be made in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 423 of the Code or any successor thereto, and shall be treated in the same manner as payroll deductions contributed to the Plan as provided herein.  
  (b)   Payroll Deduction Election on Enrollment Agreement  . At the time a Participant files the enrollment agreement with respect to an Offering Period, the Participant may authorize payroll deductions to be made on each payroll date during the portion of the Offering Period that he or she is a Participant in an amount not less than 1% and not more than fifteen percent (15%) (or such other percentage as determined by the Committee and announced at least five (5) days prior to the first day of the Offering Period in which such change is to be made effective) of the Participant s Compensation on each payroll date during the portion of the Offering Period that he or she is a Participant. The amount of payroll deductions must be a whole percentage (e.g., 1%, 2%, 3%, etc.) of the Participant s Compensation.  
  (c)   Commencement of Payroll Deductions  . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee under rules applicable to all Participants, payroll deductions for Participants enrolling in the Plan after the First Offering Date under Section 5(b) shall commence with the earliest administratively practicable payroll period that begins on or after the Entry Date with respect to which the Participant files an enrollment agreement in accordance with Section 5(b).  
  (d)   Automatic Continuation of Payroll Deductions  . Unless a Participant elects otherwise prior to the last day of an Offering Period, such Participant shall be deemed (i) to have elected to participate in the immediately succeeding Offering Period (and, for purposes of such Offering Period the Participant s  Entry Date  shall be deemed to be the first day of such Offering Period) and (ii) to have authorized the same payroll deduction for the immediately succeeding Offering Period as was in effect for the Participant immediately prior to the commencement of the succeeding Offering Period.  
  (e)   Change of Payroll Deduction Election  . A Participant may decrease or increase the rate or amount of his or her payroll deductions during an Offering Period (within the limitations of Section 6(b) above) by completing and filing with the Company a new enrollment agreement authorizing a change in the rate or amount of payroll deductions;   provided  , that a Participant may not change the rate or amount of his or her payroll deductions more than two times in any Offering Period. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee under rules applicable to all Participants, the change in rate or amount shall be effective as of the earliest administratively practicable payroll period that begins on or after the date the Committee receives the new enrollment agreement. Additionally, a Participant may discontinue his or her participation in the Plan as provided in Section 13(a).  
  (f)   Automatic Changes in Payroll Deduction  . Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, Section 7(d) hereof, or any other applicable law, a Participant s payroll deductions may be decreased, including to 0%, at such time during any Offering Period which is scheduled to end during the current calendar year that the aggregate of all payroll deductions accumulated with respect to such Offering Period and any other Offering Period ending within the same calendar year are equal to the product of $25,000 multiplied by the Applicable Percentage for the calendar year. Payroll deductions shall recommence at the rate provided in the Participant s enrollment agreement at the beginning of the following Offering Period which is scheduled to end in the following calendar  

year, unless the Participant terminates participation as provided in Section 13(a).  
  (g)   Special Rule for the Initial Offering Period  .  
  i.   Prior to Effectiveness of Form S-8  . No payroll deductions shall be made (and no payroll deduction elections shall be accepted) by the Company for Participants during the initial Offering Period prior to the time that a registration statement with respect to the shares of Common Stock being offered under the Plan has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8, and is effective. Each Participant shall be eligible to purchase shares of Common Stock on the Exercise Date of the initial Offering Period in an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate purchase price for Two Thousand (2,000) shares of Common Stock or (B) fifteen percent (15%) of the Compensation that the Participant receives during the initial Offering Period.  
  ii.   After Effectiveness of Form S-8  . Once the registration statement with respect to the shares of Common Stock being offered under the Plan has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8, and is effective, a Participant may, but need not, make a payroll deduction election with respect to the initial Offering Period by filing an enrollment agreement containing the payroll deduction election with the Company, as provided in Section 6(b) above. A Participant may elect a lower level of participation than that provided in Section 6(g)(i) above with respect to the initial Offering Period at that time, or may withdraw from the Plan. If a Participant does not file an enrollment agreement within sixty (60) days of the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the shares of Common Stock being offered under the Plan that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8, the Participant is deemed to have withdrawn from the Plan pursuant to Section 13(a) hereof. If a payroll deduction is elected under this Section 6(g)(ii), payroll deductions may commence as early as with the first pay period beginning after the First Offering Date. Subject to the overall participation level specified in Section 6(g)(i), the rate of payroll deduction during the initial Offering Period may exceed the maximum permitted rate under Section 6(b) hereof to make up for the payroll deductions, if any, which would otherwise have been made prior to the effectiveness of the Form S-8 with respect to the Plan. If a payroll deduction election is made under this Section 6(g)(ii), payroll deductions shall continue at the rate elected by the Participant for subsequent Offering Periods (or at lesser amounts as shall be required to comply with the limits under Section 6(b) hereof), unless the Participant makes a change permitted under Section 6(e), or withdraws from the Plan under Section 13(a). Alternatively, the Committee may permit purchases on the first Exercise Date of the initial Offering Period to be made by direct lump sum cash transfer by the Participant.  
  iii.   Subsequent Offering Periods  .   For all Offering Periods subsequent to the initial Offering Period, purchases generally must be made via payroll deduction. Participants in the initial Offering Period who do not make a payroll deduction election pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii) must file an enrollment agreement containing a payroll deduction election with respect to subsequent Offering Periods with the Company prior to the commencement of a subsequent Offering Period (unless a later time for filing is set by the Committee for all Participants) in order to make further purchases under the Plan. Payroll deductions for Participants required to file a payroll deduction election under this Section 6(g)(iii) shall commence, except as otherwise determined by the Committee under rules applicable to all Participants, effective as of the earliest administratively practicable payroll period that begins on or after the first day of the subsequent Offering Period. A Participant who does not timely file an enrollment agreement shall be treated as having withdrawn under Section 13(a) hereof.  
  7.   Grant of Option  .  
  (a)   Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option  . On a Participant s Entry Date, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7(d) and this Section 7(a), the Participant shall be granted an option to purchase on the Exercise Date during the Offering Period in which such Entry Date occurs (at the Exercise Price determined as provided in Section 7(b) below) up to a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing such Participant s Plan Contributions accumulated prior to such Exercise Date and retained in the Participant s account as of such Exercise Date by the Exercise Price;   provided  , that the maximum number of shares a Participant may purchase during any Offering Period shall be Two Thousand (2,000) shares, or such other amount as determined by the Committee and announced at least five (5) days prior to the first day of the Offering Period in which such change is to be made effective.  
  (b)   Exercise Price  . The Exercise Price per share of Common Stock offered to each Participant in a given Offering Period shall be the lower of: (i) the Applicable Percentage of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering Date, or (ii) the Applicable Percentage of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Exercise Date.  
  (c)   Fair Market Value  . The Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on a given date shall be determined by the Committee or under procedures established by the Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of any given date shall be the closing sale price per share reported on a consolidated basis for stock listed on the principal stock exchange or market on which shares are traded on the date as of which such value is being determined, or, if there is no sale on that date, then on the last previous day on which a sale was reported. For purposes of the First Offering Date, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the Price to Public as set forth in the final prospectus filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
  (d)   Limitation on Options that may be Granted  . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant shall be granted an option under the Plan (i) to the extent that if, immediately after the grant, such Employee (or any other person whose stock would be attributed to such Employee pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) would own stock and/or hold outstanding options to purchase stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) to the extent that his or her rights to purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value of Common Stock (determined at the time such option is granted) for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time.  

(e)   No Rights as Stockholder  . A Participant will have no interest or voting right in shares covered by his or her option until such option has been exercised.  
  8.   Exercise of Options  .  
  (a)   Automatic Exercise  . A Participant s option for the purchase of shares shall be exercised automatically on each Exercise Date, and the maximum number of full shares subject to the option shall be purchased for the Participant at the applicable Exercise Price with the accumulated Plan Contributions then credited to the Participant s account under the Plan. During a Participant s lifetime, a Participant s option to purchase shares hereunder is exercisable only by the Participant.  
  (b)   Carryover of Excess Contributions  . Any amount remaining to the credit of a Participant s account after the purchase of shares by the Participant on an Exercise Date, or which is insufficient to purchase a full share of Common Stock, shall remain in the Participant s account, and be carried over to the next Offering Period, unless the Participant withdraws from participation in the Plan or elects to withdraw his or her account balance in accordance with Section 10(c).  
  9.   Issuance of Shares  .  
  (a)   Delivery of Shares  . As promptly as practicable after each Exercise Date, the Company shall arrange for the delivery to each Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary), as appropriate, or to a custodial account held by a custodian appointed by the Company for the benefit of each Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary), as appropriate, of a certificate representing the shares purchased upon exercise of the Participant s option or, at the Company s option, through appropriate book entry procedures. The Company may require that shares be retained with such custodian for a designated period of time and/or may establish other procedures to permit tracking of disqualifying dispositions of such shares.  
  (b)   Registration of Shares  . Shares to be delivered to a Participant under the Plan will be registered in the name of the Participant or in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse, as requested by the Participant.  
    
  (c)   Compliance with Applicable Laws  . The Plan, the grant and exercise of options to purchase shares under the Plan, and the Company s obligation to sell and deliver shares upon the exercise of options to purchase shares shall be subject to compliance with all applicable federal, state, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations and the requirements of any stock exchange on which the shares may then be listed.  
  (d)   Withholding  . The Company may make such provisions as it deems appropriate for withholding by the Company pursuant to federal or state tax laws of such amounts as the Company determines it is required to withhold in connection with the purchase or sale by a Participant of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. The Company may require a Participant to satisfy any relevant tax requirements before authorizing any issuance of Common Stock to such Participant.  
  10.   Participant Accounts  .  
  (a)   Bookkeeping Accounts Maintained  . Individual bookkeeping accounts will be maintained for each Participant in the Plan to account for the balance of his Plan Contributions, options issued, and shares purchased under the Plan. However, all Plan Contributions made for a Participant shall be deposited in the Company s general corporate accounts, and no interest shall accrue or be credited with respect to a Participant s Plan Contributions. All Plan Contributions received or held by the Company may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate or otherwise set apart such Plan Contributions from any other corporate funds.  
  (b)   Participant Account Statements  . Statements of account will be given to Participants semi-annually in due course following each Exercise Date, which statements will set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the per share purchase price, the number of shares purchased, and the remaining cash balance, if any.  
  (c)   Withdrawal of Account Balance Following Exercise Date  . A Participant may elect at any time within the first thirty (30) days following any Offering Period, or at such other time as the Committee may from time to time prescribe, to receive in cash any amounts carried-over in accordance with Section 8(b). An election under this Section 10(c) shall not be treated as a withdrawal from participation in the Plan under Section 13(a).  
  11.   Designation of Beneficiary  .  
  (a)   Designation  . A Participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any shares and cash, if any, from the Participant s account under the Plan in the event of the Participant s death subsequent to an Exercise Date on which the Participant s option hereunder is exercised but prior to delivery to the Participant of such shares and cash. In addition, a Participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any cash from the Participant s account under the Plan in the event of the Participant s death prior to the exercise of the option.  
  (b)   Change of Designation  . A Participant s beneficiary designation may be changed by the Participant at any time by written notice. In the event of the death of a Participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under the Plan who is living at the time of such Participant s death, the Company shall deliver such shares and/or cash to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, or if no such executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its discretion, may deliver such shares and/or cash to the spouse or to any one or more dependents or relatives of the Participant, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate.  

12.   Transferability  . Neither Plan Contributions credited to a Participant s account nor any rights to exercise any option or receive shares of Common Stock under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of in any way (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or as provided in Section 11). Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, or other distribution shall be without effect, except that the Company may treat such act as an election to withdraw in accordance with Section 13(a).  
  13.   Withdrawal; Termination of Employment.    
  (a)   Withdrawal  . A Participant may withdraw from the Plan at any time after the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 with respect to the Plan is effective by giving written notice to the Company. Payroll deductions, if any have been authorized, shall cease as soon as administratively practicable after receipt of the Participant s notice of withdrawal, and, subject to administrative practicability, no further purchases shall be made for the Participant s account. All Plan Contributions credited to the Participant s account, if any, and not yet invested in Common Stock, will be paid to the Participant as soon as administratively practicable after receipt of the Participant s notice of withdrawal. The Participant s unexercised options to purchase shares pursuant to the Plan automatically will be terminated. Payroll deductions will not resume on behalf of a Participant who has withdrawn from the Plan (a    Former Participant   ) unless the Former Participant enrolls in a subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Section 5(b).  
  (b)   Effect of Withdrawal on Subsequent Participation  . A Participant s withdrawal from an Offering Period will not have any effect upon the Participant s eligibility to participate in succeeding Offering Periods or in any similar plan which may hereafter be adopted by the Company.  
  (c)   Termination of Employment  . Upon termination of a Participant s Continuous Status as an Employee prior to any Exercise Date for any reason, including retirement or death, the Plan Contributions credited to the Participant s account and not yet invested in Common Stock will be returned to the Participant or, in the case of death, to the Participant s beneficiary as determined pursuant to Section 11, and the Participant s option to purchase shares under the Plan will automatically terminate.  
  14.   Common Stock Available under the Plan  .  
  (a)   Number of Shares  . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14(b) below, the maximum number of shares of the Company s Common Stock that shall be made available for sale under the Plan shall be 2,000,000 shares, plus an automatic annual increase on the first day of each of the Company s fiscal years beginning in 2013 and ending in 2022 equal to the lesser of (i) 1,500,000 shares, (ii) one percent (1%) of all shares of Common Stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) a lesser amount determined by the Board. Shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan may be newly issued shares or shares reacquired in private transactions or open market purchases. If and to the extent that any right to purchase reserved shares shall not be exercised by any Participant for any reason or if such right to purchase shall terminate as provided herein, shares that have not been so purchased hereunder shall again become available for the purpose of the Plan unless the Plan shall have been terminated, but all shares sold under the Plan, regardless of source, shall be counted against the limitation set forth above.  
  (b)   Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization; Corporate Transactions.    
  i. If the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased, or are changed into or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares, as a result of one or more reorganizations, restructurings, recapitalizations, reclassifications, stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, or the like, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, substitute, exchange, or adjust any or all of the number and/or kind of shares, and the per-share option price thereof, which may be issued in the aggregate and to any Participant upon exercise of options granted under the Plan, including, without limitation, the maximum number of shares a Participant may purchase during any Offering Period under Section 7(a) hereof.  
  ii. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Offering Period will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action, unless otherwise provided by the Committee.  
  iii. In the event of a proposed sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or the merger of the Company with or into another corporation (each, a    Sale Transaction   ), each option under the Plan shall be assumed or an equivalent option shall be substituted by such successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation, unless the Committee determines, in the exercise of its sole discretion and in lieu of such assumption or substitution, to shorten the Offering Period then in progress by setting a new Exercise Date (the    New Exercise Date   ). If the Committee shortens the Offering Period then in progress in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a Sale Transaction, the Committee shall notify each Participant in writing, at least ten (10) days prior to the New Exercise Date, that the exercise date for such Participant s option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that such Participant s option will be exercised automatically on the New Exercise Date, unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Plan as provided in Section 13(a). For purposes of this Section 14(b), an option granted under the Plan shall be deemed to have been assumed if, following the Sale Transaction, the option confers the right to purchase, for each share of option stock subject to the option immediately prior to the Sale Transaction, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Sale Transaction by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock held on the effective date of the Sale Transaction (and if such holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock);   provided  , that if the consideration received in the Sale Transaction was not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent (as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code), the Committee may, with the consent of the successor corporation and the Participant, provide for the consideration to be received upon exercise of the option to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by the holders of Common Stock in the Sale Transaction.  

iv. In all cases, the Committee shall have sole discretion to exercise any of the powers and authority provided under this Section 14, and the Committee s actions hereunder shall be final and binding on all Participants. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the Plan pursuant to any adjustment authorized under the provisions of this Section 14.  
  15.   Administration  .  
  (a)   Committee  . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority to interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The administration, interpretation, or application of the Plan by the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all persons.  
  (b)   Requirements of Exchange Act  . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 15(a) above, in the event that Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor provision thereto (   Rule 16b-3   ) provides specific requirements for the administrators of plans of this type, the Plan shall only be administered by such body and in such a manner as shall comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3. Unless permitted by Rule 16b-3, no discretion concerning decisions regarding the Plan shall be afforded to any person that is not  disinterested  as that term is used in Rule 16b-3.  
  16.   Amendment, Suspension, and Termination of the Plan  .  
  (a)   Amendment of the Plan  . The Board or the Committee may at any time, or from time to time, amend the Plan in any respect;   provided  , that (i) no such amendment may make any change in any option theretofore granted which adversely affects the rights of any Participant and (ii) the Plan may not be amended in any way that will cause rights issued under the Plan to fail to meet the requirements for employee stock purchase plans as defined in Section 423 of the Code or any successor thereto. To the extent necessary to comply with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, Section 423 of the Code, or any other applicable law or regulation, the Company shall obtain stockholder approval of any such amendment.  
  (b)   Suspension of the Plan  . The Board or the Committee may, as of the close of any Offering Date, suspend the Plan;   provided  , that the Board or Committee provides notice to the Participants at least five (5) business days prior to the suspension. The Board or Committee may resume the normal operation of the Plan as of any Offering Date;   provided  ,   further  , that the Board or Committee provides notice to the Participants at least twenty (20) business days prior to the date of termination of the suspension period. A Participant shall remain a Participant in the Plan during any suspension period (unless he or she withdraws pursuant to Section 13(a)), however no options shall be granted or exercised, and no payroll deductions shall be made in respect of any Participant during the suspension period. Participants shall have the right to withdraw carryover funds provided in Section 10(c) throughout any suspension period. The Plan shall resume its normal operation upon termination of a suspension period.  
  (c)   Termination of the Plan  . The Plan and all rights of Employees hereunder shall terminate on the earliest of:  
  i. the Exercise Date that Participants become entitled to purchase a number of shares greater than the number of reserved shares remaining available for purchase under the Plan;  
  ii. such date as is determined by the Board in its discretion; or  
  iii. the last Exercise Date immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Plan s effective date.  
  In the event that the Plan terminates under circumstances described in Section 16(c)(i) above, reserved shares remaining as of the termination date shall be sold to Participants on a   pro rata   basis, based on the relative value of their cash account balances in the Plan as of the termination date. In the event that the Plan terminates, the cash balance remaining in Participants  accounts, if any, will be paid to Participants as soon as administratively practicable after the termination date.  
  17.   Notices  . All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof.  
  18.   Expenses of the Plan  . All costs and expenses incurred in administering the Plan shall be paid by the Company, except that any stamp duties or transfer taxes applicable to participation in the Plan may be charged to the account of such Participant by the Company.  
    
  19.   No Employment Rights  . The Plan does not, directly or indirectly, create any right for the benefit of any Employee or class of Employees to purchase any shares under the Plan, or create in any Employee or class of Employees any right with respect to continuation of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary, and it shall not be deemed to interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate, or otherwise modify, an Employee s employment at any time.  
  20.   Applicable Law  . The internal laws of the State of Delaware shall govern all matter relating to this Plan except to the extent (if any) superseded by the laws of the United States.  
  21.   Additional Restrictions of Rule 16b-3  . The terms and conditions of options granted hereunder to, and the purchase of shares by, persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3. This Plan shall be deemed to contain, and such options shall contain, and the shares issued upon exercise thereof shall be subject to, such additional conditions and restrictions as may be required by Rule 16b-3 to qualify for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to  

Plan transactions.  
  22.   Effective Date  . Subject to adoption of the Plan by the Board, the Plan shall become effective on the First Offering Date. The Board shall submit the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board.  
  23.   Equal Rights And Privileges  . All eligible Employees granted an option under this Plan that is intended to meet the Code Section 423 requirements shall have equal rights and privileges with respect to this Plan or within any separate offering under the Plan so that this Plan qualifies as an  employee stock purchase plan  within the meaning of Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code and the related regulations. Any provision of this Plan which is inconsistent with Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code shall, without further act or amendment by the Company, the Committee, or the Board, be reformed to comply with the requirements of Section 423. This Section 23 shall take precedence over all other provisions in this Plan.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 lock-ex103x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  LIFELOCK, INC. SEVERANCE PLAN 
  (Effective as of August 29, 2016) 
    
  Consolidated Plan and Summary Plan Description 
    
  1.  Introduction  .  This Severance Plan (as may be amended from time to time, this    Plan   ) has been adopted by LifeLock, Inc. (the    Company   ), effective as of August 29, 2016, in order to provide specified severance pay and benefits to eligible employees of the Company and/or its affiliates who (a) incur qualifying terminations of employment, and (b) abide by the terms and conditions of participation in, and receipt of such pay and benefits, as set forth in the Plan.   
    
  The Plan is an  employee welfare benefit plan,  as defined in Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (   ERISA   ).  This document constitutes both the written instrument under which the Plan is maintained and the summary plan description for the Plan, as required by ERISA.  
    
  2.  Important Terms  .  The following capitalized words and phrases will have the meanings set forth in this Section 2: 
    
  2.1         Administrator      means the Company, acting through the Board (as defined below), the Compensation Committee of the Board or another duly constituted committee of members of the Board, or any person to whom the Administrator has delegated any authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan pursuant to Section 11, but only to the extent of such delegation. 
    
  2.2         Board      means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
    
    2.3         Cause      means any of the following reasons:   
    
  (a)  An act of personal dishonesty, fraud or embezzlement by the Eligible Employee; 
    
  (b)  A demonstrably willful and deliberate violation by the Eligible Employee of his or her obligations under any written employment agreement or offer letter between the Employer and Eligible Employee or confidentiality and proprietary rights and/or non-solicitation agreement between the Employer and Eligible Employee, which is not remedied in a reasonable period of time (but no later than fifteen (15) days) after receipt of written notice from the Employer;  
    
  (c)  A willful or deliberate refusal by the Eligible Employee to follow the lawful reasonable requests or instructions of the Board or the Eligible Employee s direct supervisor, which is not remedied in a reasonable period of time after receipt of written notice from the Employer;  

(d)  A conviction of the Eligible Employee for any criminal act that is a felony or that is a crime involving acts of personal dishonesty causing material harm to the standing and reputation of the Employer; or In the case of an Eligible Employee who is employed by the Employer as legal counsel to the Employer, the loss, revocation or suspension of the Eligible Employee s license to practice law in any state in which he or she is licensed to practice, other than any short-term suspension for non-payment of license fees or other similar procedural reasons or his or her voluntary withdrawal of his or her license to practice law in any state.   
    
    2.4         Change in Control      means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
    
  (a)  The acquisition by any Person (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, and including a  group  as defined in Section 13(d) thereof) of Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than fifty percent (50%) of either (i) the value of the then outstanding equity securities of the Company (the    Outstanding Company Stock   ) or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the    Outstanding Company Voting Securities   ) (the foregoing Beneficial Ownership hereinafter being referred to as a    Controlling Interest    provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 2.4, the following acquisitions shall not constitute or result in a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company; (B) any acquisition by the Company; (C) any acquisition by any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest; (D) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any parent or subsidiary thereof; or (E) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (1), (2) and (3) of subsection (c) below; or 
    
  (b)  During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the Effective Date) individuals who constitute the Board on the Effective Date (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or 
    
  (c)  Consummation of (i) a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange, or consolidation or similar transaction involving (A) the Company or (B) any of its subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (B) only if equity securities of the Company are issued or issuable in connection with the transaction (each of the events referred to in this clause (i) being hereinafter referred to as a    Business Reorganization   ), or (ii) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or equity of another entity by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each an    Asset Sale   ), in each case, unless, following such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the value of the then outstanding equity securities and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of members of the board of directors  

(or comparable governing body of an entity that does not have such a board), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the    Continuing Entity   ) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be (excluding any outstanding equity or voting securities of the Continuing Entity that such Beneficial Owners hold immediately following the consummation of the Business Reorganization or Asset Sale as a result of their ownership, prior to such consummation, of equity or voting securities of any company or other entity involved in or forming part of such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale other than the Company), (2) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or any Continuing Entity or any entity controlled by the Continuing Corporation or any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the value of the then outstanding equity securities of the Continuing Entity or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Continuing Entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, and (3) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of the Continuing Entity were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale; or 
    
  (d)  Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
    
    2.5         Change in Control Period      means the time period beginning on the date that is three (3) months before a Change in Control and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after such Change in Control. 
    
    2.6         Code      means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  Any reference to a specific section of the Code will include such section and any valid regulation or other applicable guidance that has been promulgated under such section and is in effect. 
    
    2.7         Company      means LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor as described in Section 21. 
    
    2.8         Constructive Termination      has the meaning set forth in the Participant s Participation Agreement for such term.  The determination of whether a Constructive Termination exists, including the determination of the cure of any event and/or breach constituting a Constructive Termination, will be made in all cases by the Administrator in accordance with authorities and deference afforded to the Administrator under Section 11 of the Plan. 
    
  2.9         Disability      means Eligible Employee s (i) inability to perform his or her essential duties and responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) total and permanent disability and inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity related to his or her essential duties by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months.  The Administrator will determine whether an Eligible Employee has incurred a Disability in accordance with uniform and nondiscriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time, based on such evidence as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable.  The Administrator may employ one or more  

physicians to examine an Eligible Employee and to investigate health or medical statements made by or on behalf of the Eligible Employee and may rely upon such evidence as it deems sufficient.  The Administrator s determination as to an Eligible Employee s Disability will be final and binding.    
    
    2.10         Effective Date      means August 29, 2016.  
    
    2.11         Eligible Employee      means an employee of the Company or of any parent or subsidiary of the Company who has been designated by the Administrator as being eligible to participate in the Plan.   
    
    2.12         Employer      means, with respect to an Eligible Employee, the Company or the parent or subsidiary of the Company that directly employs such employee. 
    
    2.13         ERISA      means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  Any reference to a specific section of ERISA will include such section and any valid regulation or other applicable guidance that has been promulgated under such section and is in effect. 
    
    2.14         Equity Awards      mean a Participant s outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other Company equity compensation awards, if any. 
    
    2.15         Involuntary Termination      means an Eligible Employee s termination of employment with the Employer under the circumstances described in Section 4.   
    
    2.16         Monthly Base Salary      means an Eligible Employee s monthly base salary rate in effect immediately before the date on which his or her Involuntary Termination occurs; provided, however, that in the event such Involuntary Termination occurs during a Change in Control Period, then the Eligible Employee s Monthly Base Salary will not be less than his or her monthly base salary rate in effect immediately before the Change in Control Period.  The determination of the amount of a Participant s Monthly Base Salary will be made by the Administrator, in accordance with the records of the Employer. 
    
    2.17         Participant      means an Eligible Employee who has timely and properly executed and delivered his or her Participation Agreement to the Administrator, as set forth therein.  A Participant s Severance Benefit levels will be determined by the Administrator and reflected in the Participant s Participation Agreement, as designated by the Administrator in its sole discretion. 
    
    2.18         Participation Agreement      means the individual agreement provided by the Administrator to an employee of an Employer designating such employee as an Eligible Employee under the Plan.  A form of Participation Agreement is attached hereto as Appendix A. 
    
    2.19         Section 409A      means Section 409A of the Code. 
    
    2.20         Severance Benefits      means the compensation and other benefits that a Participant will be provided in the circumstances described in Section 4 and set forth in his or her Participation Agreement. 
    
    2.21         Target Bonus      means the greater of the Participant s annualized target bonus amount under the applicable Employer bonus plan, as in effect for the performance period in which the Participant s Involuntary Termination occurs, or if greater, such target bonus amount as in effect for the  

performance period in which the Change in Control occurs.  
    
  3.  Eligibility for Severance Benefits  .  An individual is eligible for Severance Benefits under the Plan, as described in Section 4, only if he or she is an Eligible Employee on the date he or she experiences an Involuntary Termination and otherwise satisfies the requirements of the Plan.  
    
  4.  Involuntary Termination  .   
    
  4.1      Involuntary Termination During Change in Control Period  .  If, during a Change in Control Period, (a) a Participant terminates his or her employment with the Employer due to a Constructive Termination, or (b) the Employer terminates the Participant's employment for a reason reason other than Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, then, solely to the extent specifically provided in the Participant s Participation Agreement, the Participant will receive the following Severance Benefits, subject to Section 10 and the Participant s compliance with Section 6:   
    
  4.1.1      Cash Severance Benefit.    Continuing payments of cash severance, payable in accordance with the Employer s payroll practice as in effect from time to time, as set forth in the Participant s Participation Agreement; 
    
  4.1.2      In-lieu of COBRA Benefit  .  If the Participant and any spouse and/or other dependents of the Participant (   Family Members   ) have coverage under the group health plan(s) sponsored by the Company on the date of the Participant s Involuntary Termination (such coverage,    Qualifying Health Coverage   ), a lump sum cash payment in an aggregate amount equal to a specified number of months of the Monthly COBRA Premium Amount (as defined below), as set forth in the Participant s Participation Agreement.     Monthly COBRA Premium Amount    for this purpose means the applicable monthly premium that the Participant otherwise would be required to pay to continue Qualifying Health Coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, as amended (   COBRA   ), which amount will be determined based on the premium otherwise payable for the first month of such COBRA continuation coverage, including the two-percent (2%) administrative charge.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such payment will be made regardless of whether the Participant (and/or any Family Members) actually elect COBRA continuation coverage; and  
    
  4.1.3      Equity Award Vesting Acceleration Benefit  .  The Participant s Equity Awards will accelerate and vest to the extent provided in the Participant s Participation Agreement. 
    
    4.2      Involuntary Termination Other Than During a Change in Control Period  .  If (a) the Employer terminates a Participant s employment for a reason other than Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, or (b) the Participant terminates his or her employment with the Employer due to a Constructive Termination, but only if so provided in the Participant s Participation Agreement, and in either case such Involuntary Termination does not occur during a Change in Control Period, then, solely to the extent specifically provided in the Participant s Participation Agreement, the Participant will receive the following Severance Benefits, subject to Section 10 and the Participant s compliance with Section 6: 
    
  4.2.1      Cash Severance Benefit.    Continuing payments of cash severance, payable in accordance with the Employer s payroll practice as in effect from time to time, as set forth in the Participant s Participation Agreement; and 
    
  4.2.2      In-Lieu of COBRA Benefit  .  If the Participant and any Family Members have Qualifying Health Coverage, a lump sum cash payment in an aggregate amount equal to a specified  

number of months of the Monthly COBRA Premium Amount, as set forth in the Participant s Participation Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such payment will be made regardless of whether the Participant (and/or any Family Members) actually elect COBRA continuation coverage; and 
    
  4.2.3      Equity Award Vesting Acceleration Benefit  .   The Participant s Equity Awards will accelerate and vest to the extent provided in the Participant s Participation Agreement.  
    
  For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) a Participant incurs an Involuntary Termination under the circumstances described in this Section 4.2 before a Change in Control, which qualifies the Participant for a Severance Benefit under Section 4.2.1, 4.2.2 and/or 4.2.3, and (ii) a Change in Control occurs within the two (2)-month period following the Involuntary Termination, which would otherwise qualify the Participant for a superior Severance Benefit under Section 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and/or 4.1.3, respectively, then the Participant instead will be eligible to receive such superior Severance Benefit, which will be reduced by the applicable amount, if any, previously paid under this Section 4.2. 
    
  5.  Limitation on Payments  .      In the event that the Severance Benefits or other payments and benefits payable or provided to a Participant (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (   Section     280G   ) and (ii) but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (   Section 4999   ), then the Participant s Severance Benefits or such other payments or benefits (collectively, the    280G Amounts   ) will be either: 
    
  (a)  delivered in full; or  
    
  (b)  delivered as to such lesser extent that would result in no portion of the 280G Amounts being subject to the excise tax under Section 4999;  
    
  whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of 280G Amounts, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the 280G Amounts may be taxable under Section 4999.  
    
    5.1      Reduction Order  .  In the event that a reduction of 280G Amounts is made in accordance with this Section 5, the reduction will occur, with respect to the 280G Amounts considered parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G, in the following order:   
    
  (a)  reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced);  
    
  (b)  cancellation of equity awards that were granted  contingent on a change in ownership or control  within the meaning of Section 280G in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first);  
    
  (c)  reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first); and  
    
  (d)  reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the  

first benefit to be reduced).   
    
  In no event will the Participant have any discretion with respect to the ordering of payment reductions. 
    
    5.2      Nationally Recognized Firm Requirement  .  Unless the Company and the Participant otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 5 will be made in writing by a nationally recognized accounting or valuation firm (the    Firm   ) selected by the Administrator, whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon the Participant and the Company for all purposes.  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 5, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999.  The Company and the Participant will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 5.  The Company will bear the costs and make all payments for the Firm s services in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 5. 
    
  6.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance Benefits  . 
    
    6.1      Release Agreement  .  Notwithstanding any contrary Plan provision, as a condition to receiving any Severance Benefits, a Participant will be required to sign and not revoke a separation and release of claims agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company (the    Release   ).  The Release will not include any post-employment restrictions beyond any such restrictions that the Participant has previously agreed to in a written agreement or agreements with the Employer.  In all cases, the Release must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60   th   ) calendar day following the Participant s Involuntary Termination (the    Release Deadline Date   ).  If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline Date, the Participant will forfeit any right to receive the Severance Benefits.  In no event will any Severance Benefits be paid or provided until the Release becomes effective and irrevocable.   
    
    6.2      Other Requirements  .  A Participant s receipt of Severance Benefits will be subject to his or her continuing to comply with the provisions of the Participant s Release and the terms of any confidentiality, proprietary rights and non-solicitation agreement, and any other written agreement or agreements between the Participant and the Employer under which the Participant has a material duty or obligation to the Employer.  Any Severance Benefits will terminate immediately for a Participant if he or she, at any time, violates any such agreement and/or his or her Release.  
    
  7.  Timing of Severance Benefits  .  Provided that a Participant s Release becomes effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline Date (as defined in Section 6.1) and subject to Section 9 and the terms of the Participant s Participation Agreement, any Severance Benefits will be paid, or in the case of installments, will commence, on the first Employer payroll date following the Release Deadline Date (the    Payment Date   ), and any Severance Benefits otherwise payable to the Participant during the period immediately following the Participant s Involuntary Termination through the Payment Date will be paid in a lump sum to the Participant on the Payment Date, with any remaining payments to be made as provided in the Plan or the Participant s Participation Agreement, as applicable.  
    
  8.  Non-Duplication of Benefits  .  In the event that a Participant becomes entitled to receive a Severance Benefit under this Plan and such benefit duplicates a benefit that would otherwise be provided to the Participant under any other Employer plan, program or arrangement, or under a written employment agreement or offer of employment letter between the Participant and the Employer (collectively, the    Other Plan   ), as a result of the Participant's Involuntary Termination, then the Participant will be entitled  

to receive the greater of the Severance Benefit available under this Plan, on the one hand, and the benefit available under such Other Plan, on the other.   
    
  9.  Section 409A  . 
    
  9.1    Notwithstanding any contrary Plan provision, no Severance Benefits to be paid or provided to a Participant, if any, which, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (collectively, the    Deferred Payments   ), will be paid or provided until the Participant has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A (a    Separation from Service   ).  Similarly, no Severance Benefits payable to a Participant, if any, which otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9), will be payable until the Participant has a Separation from Service. 
    
  9.2    It is intended that none of the Severance Benefits will constitute Deferred Payments but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as payments that would fall within the  short-term deferral period  or result from an involuntary separation from service (as defined in Section 409A), as described in Section 9.4.  It is also intended that to the extent any such Severance Benefits are not otherwise excluded from coverage under Section 409A pursuant to the exceptions in the immediately preceding sentence, they are excluded from coverage under Section 409A pursuant to the  limited payment  exception under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(D), but only to the extent permitted by such regulation.  In no event will a Participant have discretion to determine the taxable year of payment of any Deferred Payment.  Any Severance Benefits that would be considered Deferred Payments will be paid on the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the Participant s Separation from Service, or if later, such time as required by Section 9.3.  Further, except as required by Section 9.3, any Severance Benefits that, but for the immediately preceding sentence, would have been made to the Participant during the sixty (60)-day period immediately following the Participant s Separation from Service will be paid to the Participant on the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the Participant s Separation from Service and any remaining payments will be made as provided in this Plan. 
    
  9.3    Notwithstanding any contrary Plan provision, if an Eligible Employee is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of his or her Separation from Service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following such Separation from Service, will become payable on the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of such Separation from Service.  Any subsequent Deferred Payment, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to such payment.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of the Participant s death following his or her Separation from Service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of such Separation from Service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this Section 9.3 will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of the Participant s death and any other Deferred Payment will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to such payment.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Plan is intended to constitute a separate payment under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
    
  9.4    Any amount paid under this Plan that satisfies the requirements of the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) that does not exceed the limit set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) will not constitute a Deferred Payment for purposes of Section 9.1. 

9.5    The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Severance Benefits to be provided under the Plan will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt.  For purposes of the Plan, to the extent required to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A, any references to an Eligible Employee s Involuntary Termination or similar phrases relating to the termination of an Eligible Employee s employment will be references to his or her Separation from Service (as defined in Section 9.1).  Notwithstanding any contrary Plan provision, including but not limited to Section 14, the Company, by action of the Administrator, reserves the right to amend the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any Participant or other person or entity, to comply with Section 409A or to avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any Severance Benefits or imposition of any additional tax.  In no event will an Employer reimburse any Participant or other person or entity for any taxes imposed or any other costs incurred as result of Section 409A. 
    
  10.  Withholdings  .  The Employer will withhold from any Severance Benefits any applicable U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxes required to be withheld and any other required payroll deductions. 
    
  11.  Administration  .  The Company is the administrator of the Plan (within the meaning of section 3(16)(A) of ERISA).  The Plan will be administered and interpreted by the Administrator (in its sole discretion).  The Administrator is the  named fiduciary  of the Plan for purposes of ERISA.  Any decision made or other action taken by the Administrator (or its authorized delegates) with respect to the Plan, and any interpretation by the Administrator (or its authorized delegates) of any term or condition of the Plan, or any related document, will be conclusive and binding on all persons and be given the maximum possible deference allowed by law.  In accordance with Section 2.1, the Administrator (a) may, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, delegate in writing to one or more officers of the Company all or any portion of its authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan, and (b) has the authority to act for the Company (in a non-fiduciary capacity) as to any matter pertaining to the Plan;   provided, however,   that any Plan amendment or termination or any other action that reasonably could be expected to increase materially the cost of the Plan must be approved by the Board. 
    
  12.  Eligibility to Participate  .  To the extent that the Administrator has delegated administrative authority or responsibility to one or more officers of the Company in accordance with Sections 2.1 and 11, each such officer will not be excluded from participating in the Plan if otherwise eligible, but he or she is not entitled to act upon or make determinations regarding any matters pertaining specifically to his or her own benefit or eligibility under the Plan.  The Administrator will act upon and make determinations regarding any matters pertaining specifically to the benefit or eligibility of each such officer under the Plan. 
    
  13.  Term  .  The Plan will become effective upon the Effective Date and will terminate automatically upon the completion of all benefits (if any) under the terms of the Plan. 
    
  14.  Amendment or Termination  .  The Company, by action of the Administrator, reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan at any time, without advance notice (except as otherwise provided below) to any Participant or other person or entity, and without regard to the effect of the amendment or termination on any Participant or such other person or entity.  Any amendment or termination of the Plan will be in writing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment to the Plan that (a) causes an individual or group of individuals to cease to be a Participant, or (b) reduces or alters to the detriment of  

the Participant the Severance Benefits potentially payable to him or her (including, without limitation, imposing additional conditions or modifying the timing of payment), will not be effective unless it both is approved by the Administrator and communicated to the affected individual(s) in writing at least eighteen (18) months before the effective date of the amendment or termination and once a Participant has incurred an Involuntary Termination, no amendment or termination of the Plan may, without that Participant s written consent, reduce or alter to the detriment of the Participant, the Severance Benefits payable to him or her. In addition, notwithstanding the preceding, upon, in connection with or after a Change in Control, the Company may not, without a Participant s written consent, amend or terminate the Plan in any way, nor take any other action under the Plan, which (i) prevents that Participant from becoming eligible for Severance Benefits, or (ii) reduces or alters to the detriment of the Participant the Severance Benefits payable, or potentially payable, to him or her (including, without limitation, imposing additional conditions).  Any action of the Administrator, on behalf of the Company, in amending or terminating the Plan will be taken solely in a non fiduciary capacity.   
    
  15.  Claims and Review Procedure  . 
    
    15.1      Claims Procedure  .  Any Participant or other person who has a claim of any kind relating to the Plan, or the duly authorized representative thereof (the    Claimant   ), must file such claim in writing with the Administrator at the following address, setting forth the nature of the Severance Benefit claimed, the amount thereof and the basis for claiming entitlement to such benefit:   LifeLock, Inc., Plan Administrator of the LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan, 60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400, Tempe, AZ 85281. 
    
  The Administrator will determine the validity of the claim and communicate a decision to the Claimant promptly and, in any event, not later than ninety (90) days after receipt of the claim.  If additional information is necessary to make a determination on a claim, however, the Claimant will be advised of the need for such additional information within forty-five (45) calendar days after receipt of the claim.  The Claimant will then have up to one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days to supplement the claim information, and the Claimant will be advised of the decision on the claim within forty-five (45) calendar days after the earlier of the date the supplemental information is supplied or the end of the one hundred and eighty (180)-day period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the claim relates to a determination of Disability (a    Disability Claim   ), the decision will be rendered within forty-five (45) calendar days after receipt of the claim, which may be extended twice by an additional thirty (30) days per extension for matters beyond the control of the Administrator.  The Claimant will be notified in writing of any such extension(s) before the end of the applicable decision period, as well as the circumstances requiring the extension, the date by which a decision on the claim is expected to be rendered and such other information required by ERISA.  Every claim for benefits which is denied will  be denied by written notice setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial, (b) specific reference to any provisions of the Plan (including any internal rules, guidelines, protocols, criteria, etc.) on which the denial was based, (c) a description of any additional material or information that is necessary to process the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, (d) an explanation of the procedure for further reviewing the denial of the claim, including the applicable binding arbitration requirements under the Plan, and (e) such other information required by ERISA. 
    
    15.2      Review Procedure  .  A Claimant may appeal a denied claim under the Plan by filing a written request for review of such denial with the Administrator (at the address specified in Section 15.1) within sixty (60) calendar days after the receipt of the denial (or, in the case of a Disability Claim, within one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the receipt of the denial).  Such review  

will be undertaken by the Administrator and will be a full and fair review.  The Claimant will have the right to review all pertinent documents and to submit written comments, documents and other information relating to the claim.  The Administrator will issue its decision on review within sixty (60) calendar days after its receipt of a timely request for review (or, in the case of a Disability Claim, within forty-five (45) calendar days after receipt of a timely review request), unless special circumstances require a longer period of time, in which case a decision will be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after its receipt of the Claimant s timely request for review (or, in the case of a Disability Claim, no later than ninety (90) calendar days after the timely review request).  The Claimant will be notified in writing of any such extension before the end of the original 60-day review period (or 45-day review period in the case of a Disability Claim), as well as the circumstances requiring the extension, the date by which a decision is expected to be rendered and such other information required by ERISA.  In the case of a Disability Claim, the review of the appealed claim will be conducted by the Administrator (who will not be the individual who decided the initial Disability Claim nor the subordinate of such individual).  In deciding an appeal of any denied Disability Claim that is based in whole or in art on a medical judgment, the Administrator will consult with a health care professional (who will neither be an individual who was consulted in connection with the initial Disability Claim nor the subordinate of such individual) who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment.  Any medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Administrator in connection with the denied Disability Claim will be identified, regardless of whether the advice was relied upon in denying such claim. 
    
  The Administrator s decision on review will be in writing and will include specific reasons for the decision written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant with specific reference to the provisions of the Plan on which the decision was based and other information required by ERISA, as well as an explanation of the applicable binding arbitration requirements under the Plan or the Claimant s right to file a legal action with respect to a Disability Claim that has been denied on review.   
    
    15.3      Exhaustion of Plan s Claims and Review Procedure Required; Limitations on any Legal Actions  .  The Plan s claims and review procedure set forth in this Section 15 must be exhausted with respect to any claim of any kind relating to the Plan.  If any legal action is permitted to be filed with respect to a Disability Claim, such action must be brought by the Claimant   no later than   one (1) calendar year after the Administrator s denial of such claim on review, regardless of any state or federal statutes establishing provisions relating to limitations on actions.  
    
    15.4      Binding Arbitration  .  Any claim, dispute or other matter in question of any kind relating to the Plan (other than a Disability Claim to the extent binding arbitration is prohibited by ERISA) that is not resolved by the claims and review procedure set forth in this Section 15 will be settled by arbitration in accordance with the applicable employment dispute resolution rules of the American Arbitration Association.  Notice of demand for arbitration will be made in writing to the opposing party and to the American Arbitration Association within a reasonable time after the claim, dispute or other matter in question has arisen.  In no event will a demand for arbitration be made after the date when the applicable statute of limitations would bar the institution of a legal or equitable proceeding based on such claim, dispute or other matter in question.  The decision of the arbitrators will be final and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The arbitrators may award reasonable fees and expenses to the prevailing party in any dispute hereunder and will award reasonable fees and expenses in the event that the arbitrators find that the losing party acted in bad faith or with intent to harass, hinder or delay the prevailing party in the exercise of its rights in connection with the matter under dispute. 

16.      Attorneys  Fees  .  The parties will each bear their own expenses, legal fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Participant is required to incur attorneys  fees in order to obtain any Severance Benefits, and the Participant prevails on at least one material issue related to his or her claim(s) for Severance Benefits, then the Company will reimburse the reasonable attorneys  fees so incurred by the Participant. 
    
    17.      Source of Payments  .  Any Severance Benefits will be paid in cash from the general funds of the Employer; no separate fund will be established under the Plan, and the Plan will have no assets.  No right of any person to receive any benefit under the Plan will be any greater than the right of any other general unsecured creditor of the Employer. 
    
    18.      No Guarantee of Tax Consequences.    Participants (or their beneficiaries) solely will be responsible for any and all taxes with respect to any Severance Benefits provided under the Plan.  Neither the Administrator, the Company nor any other Employer makes any guarantees regarding the tax treatment to any person of any Severance Benefits provided under the Plan. 
    
    19.      Inalienability  .  In no event may any current or former employee of any Employer sell, transfer, anticipate, assign or otherwise dispose of any right or interest under the Plan.  At no time will any such right or interest be subject to the claims of creditors nor liable to attachment, execution or other legal process. 
    
    20.      No Enlargement of Employment Rights  .  Neither the establishment or maintenance or amendment of the Plan, nor the making of any benefit payments hereunder, will be construed to confer upon any individual any right to continue to be an employee of the Company or any other Employer.  The Employers expressly reserve the right to discharge any of their employees at any time and for any reason.  However, as described in the Plan, a Participant may be entitled to benefits under the Plan depending upon the circumstances of his or her termination of employment. 
    
    21.      Successors  .  Any successor to the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or other transaction) will assume the obligations under the Plan and agree expressly to perform the obligations under the Plan in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under the Plan, the term  Company  will include any successor to the Company s business and/or assets which become bound by the terms of the Plan by operation of law, or otherwise. 
    
    22.      Applicable Law  .  The provisions of the Plan will be construed, administered and enforced in accordance with ERISA and, to the extent applicable, the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware (but not its conflict of law s provisions).   
    
    23.      Severability  .  If any provision of the Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, its invalidity or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if such provision had not been included. 
    
    24.      Headings  .  Headings in this Plan document are for purposes of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
    
    25.      Indemnification  .  The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the officers and employees of the Company, and the members of the Board, from all losses, claims, costs or other  

liabilities arising from their acts or omissions in connection with the administration, amendment or termination of the Plan, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  This indemnity will cover all such liabilities, including judgments, settlements and costs of defense.  The Company will provide this indemnity from its own funds to the extent that insurance does not cover such liabilities.  This indemnity is in addition to and not in lieu of any other indemnity provided to such person by the Company. 
    
    26.      Additional Information  . 
    
           Name of Plan: 
    LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan 
       
  Name, Address and Phone Number   
           of Plan Sponsor: 
    LifeLock, Inc. 
     60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400 
  Tempe, AZ 85281 
  (480) 682-5100 
    
  Plan Sponsor s Federal Employer 
  Identification Number:                      56-2508977 
    
  Plan Year:                              The Plan s initial Plan Year begins on the 
  Effective Date and ends on December 
  31, 2016; thereafter, the Year will be the 
  calendar year.  
    
  Plan Number:                          506 
    
  Name, Address and Phone Number 
  of Plan Administrator:                      LifeLock, Inc. 
  Attention: VP, Human Resources 
  60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400 
  Tempe, AZ 85281 
  (480) 682-5100 
    
  Agent for Service of 
  Legal Process:                          Legal process may be served on the General 
  Counsel of LifeLock, Inc. (acting on behalf of 
  the Plan Administrator), at the address shown 
  above for the Plan Administrator.      
    
  Type of Plan:                              Severance Plan/Employee Welfare  Benefit 
  Plan 
    
  Plan Costs:                              The cost of the Plan is paid by the Employer. 

27.      Statement of ERISA Rights  . 
       
  As a Participant, you are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA.  You are entitled to: 

Examine, without charge, at the Administrator s office and at other specified locations (such as worksites), all documents governing the Plan, including a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if any, filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration; and 

Obtain, upon written request to the Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan, including copies of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if any, and an updated summary plan description.  The Administrator may assign a reasonable charge for the copies.  
       
  In addition to creating rights for you, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the Plan.  The people who operate the Plan (called  fiduciaries  of the Plan) have a duty to do so prudently and in the interest of you and the other Participants.  No one, including the Company or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a Plan benefit or from exercising your rights under ERISA.  However, this rule neither guarantees your employment with any Employer, nor affects the Employer s or your right to terminate your employment for other reasons.   
    
  If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules.  (For more information, see  ERISA Claims and Review Procedure  above.) 
    
  Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above rights.  For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the Plan s latest annual report, if any, from the Administrator and do not receive them within 30 calendar days, you may file suit in a federal court.  In such a case, the court may require the Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Administrator. 
    
  If you have a Disability Claim that is denied, in whole or in part, and you have been through the Plan s claims and review procedure, or you have a Disability Claim that is ignored, you may be able to file suit in a state or federal court.  However, any such lawsuit or other court action must be filed no later than one (1) calendar year after receipt of the final claim denial, regardless of any state or federal statutes establishing provisions relating to limitations on actions. 
    
  If you are discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor or you may file suit in a federal court.  The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees.  If you win, the court may order the person you sued to pay these legal expenses.  If you lose, the court may order you to pay the costs and fees (if, for example, it finds your claim is frivolous). 

If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Administrator.  If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Administrator, you should contact the nearest area office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington D.C. 20210.  You also may obtain certain publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration.   

Appendix A 
    
  FORM OF LIFELOCK, INC. SEVERANCE PLAN 
  Participation Agreement 
    
  LifeLock, Inc. (the    Company   ) is pleased to inform you,   [NAME]  , that you have been selected to participate in the Company s Severance Plan (the    Plan   ).  A copy of the Plan has been delivered to you with this Participation Agreement.  Your participation in the Plan is subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, including this Participation Agreement. 
    
  In order to actually become a participant in the Plan (a  Participant  as described in the Plan), you must complete and sign this Participation Agreement and return it to   [NAME]   no later than   [DATE]  . 
    
  The Plan describes in detail certain circumstances under which you may become eligible for Severance Benefits.  Any capitalized term used in this Participation Agreement that is not otherwise defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
    
  As described more fully in the Plan, you may become eligible for certain Severance Benefits under Section 4.1 of the Plan if, during a Change in Control Period, you terminate your employment with the Employer as a result of a Constructive Termination (as defined in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof) or the Employer terminates your employment for a reason other than Cause or your Disability or death.   
    
  In addition (but in lieu of the Severance Benefits described in the immediately preceding paragraph), and as described more fully in the Plan, you may become eligible for certain Severance Benefits under Section 4.2 of the Plan if   [  you terminate your employment with the Employer as a result of a Constructive Termination or  ]   the Employer terminates your employment for a reason other than Cause or your Disability or death, and such termination does not occur during a Change in Control Period.     
    
  If you become eligible for Severance Benefits as described in the Plan, then subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, including this Participation Agreement, you will receive the following Severance Benefits:  
    
  1.  Cash Severance Benefits  .   
    
  a.  Qualifying Termination of Employment not during a Change in Control Period.   In the event of an Involuntary Termination that occurs under the circumstances described in Section 4.2 of the Plan, and as described in Section 4.2.1 of the Plan: continuing payments of cash severance in an aggregate amount equal to   [  eighteen (18)  ]     OR     [  twelve (12)  ]     OR     [  nine (9)  ]     OR     [  six (6)  ]   months of your Monthly Base Salary  ,   will be paid as set forth in Section 7 and 9 of the Plan in equal installments in accordance with the Employer s normal payroll practice in effect from time to time during the period equal to the number of months set forth above; or  
    
  b.  Qualifying Termination of Employment during a Change in Control Period  .  In the event of an Involuntary Termination that occurs under the circumstances described in Section 4.1 of the Plan, and as described in Section 4.1.1 of the Plan (i) continuing payments of cash severance in an aggregate amount equal to   [  eighteen (18)  ]     OR     [  twelve (12)  ]     OR     [  nine (9)  ]     OR     [  six (6)  ]   months of your Monthly Base Salary  ,   will be paid as set forth in Section 7 and 9 of the Plan in equal installments in accordance with the Employer s normal payroll practice in effect from time to time during the period equal to the number of months set forth  

above; and (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to   [  one hundred percent (100%)]   OR     [  seventy-five percent (75%)  ]     OR     [  fifty percent 50%  ]   of your Target Bonus  ,   will in each case be paid as set forth in Sections 7 and 9 of the Plan. 
    
  For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) you incur an Involuntary Termination under the circumstances described in Section 4.2 of the Plan before a Change in Control, which qualifies you for the benefit under Section 4.2.1 of the Plan, and (ii) a Change in Control occurs within the three (3)-month period following your Involuntary Termination, which would otherwise qualify you for the superior benefit under Section 4.1.1 of the Plan, then you instead will be eligible to receive the benefit under Section 4.1.1 of the Plan, reduced by the applicable amount, if any, previously paid under Section 4.2.1. 
    
  2.  In-lieu of COBRA Benefit  .   
    
  If an Involuntary Termination occurs under the circumstances described in either Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 of the Plan, and you and any Family Members have Qualifying Health Coverage (as defined in Section 4.1.2 of the Plan), a lump sum cash payment in an aggregate amount equal to   [  thirty-six (36)  ]     OR     [  twenty-four (24)  ]     OR     [  eighteen (18)  ]     OR     [  twelve (12)  ]   months of the Monthly COBRA Premium Amount, as described in Section 4.1.2 and Section 4.2.2 of the Plan, respectively, will be paid as set forth in Sections 7 and 9 of the Plan.   
    
  3.  Equity Award Vesting Acceleration Benefit  .   
    
  a.  Qualifying Termination of Employment not during a Change in Control Period.   In the event of an Involuntary Termination that occurs under the circumstances described in Section 4.2 of the Plan, you will not be entitled to any Equity Award vesting acceleration benefit under the Plan; or 
    
  b.  Qualifying Termination of Employment during a Change in Control Period  .  In the event of an Involuntary Termination that occurs under the circumstances described in Section 4.1 of the Plan, and as described in Section 4.1.3 of the Plan, one hundred percent (100%) of your then unvested and outstanding Equity Awards, the exercisability or vesting of which depends merely on the satisfaction of a service obligation by you to the Employer, will vest in full and be free of restrictions related to the exercisability or vesting thereof. 
    
  For the avoidance of doubt, if you incur an Involuntary Termination under the circumstances described in Section 4.2 of the Plan before a Change in Control and a Change in Control occurs within the three (3)-month period following your Involuntary Termination, which would otherwise qualify you for the benefit under Section 4.1.3 of the Plan, then you nevertheless will be entitled to the benefit under Section 4.1.3 of the Plan.   
    
  In order to receive any Severance Benefits for which you otherwise become eligible under the Plan, you must sign and deliver to the Administrator the Release, which must become effective and irrevocable within the requisite period set forth in the Release and is subject to the Release timing requirements specified in the Plan.  Also, as explained in the Plan, your Severance Benefits (if any) will be reduced if necessary to avoid the Severance Benefits from becoming subject to  golden parachute  excise taxes under the Internal Revenue Code.   
    
  Please note that the Employer will withhold from any Severance Benefits any applicable U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxes required to be withheld and any other required payroll deductions. 

By your signature below, you and the Company agree that your participation in the Plan is governed by this Participation Agreement and the provisions of the Plan.  Your signature below confirms that: (1) you have received a copy of the LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description (the  Plan/SPD  (2) you have carefully read this Participation Agreement and the Plan/SPD, including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions of participation in, and receipt of any Severance Benefits, under the Plan; and (3) the decisions and determinations by the Administrator under the Plan will be final and binding on you and your successors, and will be given the maximum possible deference permitted by law. 
    
  LIFELOCK, INC.                        [NAME OF ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE] 

Signature                        Signature 
                                                       
  Name                            Date 
                       
  Title 
    
  Attachment:    LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description 

Exhibit A to the 
    
  LifeLock, Inc. Severance Plan Participation Agreement for   [NAME OF ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE]  
    
  For the purposes of the Plan and the Participation Agreement,    Constructive Termination    means: 
    
           [  (a) 
    An Eligible Employee s resignation from employment with the Employer within ninety (90) calendar days following the expiration of any Cure Period (as defined below) after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Participant s written consent; 
       
           (b) 
    A material breach by the Employer of any of the material terms and conditions required to be complied with by the Employer pursuant to a written employment agreement or offer of employment letter between the Employer and Eligible Employee; 
       
           (c) 
    A material diminution in the Eligible Employee s title, duties or responsibilities by the Board or the Eligible Employee s director supervisor to a level below the Eligible Employee s title, duties or responsibilities in effect immediately before such change; provided, however, that if following an acquisition of the Employer and conversion of the Employer into a subsidiary, division or unit of the acquirer, then the consummation of such acquisition and conversion will not by itself be deemed a material diminution in the Eligible Employee s title, duties or responsibilities for this purpose); or 
       
           (d) 
    A relocation by the Employer of the Eligible Employee s principal work site to a facility or location more than fifty (50) miles from the place of performance specified in the written employment agreement or offer of employment letter between the Employer and Eligible Employee or otherwise agreed to in writing by the Eligible Employee.  
       
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Eligible Employee s resignation will not constitute a resignation due to a  Constructive Termination  unless he or she first provides the Employer with written notice of any such event and/or breach that he or she contends constitutes a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) calendar days of the first occurrence of such alleged event and/or breach, and thereafter provides the Employer a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days following the date of such notice) to cure such event and/or breach (the    Cure Period   ).  ]     
    
    OR 
    
    [  an Eligible Employee s voluntary termination, within thirty (30) calendar days following the expiration of any Employer cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without the Eligible Employee s consent: (a) a material reduction of the Eligible Employee s duties, authority, or responsibilities, relative to the Eligible Employee s duties, authority, or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction other than any reduction that is made outside of a Change in Control Period that is part of a management reorganization applicable to substantially all other executive s at the Eligible Employee s level; (b) a material reduction of fifteen percent (15%) or more by the Employer of the Eligible Employee s  

Monthly Base Pay; or (c) a material change in the geographic location of the Eligible Employee s principal workplace; provided, that a relocation of less than fifty (50) miles from the Eligible Employee s principal workplace will not be considered a material change in geographic location. 
    
  However, an Eligible Employee may not resign for Constructive Termination without first providing the Employer with written notice within ninety (90) calendar days of the initial existence of the condition that the Eligible Employee believes constitutes a Constructive Termination specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Constructive Termination and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) calendar days following the date of such notice.  ] 
    
    OR 
    
    [  an Eligible Employee s voluntary termination, within thirty (30) calendar days following the expiration of any Employer cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without the Eligible Employee s consent: (a) the assignment to the Eligible Employee of duties or responsibilities that are substantially inconsistent with the Eligible Employee s training or professional experience; (b) a material reduction of fifteen percent (15%) or more by the Employer of the Eligible Employee s Monthly Base Pay; or (c) a material change in the geographic location of the Eligible Employee s principal workplace; provided, that a relocation of less than fifty (50) miles from the Eligible Employee s principal workplace will not be considered a material change in geographic location. 
    
  However, an Eligible Employee may not resign for Constructive Termination without first providing the Employer with written notice within ninety (90) calendar days of the initial existence of the condition that Eligible Employee believes constitutes Constructive Termination specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Constructive Termination and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) calendar days following the date of such notice.  ] 
    
  OR 
    
  [  an Eligible Employee s voluntary termination, within thirty (30) calendar days following the expiration of any Employer cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without the Eligible Employee s consent: (a) a material reduction of fifteen percent (15%) or more by the Employer of the Eligible Employee s Monthly Base Pay; or (b) a material change in the geographic location of the Eligible Employee s principal workplace; provided, that a relocation of less than fifty (50) miles from the Eligible Employee s principal workplace will not be considered a material change in geographic location. 
    
  However, an Eligible Employee may not resign for Constructive Termination without first providing the Employer with written notice within ninety (90) calendar days of the initial existence of the condition that Eligible Employee believes constitutes Constructive Termination specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Constructive Termination and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) calendar days following the date of such notice.  ] 
    
  The determination of whether a Constructive Termination exists, including the determination of the cure of any event and/or breach constituting a Constructive Termination, will be made in all cases by the Administrator in accordance with authorities and deference afforded to the Administrator under Section 11 of the Plan. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 lock-ex104x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 
  [Date] 
    
  [Name] 
  LifeLock, Inc. 
  200 W. Evelyn Avenue 
  Mountain View, CA 94041 

Re:  Amendment to Employment Agreement 
    
  Dear [Name]:  
    
  You previously entered into an [Employment Agreement] with LifeLock, Inc. (the  Company ) dated [Date] (the    Employment Agreement   ).  This letter (the    Amendment   ) amends your Employment Agreement effective as of the date first set forth above.   
    
           1. 
    The definition of    Change in Control    will be added to the Employment Agreement and will mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 
       
           a. 
    The acquisition by any Person (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, and including a  group  as defined in Section 13(d) thereof) of Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than fifty percent (50%) of either (i) the value of the then outstanding equity securities of the Company (the    Outstanding Company Stock   ) or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the    Outstanding Company Voting Securities   ) (the foregoing Beneficial Ownership hereinafter being referred to as a    Controlling Interest    provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 2.4, the following acquisitions shall not constitute or result in a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company; (B) any acquisition by the Company; (C) any acquisition by any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest; (D) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any parent or subsidiary thereof; or (E) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (1), (2) and (3) of subsection (c) below; or 
       
           b. 
    During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the Effective Date) individuals who constitute the Board on the Effective Date (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or 
       
           c. 
    Consummation of (i) a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange, or consolidation or similar transaction involving (A) the Company or (B) any of its subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (B) only if equity securities of the Company are issued or issuable in connection with the transaction (each of the events referred to in this clause (i) being hereinafter referred to as a    Business  

Reorganization   ), or (ii) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or equity of another entity by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each an    Asset Sale   ), in each case, unless, following such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the value of the then outstanding equity securities and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of members of the board of directors (or comparable governing body of an entity that does not have such a board), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the    Continuing Entity   ) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be (excluding any outstanding equity or voting securities of the Continuing Entity that such Beneficial Owners hold immediately following the consummation of the Business Reorganization or Asset Sale as a result of their ownership, prior to such consummation, of equity or voting securities of any company or other entity involved in or forming part of such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale other than the Company), (2) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or any Continuing Entity or any entity controlled by the Continuing Corporation or any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the value of the then outstanding equity securities of the Continuing Entity or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Continuing Entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Reorganization or Asset Sale, and (3) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of the Continuing Entity were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Reorganization or Asset Sale; or 
    
           d. 
    Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
       
           2. 
    The definition of a    Disability    will be revised to mean your (i) inability to perform your essential duties and responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) total and permanent disability and inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity related to your essential duties by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
       
           3. 
    Section [  ] of the Employment Agreement will be deleted in its entirety and be replaced by the following: 
      Section [  ].   Equity Acceleration  .  In the event that (a) there is a Change in Control and (b) during the period beginning three (3) months prior to such Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following such Change in Control (the    Protected Period   ), either (x) the Company terminates the Executive s employment with the Company without Cause, or (y) the Executive terminates the Executive s employment with the Company as a result of a Constructive Termination, then all of Executive s then unvested and outstanding equity awards granted by the Company to the Executive under the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (or under any successor or replacement plan thereto), the exercisability or vesting of which depends merely on the satisfaction of a service obligation by Executive to the Company (each an    Equity Award   ), shall become 100% vested (and become fully exercisable, as applicable) as to all shares of Company stock thereunder, as of the date of the Executive s termination of employment. For the avoidance of doubt, where Executive s termination in (x) or (y) above occurs during the Protected Period, this acceleration provision shall apply to any and all Equity Awards held by the Executive immediately prior to Executive s termination of employment, including Equity Awards issued prior to the effective date of this Agreement, whether or not the written award  

agreements evidencing such Equity Awards specifically provide for acceleration of vesting and/or exercisability in the event of a change in control. . 
           4. 
    In the event that you become entitled to the severance payments and benefits under your Employment Agreement as a result of (x) a termination of your employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as described in Section 3.4 of the Employment Agreement, or (y) a Constructive Termination (as defined in the Employment Agreement) as described in Section 3.5  of the Employment Agreement, and in each case, provided that the termination of your employment occurs during the period beginning 3 months prior to a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and ending 12 months following such Change in Control, then as an additional severance payment, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement, you will receive 100% of your Target Bonus.    Target Bonus    will mean the greater of your annualized target bonus amount under the applicable Company bonus plan, as in effect for the performance period in which the termination of your employment occurs, or if greater, such target bonus amount in effect for the performance period in which the Change in Control occurs.     
       
  Other than as set forth herein, all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Employment Agreement, including but not limited to the provisions regarding the at-will nature of your employment, remain in full force and effect.  If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.   
    
  Sincerely, 

[Name] 
  [Title] 
  LifeLock, Inc.  

Acknowledged and Agreed, 

[Name] 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 lock-ex105x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.5 
  LIFELOCK, INC. 
  NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION  
  AGREEMENT FOR 
  [ ] 
    
  1.  Grant of Option  .  LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), hereby grants, as of [ ] (   Date of Grant   ), to [ ] (the    Optionee   ) an option (the    Option   ) to purchase [ ] shares of the Company s common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the    Shares   ), at an exercise price per share equal to $[ ] (the    Exercise Price   ).  The Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the    Agreement   ) and the Company s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ), which is incorporated herein for all purposes.  Additionally, this Agreement is subject to any Integrated Agreement, which is incorporated herein for all purposes.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Integrated Agreement    means any written agreement entered into between the Company and the Optionee, or any written Company plan or program in which the Optionee becomes a participant, in each case entered into prior to or after the date hereof that provides for more beneficial vesting and/or exercise terms with respect to the Option.  The Option is a Non-Qualified Stock Option, and not an Incentive Stock Option.  The Optionee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions herein and therein and all applicable laws and regulations.  
    
  2.  Definitions  .  Unless otherwise provided herein, terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings attributable thereto in the Plan. 
    
  3.  Exercise Schedule  .  Except as otherwise provided in   Section 6   or   Section 9   of this Agreement, or in the Plan, the Option shall vest and become exercisable in installments as provided below, which shall be cumulative.  To the extent that the Option has vested and become exercisable with respect to a percentage of Shares as provided below, the Optionee may thereafter exercise the Option, in whole or in part, for the exercisable portions at any time or from time to time prior to the expiration of the Option as provided herein.  The following table indicates each date (the    Vesting Date   ) upon which the Optionee shall be entitled to exercise the Option with respect to the percentage of Shares granted as indicated beside the date, provided that the Continuous Service of the Optionee continues through and on the applicable Vesting Date: 
                 Percentage of Shares 
    Vesting Date 
      [__]% 
  [__]% 
    [__] 
  [__] 

Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, there shall be no proportionate or partial vesting of this Option in the periods prior to each Vesting Date.  All vesting shall occur only on the appropriate Vesting Date.  Upon the termination of the Optionee s Continuous Service, any unvested portion of this Option shall terminate and be null and void. 
  The Optionee s Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date that the Optionee no longer is actively providing services to the Company or any Related Entity (as applicable), regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or providing services, or the terms of the Optionee s employment or service agreement, if any; and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Committee, the Optionee s right to vest in this Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period.  The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Optionee no longer is actively providing services for purposes of this Option (including whether the Optionee still may be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 

4.  Method of Exercise  .  The vested portion of this Option shall be exercisable in whole or in part in accordance with the exercise schedule set forth in   Section 3   and   Section 9  .  To exercise an Option, the Optionee will provide written notice to the Secretary of the Company, in any form as the Company may require from time to time.  The notice shall state the election to exercise the Option and the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised, and the Company, pursuant to the Plan provisions, may require other representations and agreements as to the holder s investment intent or as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement.  Such written notice shall be signed by the Optionee and shall be delivered in person or by certified mail to the Secretary of the Company.  The written notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Shares to be exercised under this Option.  The Option shall be deemed to be exercised after both (a) the Company has received such written notice accompanied by the Exercise Price and (b) arrangements that are satisfactory to the Committee in its sole discretion have been made for Optionee s payment to the Company of the amount, if any, that is necessary to satisfy Tax Obligations (as defined below).  No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the Option unless and until such issuance and such exercise shall comply with all relevant provisions of applicable law, including the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares then may be traded. 
    
  5.  Method of Payment  .  Payment of the Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee: (a) cash, (b) check, (c) to the extent permitted by the Committee, either with Shares owned by the Optionee (provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Committee, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company), or the withholding of Shares that otherwise would be delivered to the Optionee as a result of the exercise of the Option, (d) to the extent permitted by the Committee, pursuant to a  cashless exercise  procedure adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan, by delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation, and subject to such guidelines, as the Committee shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company by a licensed broker acceptable to the Company of proceeds from the sale of Shares sufficient to pay the Exercise Price and any applicable Tax Obligations, or (e) such other consideration or in such other manner as may be determined by the Committee in its absolute discretion. 
    
  6.  Termination of Option  .  Any unexercised portion of the Option shall automatically and without notice terminate and become null and void at the time of the earliest to occur of the following: 
    
  (a)  unless the Committee otherwise determines in writing in its sole discretion, three months after the date on which the Optionee s Continuous Service is terminated other than (i) by the Company or a Related Entity for    Cause    (as defined in the Plan, except if any Integrated Agreement applies to this Agreement, then as defined in the Integrated Agreement), (ii) by reason of a Disability of the Optionee as determined by a medical doctor satisfactory to the Committee or, if an Integrated Agreement applies to this Agreement, then in accordance with the Integrated Agreement, or (iii) by reason of the death of the Optionee; 
    
  (b)  immediately upon the termination of the Optionee s Continuous Service by the Company or a Related Entity for Cause (as defined in the Plan, except if any Integrated Agreement applies to this Agreement, then as defined in the Integrated Agreement); 
    
  (c)  12 months after the date of termination of the Optionee s Continuous Service due to a Disability as determined by a medical doctor satisfactory to the Committee or, if an Integrated Agreement applies to this Agreement, then in accordance with the Integrated Agreement; 
    
  (d)  12 months after the date of termination of the Optionee s Continuous Service by reason of the death of the Optionee; or 
    
  (e)  the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
    
  7.  Transferability  .  The Option granted hereby may not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of the Optionee to any party, or assigned or transferred by  

the Optionee, other than transferred by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee.  Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, negotiate, pledge, or hypothecate the Option, or in the event of any levy upon the Option by reason of any execution, attachment, or similar process contrary to the provisions hereof, the Option shall immediately become null and void.  The terms of this Option shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of the Optionee. 
    
  8.  Option Shares.   
    
  (a)  No Rights of Stockholders  .  Neither the Optionee nor any person claiming under or through the Optionee will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Optionee (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account).  After such issuance, recordation and delivery, the Optionee will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 
    
  (b)  Adjustment to Option Shares.    If at any time while this Agreement is in effect and before any Shares have been issued pursuant to any portion of this Option, there shall be any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of stock, cash, other securities, or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or the adjustment in capital stock of the Company or otherwise, or as a result of a merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off or other corporate transaction or event, then and in that event, the Committee shall make adjustments it deems fair and appropriate, in view of such change, in the number and kind of Shares subject to this Option and the Exercise Price, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Option.   
    
  9.  Acceleration of Vesting and Exercisability of Option  .   
    
  (a)  Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement, the Board or the Committee shall be authorized, in its sole discretion, based upon its review and evaluation of the performance of the Optionee and of the Company, to accelerate the vesting and exercisability of any portion of the Option under this Agreement, at such times and upon such terms and conditions as the Board or the Committee shall deem advisable. 
    
  (b)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, and subject to the terms of any Integrated Agreement, including any defined terms included therein, in the event that (a) there is a Change in Control that occurs prior to the date on which the Option becomes fully vested, and (b) during the period beginning two months prior to such Change in Control and ending 12 months following such Change in Control the Company terminates the Optionee s employment without Cause (an    Involuntary Termination   ), the Option shall accelerate so that 25% of the number of Shares subject to the Option not already vested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination shall become vested and immediately exercisable as of the later of the effective date of the Change in Control or the date of the Involuntary Termination.  For purposes of this Section 9(b) and for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the terms  Change in Control  and  Cause  are defined in the Integrated Agreement, such terms will have the meaning as defined in the Integrated Agreement.  Further, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Optionee becomes entitled to both (x) the vesting acceleration pursuant to this Section 9(b) and (y) the vesting acceleration in connection with an involuntary termination of the Optionee s employment pursuant to any Integrated Agreement, then the vesting acceleration under the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) shall not be additive but instead, the Optionee will be entitled to receive, with respect to this Option, the greater of the vesting acceleration under this Section 9(b), or the vesting acceleration available under the Integrated Agreement that provides the greatest vesting acceleration in connection with such involuntary termination). 
    
  10.  Restrictions on Sale of Securities  .    Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market blackout-period that may be reasonably imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company s insider trading policies, and any other applicable laws. 

11.  Tax Matters.  
    
  (a)  Responsibility for Taxes.    For purposes of this Agreement,    Tax Obligations    means tax, social insurance and social security liability obligations and requirements in connection with this Option, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local income, employment and any other taxes (including the Optionee s U.S. Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), (ii) the Optionee s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), the Company s (or Related Entity s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Option or sale of Shares issued under this Option, and (iii) any other taxes or social insurance or social security liabilities or premium the responsibility for which the Optionee has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to this Option (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares or other consideration thereunder).  The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that:  
    
  (i)  the Optionee is ultimately responsible for all Tax Obligations and the Optionee s liability for Tax Obligations may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Related Entity employing or retaining the Optionee (the  Employer ), if any;  
    
  (ii)  the Company and/or the Employer make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of this Option, the issuance of or subsequent sale of Shares exercised under this Option and the receipt of any dividends; 
    
  (iii)  the Company and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result; 
    
  (iv)  the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction if the Optionee is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable; and  
    
  (v)  the Company may refuse to honor this Option exercise and refuse to deliver any Shares pursuant to such exercise if the Optionee fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of exercise.  
    
  (b)  Tax Withholdings.    Prior to the exercise of this Option (or such earlier time as any Tax Obligations may arise), the Optionee will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment obligations of Tax Obligations of the Company and/or the Employer.  In this regard, the Optionee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy all such Tax Obligations by one or more of the following methods:   
    
  (i)  withholding from Optionee s wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer; 
    
  (ii)  withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of this Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent from Optionee; 
    
  (iii)  withholding otherwise deliverable Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Obligations that the Company and/or the Employer is required to withhold; and/or 

(iv)  by surrender of other shares of Company common stock with a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. 
  If the obligation for Tax Obligations is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the portion of this Option that was exercised, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Obligations. 
    
  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Optionee s participation in the Plan, or the Optionee s exercise of this Option or the acquisition or sale of Shares under this Option.  The Optionee should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, accounting and financial advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all other aspects of the Optionee s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.  In no event will the Company pay or reimburse the Optionee for any taxes or other costs imposed in connection with this Option. 
     
  12.  Amendment, Modification   Assignment; Non-Transferability.    This Agreement may only be modified or amended in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, provided that any modification that is adverse to the Optionee will not be effective unless the Optionee consents in writing to the modification. No promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Optionee s participation in the Plan, on this Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal, procedural or administrative reasons, and to require the Optionee to execute any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that such additional agreements or undertakings shall not impose an extension of the period of Continuous Service required to vest in this Award, increase post-service obligations of the Optionee, or other similar changes to this Award.  The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company.  Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Optionee and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.  The rights and obligations of the Optionee under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
    
  13.  Complete Agreement.   This Agreement and the Plan (together with any Integrated Agreement, and other agreements and documents expressly referred to herein, for the purposes referred to herein) embody the complete and entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, which may relate to the subject matter hereof in any way.  The Optionee expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. 
    
  14.  No Guarantee of Continued Service  .  THE OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE-BASED VESTING CONDITION OF THE RSAS WILL BE SATISFIED ONLY THROUGH CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RSAS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER.  THE OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING CRITERIA SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF THE OPTIONEE OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE THE OPTIONEE S CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

15.  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan.    By accepting this Award, the Optionee expressly warrants that he or she has received an Option Award under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a description of the Plan.  The Optionee understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.  The Optionee agrees to be bound by such modification, amendment, suspension or termination regardless of whether notice is given to the Optionee of such event. 
    
  16.  Binding Agreement.    Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  17.  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares.    If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any federal, state, local or non U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Optionee (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company.  Where the Company determines that the delivery of any Shares under this Option will violate federal securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares no longer will cause such violation.  The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such U.S. federal, state, local or non U.S. law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 
    
  18.  No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any Related Entity from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation plans, agreements, or arrangements, and any such plans, agreements, and arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases  or  to specific persons. 
    
  19.  No Trust or Fund Created.   Neither this Agreement nor the grant or exercise of this Option hereunder shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Related Entity and the Optionee or any other person.  To the extent that the Optionee or any other person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company or any Related Entity pursuant to this Agreement, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
    
  20.  Severability.   If any term or provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or under any applicable law, rule, or regulation, then such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or intent of this Agreement and the grant of this Option hereunder, such provision shall  be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement and the Award hereunder shall remain in full force and effect). 
    
  21.  Law Governing  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the state of Delaware (without reference to conflict of laws rules or principles thereof).   
    
  22.  Interpretation / Provisions of Plan Control  .  This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Plan and the Integrated Agreement, including, without limitation, the amendment provisions thereof, and to such rules, regulations, and interpretations relating to the Plan adopted by the Committee as may be in effect from time to time.  If and to the extent that this Agreement conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Plan, the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly.  The Optionee accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Integrated Agreement and  

this Agreement.  The Committee will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any portion of the Option has vested).  All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith will be final and binding upon the Optionee, the Company and all other interested persons.  No member of the Committee will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.   
    
  23.  Electronic Delivery and Acceptance.    The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Option awarded under the Plan or future Options or other awards that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or request the Optionee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  24.  Headings.   Section, paragraph, and other headings and captions are provided solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings and captions shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof. 
    
  25.  Notices  .  Any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or when deposited in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid, and addressed, in the case of the Company, to the Company s Secretary at 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400, Tempe, Arizona 85281, or if the Company should move its principal office, to such principal office, and, in the case of the Optionee, to the Optionee s last permanent address as shown on the Company s records, subject to the right of either party to designate some other address at any time hereafter in a notice satisfying the requirements of this Section.  The Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Optionee s address as shown on the Company s records. 
    
  26.  Section 409A  . 
    
  (a)  The Option awarded pursuant to this Agreement is intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Section 409A    means Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with this intention, and the provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, adjusted, assumed, or substituted for, converted or otherwise modified without the Optionee s prior written consent if and to the extent that the Company believes or reasonably should believe that such amendment, adjustment, assumption, or substitution, conversion, or modification would cause the award to violate the requirements of Section 409A.  In the event that either the Company or the Optionee believes, at any time, that any benefit or right under this Agreement is subject to Section 409A, then the Committee may (acting alone and without any required consent of the Optionee) amend this Agreement in such manner as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to be exempt from or otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 409A (including without limitation, amending the Agreement to increase the Exercise Price to such amount as may be required in order for the Option to be exempt from Section 409A). 
    
  (b)  Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per share exercise price that is determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) to be less than the fair market value of a share subject to such option on the date of grant (a  Discount Option ) may be considered  deferred compensation.   A Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by the person to whom the Discount Option was granted prior to the exercise of the option, (ii) an additional 20% U.S. federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges.  The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to the person to whom the Discount Option was granted.  The Optionee acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the fair market value of a Share on the Date of Grant or that this Option is not a Discount Option in a later examination.  The Company does not  

make any representation to the Optionee that the Option awarded pursuant to this Agreement is exempt from, or satisfies, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to reimburse, indemnify or hold harmless the Optionee or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Optionee or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
    
  27.  Non-Waiver of Breach.    The waiver by any party hereto of the other party s prompt and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any term or provision of this Agreement shall be effected solely in a writing signed by such party, and shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation, and the waiver by any party hereto to exercise any right or remedy which he, she or it may possess shall not operate nor be construed as the waiver of such right or remedy by such party, or as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy by such party,  upon  the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. 
    
  28.  Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two or more separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
  [Signature Page Follows] 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above. 
    
  COMPANY: 
  LIFELOCK, INC. 
  By:          
  Name:         
  Title:          
       
  The Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that the Optionee has reviewed the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, is familiar with and understands their terms and provisions, and hereby accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement.  The Optionee further represents that the Optionee has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement. 
  OPTIONEE  : 
       
  [ ] 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 lock-ex106x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.6 

LIFELOCK, INC.  
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT  
  AGREEMENT FOR  
  [ ] 
    
  1.  Award of Restricted Stock Units.    LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ) hereby grants, as of [ ] (the    Date of Grant   ), an Award of [ ]     Restricted Stock Units (the    Restricted Stock Units   ) to [ ] (the    Recipient   ).  The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the terms, provisions, and restrictions set forth in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the    Agreement   ) and the Company s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ), which is incorporated herein for all purposes.  Additionally, this Agreement is subject to any Integrated Agreement, which is incorporated herein for all purposes.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Integrated Agreement    means any written agreement entered into between the Company and the Recipient, or any written Company plan or program in which the Recipient becomes a participant, in each case entered into prior to or after the date hereof that provides for more beneficial vesting and/or exercise terms with respect to the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement.  As a condition to entering into this Agreement, and to the issuance of any shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (   Shares   ) (or any other securities of the Company pursuant thereto), the Recipient agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions herein and in the Plan and all applicable laws and regulations.  Unless otherwise provided herein, terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings attributable thereto in the Plan. 
    
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units. 
    
  (a)  General Vesting.    Except as otherwise provided in   Section 2(b  ) and   Section 3  , the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested in the following amounts, at the following times, and upon the following conditions, provided that the Continuous Service of the Recipient continues through and on the applicable Vesting Date:   
    
                     Percentage of Restricted Stock Units 
    Vesting Date 
      [__]% 
  [__]% 
    [__] 
  [__] 

There shall be no proportionate or partial vesting of Restricted Stock Units in the periods prior to each Vesting Date, and except as otherwise provided in   Section 2(b)   and   Section 2(c)   hereof, all vesting of Restricted Stock Units shall occur only on the applicable Vesting Date. 
    
  (b)  Acceleration of Vesting of Restricted Stock Units.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, and subject to the terms of any Integrated Agreement, including any defined terms included therein, in the event that (i) there is a Change in Control that occurs prior to the date on which the Restricted Stock Units become fully vested, and (ii) during the period beginning two months prior to such Change in Control and ending 12 months following such Change in Control, the Company terminates the Recipient s employment without Cause (an    Involuntary Termination   ), 25% of the Restricted Stock Units not already vested as of the date of such termination shall be fully vested as of the later of the effective date of the Change in Control or the date of the Involuntary Termination.  For purposes of this Section 2(b) and for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the terms  Change  

in Control  and  Cause  are defined in the Integrated Agreement, such terms will have the meaning as defined in the Integrated Agreement.  Further, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Recipient becomes entitled to both (x) the vesting acceleration pursuant to this Section 2(b) and (y) the vesting acceleration in connection with an involuntary termination of Recipient s employment pursuant to any Integrated Agreement, then the vesting acceleration under the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) shall not be additive but instead, the Recipient will be entitled to receive, with respect to this Award, the greater of the vesting acceleration under this Section 2(b), or the vesting acceleration available under the Integrated Agreement that provides the greatest vesting acceleration in connection with such involuntary termination. 
    
  3.  Acceleration of Vesting at Company Discretion.    Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement but subject to Section 12(m) (including compliance with subsection (iii) thereof), the Board or the Committee shall be authorized, in its sole discretion, based upon its review and evaluation of the performance of the Recipient and of the Company, to accelerate the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, at such times and upon such terms and conditions as the Board or the Committee shall deem advisable. 
  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of all or a portion of any unvested Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the termination of Recipient s Continuous Service (provided that such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if both (a) the Recipient is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination of Continuous Service, and (b) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Recipient within the six-month period following the termination of the Recipient s Continuous Service, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date that is six months and one day following the date of the termination of the Recipient s Continuous Service, unless the Recipient dies following the termination of his or her Continuous Service, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to the Recipient s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death.  It is the intent of this Agreement to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or comply.  However, in no event will the Company or any Related Entity reimburse the Recipient for any taxes that may be imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A.  Each payment under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.     
  For purposes of this Agreement,    Section 409A    means Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 
     
  4.  Forfeiture of Non-Vested Units.    If the Recipient s Continuous Service is terminated for any reason, other than because of an Involuntary Termination, any Restricted Stock Units that are not vested, and that do not become vested pursuant to   Section 2   or   Section 3   hereof because of such termination shall be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient.  If the Recipient s Continuous Service is terminated on account of an Involuntary Termination, any unvested Restricted Stock Units that do not become vested pursuant to   Section 2(b  ) or   Section 3   hereof as a result of such Involuntary Termination shall be forfeited immediately on the date of such Involuntary Termination and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient, except for any unvested Restricted Stock Units that become vested pursuant to   Section 2(b  ) or   Section 3   hereof as a result of a Change in Control occurring on or before the end of the two month period immediately following the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, any unvested Restricted Stock Units that otherwise may become eligible to vest in the event a Change in Control occurs on or before the end of the two month period immediately following the date of such Involuntary Termination will remain outstanding during the two month period, provided that if a Change in Control does not occur during such period, the unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited immediately upon the date two months after the date of the Involuntary Termination and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient.  The Committee shall have the power and authority to enforce on behalf of the Company any rights of the Company under this Agreement in the event of the Recipient s forfeiture of the unvested Restricted Stock Units pursuant to this   Section 4  .  The Recipient will not be entitled to a refund of the price  

paid for the Restricted Stock Units, if any, that are returned to the Company pursuant to this   Section 4  .  The Recipient s Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date that the Recipient no longer is actively providing services to the Company or any Related Entity (as applicable), regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Recipient is employed or providing services, or the terms of the Recipient s employment or service agreement, if any; and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Committee, the Recipient s right to vest in this Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period.  The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Recipient no longer is actively providing services for purposes of this Award of Restricted Stock Units (including whether the Recipient still may be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
    
  5.  Payment for Vested Restricted Stock Units. 
    
  (a)  Delivery of Shares.    The Company shall deliver to the Recipient one Share for each vested Restricted Stock Unit awarded hereunder within 30 days following the date on which the portion of the Restricted Stock Units to which the distribution relates vests (but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the date on which the Restricted Stock Units to which the distribution relates vests), subject to   Section 3   and subject to the Recipient satisfying any applicable tax withholdings described in   Section 8  .  In no event will the Recipient be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Agreement. 
    
  6.  Rights with Respect to Restricted Stock Units. 
    
  (a)  No Rights as Stockholder Until Delivery.    Except as otherwise provided in this   Section 6  , the Recipient shall not have any rights, benefits, or entitlements with respect to the Shares corresponding to the Restricted Stock Units unless and until those Shares are delivered to the Recipient (and thus shall have no voting rights, or rights to receive any dividend declared, before those Shares are so delivered).  On or after delivery, the Recipient shall have, with respect to the Shares delivered, all of the rights of a holder of Shares granted pursuant to the certificate of incorporation and other governing instruments of the Company, or as otherwise available at law. 
    
  (b)  Adjustments to Shares.    If at any time while this Agreement is in effect and before any Shares have been delivered with respect to any Restricted Stock Units, there shall be any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of stock, cash, other securities, or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or the adjustment in capital stock of the Company or otherwise, or as a result of a merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off or other corporate transaction or event, then and in that event, the Committee shall make any adjustments it deems fair and appropriate, in view of such change, in the number and kind of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units then subject to this Agreement, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Award. If any such adjustment shall result in a fractional Share, such fraction shall be disregarded. 
    
  (c)  No Restriction on Certain Transactions.    Notwithstanding any term of provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the existence of this Agreement, or of any outstanding Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder, shall not affect in any manner the right, power, or authority of the Company or any Related Entity to make, authorize, or consummate: (i) any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s or any Related Entity s capital structure or its business; (ii) any merger, consolidation, or similar transaction by or of the Company or any Related Entity; (iii) any offer, issue, or sale by the Company or any Related Entity of any capital stock of the Company or any Related Entity, including any equity or debt securities, or preferred or preference stock that would rank prior to or on parity with the Shares represented by the Restricted Stock Units and/or that would include, have, or possess other rights, benefits, and/or preferences superior to those that such Shares include, have, or possess, or any warrants, options, or rights with respect to any of the foregoing; (iv) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Related Entity; (v) any sale, transfer, or assignment of all or any part of the stock, assets, or business of the Company or any Related Entity; or (vi) any other corporate transaction, act, or proceeding (whether of a similar character or otherwise). 

7.  Transferability.    The Restricted Stock Units are not transferable unless and until the Shares have been delivered to the Recipient in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with this Agreement, otherwise than by will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution.  The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of the Recipient.  Upon any attempt to effect a Transfer of any Restricted Stock Units prior to the date on which the Shares have been delivered to the Recipient in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, this Award of Restricted Stock Units and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Transfer    shall mean any sale, transfer, encumbrance, gift, donation, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, attachment, or other disposition, whether similar or dissimilar to those previously enumerated, whether voluntary or involuntary, and including, but not limited to, any disposition by operation of law, by court order, by judicial process, or by foreclosure, levy or attachment. 
    
  8.  Restrictions on Sale of Securities  .    Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company s insider trading policies, and any other applicable laws. 
    
  9.  Tax Matters. 
    
  (a)  Withholding.    As a condition to the Company s obligations with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (including, without limitation, any obligation to deliver any Shares) hereunder, the Recipient shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay to the Company any Tax Obligations.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Tax Obligations    means tax, social insurance and social security liability obligations and requirements in connection with this Award, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local income, employment and any other taxes (including the Recipient s U.S. Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), (ii) the Recipient s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), the Company s (or Related Entity s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Award or sale of Shares issued under this Award, and (iii) any other taxes or social insurance or social security liabilities or premium the responsibility for which the Recipient has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to this Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares or other consideration thereunder).  If the Recipient shall fail to satisfy the Tax Obligations, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind (including the withholding of any shares that otherwise would be delivered to Recipient under this Agreement) otherwise due to the Recipient any Tax Obligations.  The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that: 
    
  (i)  the Recipient is ultimately responsible for all Tax Obligations and the Recipient s liability for Tax Obligations may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Related Entity employing or retaining the Recipient (the    Employer   ), if any;  
    
  (ii)  the Company and/or the Employer make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of this Award of Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of these Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares issued under this Award and the receipt of any dividends; 
    
  (iii)  the Company and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award of Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Recipient s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result; 
    
  (iv)  the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction if the Recipient is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable; and  

(v)  if the Recipient fails to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the payment of any Tax Obligations at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to   Section 2   or   Section 3   or at any other time any Tax Obligations related to the Restricted Stock Units otherwise are due, the Recipient will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units, and such Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company.  
    
  (b)  Satisfaction of Withholding Requirements.    When Shares are issued as payment for vested Restricted Stock Units, the Company will withhold a portion of the Shares that have an aggregate market value sufficient to pay the minimum federal, state and local income, employment and any other applicable Tax Obligations required to be withheld by the Company with respect to the Shares, unless the Company, in its sole discretion, requires the Recipient to make alternate arrangements satisfactory to the Company for such withholdings in advance of the arising of any withholding obligations.  No fractional Shares will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of Restricted Stock Units and the issuance of Shares hereunder.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to Recipient, unless and until all income, employment and other taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares have been withheld.  The Recipient will permanently forfeit the Restricted Stock Units if Recipient fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the payment of required Tax Obligations described in this Section 9.  If the obligation for Tax Obligations is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Recipient is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Obligations.  
    
  (c)  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Recipient s participation in the Plan, or the Recipient s acquisition or sale of Shares pursuant to this Award of Restricted Stock Units.  The Recipient should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, accounting and financial advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all other aspects of the Recipient s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.  In no event will the Company pay or reimburse the Recipient for any taxes or other costs imposed in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  
    
  10.  Amendment, Modification   Assignment; Non-Transferability.    This Agreement may only be modified or amended in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, provided that any modification that is adverse to the Recipient will not be effective unless the Recipient consents in writing to the modification.  No promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement.  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Recipient s participation in the Plan, on this Award of Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal, procedural or administrative reasons, and to require the Recipient to execute any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that such additional agreements or undertakings shall not impose an extension of the period of Continuous Service required to vest in this Award, increase post-service obligations of the Recipient, or other similar changes to this Award.  The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company.  Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Recipient and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.  The rights and obligations of the Recipient under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
    
  11.  Complete Agreement.    This Agreement and the Plan (together with any Integrated Agreement, and other agreements and documents expressly referred to herein, for the purposes referred to herein) embody the complete and entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, which may relate to the subject matter hereof in any way.  The Recipient expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. 

12.  Miscellaneous. 
    
  (a)  No Guarantee of Continued Service  .  THE RECIPIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE-BASED VESTING CONDITION OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS WILL BE SATISFIED ONLY THROUGH CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER.  THE RECIPIENT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING CRITERIA SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF THE RECIPIENT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE THE RECIPIENT S CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
    
  (b)  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan.    By accepting this Award, the Recipient expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a description of the Plan.  The Recipient understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.  The Recipient agrees to be bound by such modification, amendment, suspension or termination regardless of whether notice is given to the Recipient of such event. 
    
  (c)  Binding Agreement.    Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  (d)  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares.    If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any federal, state, local or non U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Recipient (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company.  Where the Company determines that the delivery of any Shares will violate federal securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation.  The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such U.S. federal, state, local or non U.S. law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 
    
  (e)  No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any Related Entity from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation plans, agreements, or arrangements, and any such plans, agreements, and arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases or to specific persons. 
    
  (f)  Severability.    If any term or provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or under any applicable law, rule, or regulation, then such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or intent of this Agreement and the grant of Restricted Stock Units hereunder, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement and the Award hereunder shall remain in full force and effect). 

(g)  No Trust or Fund Created.    Neither this Agreement nor the grant of Restricted Stock Units hereunder shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Related Entity and the Recipient or any other person.  To the extent that the Recipient or any other person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company or any Related Entity pursuant to this Agreement, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
    
  (h)  Law Governing.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the state of Delaware (without reference to the conflict of laws rules or principles thereof).   
    
  (i)  Interpretation.    The Committee will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested).  All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith will be final and binding upon the Recipient, the Company and all other interested persons.  No member of the Committee will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.  In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
    
  (j)  Electronic Delivery and Acceptance.    The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units or other awards that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or request the Recipient s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Recipient hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  (k)  Headings.    Section, paragraph, and other headings and captions are provided solely as a convenience to facilitate reference.  Such headings and captions shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof.   
    
  (l)  Notices.    Any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or when deposited in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid, and addressed, in the case of the Company, to the Company s Secretary at 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400, Tempe, Arizona 85281, or if the Company should move its principal office, to such principal office, and, in the case of the Recipient, to the Recipient s last permanent address as shown on the Company s records, subject to the right of either party to designate some other address at any time hereafter in a notice satisfying the requirements of this Section.  The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Recipient s address as shown on the Company s records. 
    
  (m)  Compliance with Section 409A. 
    
  (i)  General.    It is the intention of both the Company and the Recipient that the benefits and rights to which the Recipient could be entitled pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A, and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with that intention.  If the Recipient or the Company believes, at any time, that any such benefit or right is not exempt from Section 409A, it shall promptly advise the other and the parties shall negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of such benefits and rights such that they comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A (with the most limited possible economic effect on the Recipient and on the Company). 
    
  (ii)  No Representations as to Section 409A Compliance.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to the Recipient that the Restricted Stock Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement or the shares associated with such Units are exempt from, or satisfy, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Recipient  

or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Recipient or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
    
  (iii)  No Acceleration of Payments.    Neither the Company nor the Recipient, individually or in combination, may accelerate any payment or benefit that is subject to Section 409A, except in compliance with Section 409A and the provisions of this Agreement, and no amount that is subject to Section 409A shall be paid prior to the earliest date on which it may be paid without violating Section 409A. 
    
  (iv)  Treatment of Each Installment as a Separate Payment.    For purposes of applying the provisions of Section 409A to this Agreement, each separately identified amount to which the Recipient is entitled under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.  In addition, to the extent permissible under Section 409A, any series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
    
  (n)  Non-Waiver of Breach.    The waiver by any party hereto of the other party s prompt and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any term or provision of this Agreement shall be effected solely in a writing signed by such party, and shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation, and the waiver by any party hereto to exercise any right or remedy which he, she or it may possess shall not operate nor be construed as the waiver of such right or remedy by such party, or as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy by such party, upon the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. 
    
  (o)  Counterparts.    This Agreement may be executed in two or more separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
  [Signature Page Follows] 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above. 
  COMPANY: 
  LIFELOCK, INC. 
  By:          
  Name:         
  Title:          

The Recipient acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that the Recipient has reviewed the   provisions   of the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, is familiar with and understands their terms and provisions, and hereby accepts this Award subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement.  The Recipient further represents that the Recipient has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement. 
  RECIPIENT: 
       
  [ ] 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 lock-ex107x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.7 

LIFELOCK, INC. 
  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT FOR 
    
  [ ] 

1.  Award of Restricted Stock  . LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ) hereby grants, as of [ ] (   Date of Grant   ), [ ] (the    Recipient   ), an Award of [ ] shares of Restricted Stock (the    RSAs   ). The RSAs shall be subject to the terms, provisions, and restrictions set forth in this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the    Agreement   ) and the Company s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ), which is incorporated herein for all purposes. Additionally, this Agreement is subject to any Integrated Agreement, which is incorporated herein for all purposes.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Integrated Agreement    means any written agreement entered into between the Company and the Recipient, or any written Company plan or program in which the Recipient becomes a participant, in each case entered into prior to or after the date hereof that provides for more beneficial vesting and/or exercise terms with respect to the RSAs subject to this Agreement.  As a condition to entering into this Agreement, and to the issuance of any shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (   Shares   ) (or any other securities of the Company pursuant thereto), the Recipient agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions herein and in the Plan and all applicable laws and regulations. The par value purchase price for each Share will be deemed paid by services rendered by the Recipient.  Unless otherwise provided herein, terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings attributable thereto in the Plan. 
    
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock. 
    
  (a)  General Vesting.   Except as otherwise provided in   Section 2(b)   and   Section 3  , the RSAs shall become vested in the following amounts, at the following times, and upon the following conditions, provided that the Continuous Service of the Recipient continues through and on the applicable Vesting Date: 
    
  Percentage of RSAs        Vesting Date 
    
                              [__]%                        [__] 
    
                              [__]%                        [__] 
    
  There shall be no proportionate or partial vesting of RSAs in the periods prior to each Vesting Date, and except as otherwise provided in   Section 2(b)   and   Section 3   hereof, all vesting of RSAs shall occur only on the applicable Vesting Date. 
    
  The RSAs with respect to which the Recipient shall have become vested pursuant to this   Section 2   and   Section 3   are sometimes referred to herein as the    Vested Shares   , and the RSAs with respect to which the Recipient shall not have become vested pursuant to this   Section 2   and   Section 3   are sometimes referred to herein as the    Unvested Shares   . 
    
  (b)  Acceleration of Vesting of RSAs.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, and subject to the terms of any Integrated Agreement, including any defined terms included therein, in the event that (i) there is a Change in Control that occurs prior to the date on which the RSAs become fully vested, and (ii) during the period beginning two months prior to such Change in Control and ending 12 months following such Change in Control, the Company terminates the Recipient s employment without Cause (an    Involuntary Termination   ), 25% of the RSAs  

shall be fully vested as of the later of the effective date of the Change in Control or the date of the Involuntary Termination.  For purposes of this Section 2(b) and for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the terms  Change in Control  and  Cause  are defined in the Integrated Agreement, such terms will have the meaning as defined in the Integrated Agreement.  Further, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Recipient becomes entitled to both (x) the vesting acceleration pursuant to this Section 2(b) and (y) the vesting acceleration in connection with an involuntary termination of Recipient s employment pursuant to any Integrated Agreement, then the vesting acceleration under the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) shall not be additive but instead, the Recipient will be entitled to receive, with respect to this Award, the greater of the vesting acceleration under this Section 2(b), or the vesting acceleration available under the Integrated Agreement that provides the greatest vesting acceleration in connection with such involuntary termination).  
    
  3.  Acceleration of Vesting at Company Discretion.    Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement, the Board or the Committee shall be authorized, in its sole discretion, based upon its review and evaluation of the performance of the Recipient and of the Company, to accelerate the vesting of any RSAs under this Agreement, at such times and upon such terms and conditions as the Board or the Committee shall deem advisable. 
    
  4.  Forfeiture of Non-Vested Shares  . If the Recipient s Continuous Service is terminated for any reason, other than because of an Involuntary Termination, any Unvested Shares that do not become Vested Shares pursuant to   Section 2   or   Section 3   hereof because of such termination shall be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient.  If the Recipient s Continuous Service is terminated on account of an Involuntary Termination, any Unvested Shares that do not become Vested Shares pursuant to   Section 2(b)   or   Section 3   hereof as a result of such Involuntary Termination shall be forfeited immediately on the date of such Involuntary Termination and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient, except for any Unvested Shares that become Vested Shares pursuant to   Section 2(b)   or   Section 3   hereof as a result of a Change in Control occurring on or before the end of the two month period immediately following the date of such Involuntary Termination.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Unvested Shares that otherwise may become eligible to vest in the event a Change in Control occurs on or before the end of the two month period immediately following the date of such Involuntary Termination will remain outstanding during the two month period, provided that if a Change in Control does not occur during such period, the Unvested Shares will be forfeited immediately upon the date two months after the date of the Involuntary Termination and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company and without any payment to the Recipient.  The Committee shall have the power and authority to enforce on behalf of the Company any rights of the Company under this Agreement in the event of the Recipient s forfeiture of the Unvested Shares pursuant to this   Section 4  .  The Recipient will not be entitled to a refund of the price paid for the Shares of Restricted Stock, if any, that are returned to the Company pursuant to this   Section 4  .  The Recipient s Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date that the Recipient no longer is actively providing services to the Company or any Related Entity (as applicable), regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Recipient is employed or providing services, or the terms of the Recipient s employment or service agreement, if any; and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Committee, the Recipient s right to vest in this Award of Restricted Stock under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period.  The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Recipient no longer is actively providing services for purposes of this Award of Restricted Stock (including whether the Recipient still may be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
    
  5.  Escrow   Release.   
    
  (a)  Shares Held in Escrow  .  The Shares of Restricted Stock awarded by this Agreement will be issued in the name of the Recipient, and unless and until such RSAs have vested in the manner set forth in   Section 2   or   Section 3  , the Shares will be held by the Company (or its designee) as escrow agent (the    Escrow Agent   ), and will not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, and will not be pledged or otherwise hypothecated.  The Escrow Agent will not be liable for any act it may do or omit to do with respect to holding these Shares of Restricted Stock in escrow while acting in good faith and in the exercise of its judgment.      The Company may determine to issue the Restricted Stock  

in book entry form and/or may instruct the transfer agent for its Common Stock to place a legend on the certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock or otherwise note in its records as to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement and the Plan.  The Shares awarded by this Agreement, which may be issued in certificate or book entry form, will not be delivered by the Escrow Agent to the Recipient unless and until the Shares have vested and all other terms and conditions in this Agreement have been satisfied.  Any RSAs that vest in accordance with   Section 2   or   Section 3   will be paid to Recipient (or in the event of the Recipient s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares only (subject to any adjustment that may be made in the event of a Change in Control or as specified in   Section 6(b)  ), subject to Recipient satisfying any applicable tax withholdings described in   Section 8  . 
    
  Upon the termination of the Recipient s Continuous Service for any reason, the Escrow Agent, upon receipt of written notice of such termination, will take all steps necessary to accomplish the transfer of the unvested Shares of Restricted Stock to the Company.  The Recipient hereby appoints the Escrow Agent with full power of substitution, as the Recipient s true and lawful attorney-in-fact with irrevocable power and authority in the name and on behalf of the Recipient to take any action and execute all documents and instruments, including, without limitation, stock powers which may be necessary to transfer the certificate or certificates evidencing such unvested Shares of Restricted Stock to the Company upon such termination. 
    
  (b)  Release from Escrow.    Any RSAs that vest in accordance with   Section 2   or   Section 3   will be released from escrow and delivered to Recipient (or in the event of Recipient s death, to his or her estate) as soon as practicable following the date of vesting, subject to   Section 8  . 
    
  6.        Rights with Respect to RSAs. 
    
  (a)    No Rights as Stockholder Until Delivery.   Except as otherwise provided in this   Section 6  , the Recipient shall not have any rights, benefits, or entitlements with respect to the Shares corresponding to the RSAs (or related dividends and/or distributions) unless and until those Shares are delivered to the Recipient or the Escrow Agent (and thus shall have no voting rights, or rights to receive any dividend declared, before those Shares are so delivered). Except as provided by   Section 6(b)  , on or after delivery, the Recipient shall have, with respect to the Shares delivered, all of the rights of a holder of Shares with respect to voting such Shares.  Notwithstanding any contrary provisions in this Agreement, any quarterly or other regular, periodic dividends and/or distributions (as determined by the Company) paid on Unvested Shares will be subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions of this Agreement as the Shares of Restricted Stock to which such dividends and/or distributions relate.  Any dividends and/or distributions on any Shares will be held by the Escrow Agent until such dividends and/or distributions have vested, and subject to the terms of this Agreement, will be delivered within thirty (30) days of the date such dividends and/or distributions have vested. 
    
  (b)    Adjustments to Shares.   In the event that as a result of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of stock, cash, other securities or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or the adjustment in capital stock of the Company or otherwise, or as a result of a merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off or other corporate transaction or event, the Shares of Restricted Stock will be increased, reduced or otherwise affected, and by virtue of any such event, the Recipient will, as the owner of unvested shares of Restricted Stock (the    Prior Shares   ), be entitled to new or additional or different Shares of stock, cash or other securities or property (other than rights or warrants to purchase securities); such new or additional or different shares, cash or securities or property will thereupon be considered to be unvested Restricted Stock and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions that were applicable to the Prior Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan.  If the Recipient receives rights or warrants with respect to any Prior Shares, such rights or warrants may be held or exercised by the Recipient, provided that until such exercise, any such rights or warrants, and after such exercise, any Shares or other securities acquired by the exercise of such rights or warrants will be considered to be Unvested Shares and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Prior Shares pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement. 
    
  7.    Transferability  . The RSAs are not transferable unless and until the Shares have been delivered to the Recipient in settlement of the RSAs in accordance with this Agreement, otherwise than by will or under the applicable  

laws of descent and distribution.  The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of the Recipient. Upon any attempt to effect a Transfer of any RSAs prior to the date on which the Shares have been delivered to the Recipient in settlement of the RSAs, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, this Award of Restricted Stock and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. For purposes of this Agreement,    Transfer  " shall mean any sale, transfer, encumbrance, gift, donation, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, and including, but not limited to, any disposition by operation of law, by court order, by judicial process, or by foreclosure, levy or attachment. 
    
  8.      Restrictions on Sale of Securities  .    Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company s insider trading policies, and any other applicable laws. 
    
  9.    Tax Matters. 
    
  (a)  Withholding.   As a condition to the Company s obligations with respect to the RSAs (including, without limitation, any obligation to deliver any Shares) hereunder, the Recipient shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay to the Company any Tax Obligations.  For purposes of this Agreement,    Tax Obligations    means tax, social insurance and social security liability obligations and requirements in connection with this Award, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local income, employment and any other taxes (including the Recipient s U.S. Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), (ii) the Recipient s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Related Entity, as applicable), the Company s (or Related Entity s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Award or sale of Shares issued under this Award, and (iii) any other taxes or social insurance or social security liabilities or premium the responsibility for which the Recipient has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to this Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares or other consideration thereunder). If the Recipient shall fail to satisfy the Tax Obligations, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind (including the withholding of any shares that otherwise would be delivered to Recipient under this Agreement) otherwise due to the Recipient any Tax Obligations.  The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that: 
    
  (i)  the Recipient is ultimately responsible for all Tax Obligations and the Recipient s liability for Tax Obligations may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Related Entity employing or retaining the Recipient (the    Employer   ), if any;  
    
  (ii)  the Company and/or the Employer make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of this Award of RSAs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of these Shares of Restricted Stock, the subsequent sale of Shares released from the escrow established pursuant to   Section 5   and the receipt of any dividends; 
    
  (iii)  the Company and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award of Restricted Stock to reduce or eliminate the Recipient s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result; 
    
  (iv)  the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction if the Recipient is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable; and  
    
  (v)  if the Recipient fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax Obligations at the time any applicable Shares of Restricted Stock otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to   Section 2   or   Section 3   or at any other time any Tax Obligations related to RSAs otherwise are due, the Recipient will permanently forfeit such Shares of Restricted Stock, and such Shares of Restricted Stock will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company.  

(b)  Satisfaction of Withholding Requirements.    When shares are issued as payment for vested RSAs, the Company will withhold a portion of the shares that have an aggregate market value sufficient to pay the minimum federal, state and local income, employment and any other Tax Obligations required to be withheld by the Company with respect to the shares, unless the Company, in its sole discretion, requires the Recipient to make alternate arrangements satisfactory to the Company for such withholdings in advance of the arising of any withholding obligations.  No fractional shares will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of RSAs and the issuance of shares hereunder.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no certificate representing the shares will be issued to Recipient, unless and until all Tax Obligations with respect to such shares have been withheld.  Recipient will permanently forfeit the RSAs if Recipient fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the payment of required Tax Obligations described in this   Section 8  .  All income and other taxes related to this Award and any shares delivered in payment thereof are the sole responsibility of Recipient.  If Tax Obligations are satisfied by withholding from shares otherwise deliverable to Recipient, Recipient is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested RSAs, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are withheld for the purpose of paying Tax Obligations due in connection with the RSAs.   
    
  (c)  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Recipient s participation in the Plan, or the Recipient s acquisition or sale of these Shares of Restricted Stock.  The Recipient should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, accounting and financial advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all other aspects of the Recipient s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.  In no event will the Company pay or reimburse the Recipient for any taxes or other costs imposed in connection with the RSAs.   
    
  10.    Amendment, Modification   Assignment; Non-Transferability.    This Agreement may only be modified or amended in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, provided that any modification that is adverse to the Recipient will not be effective unless the Recipient consents in writing to the modification. No promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Recipient s participation in the Plan, on this Award of Restricted Stock and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal, procedural or administrative reasons, and to require the Recipient to execute any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that such additional agreements or undertakings shall not impose an extension of the period of Continuous Service required to vest in this Award, increase post-service obligations of the Recipient, or other similar changes to this Award.  The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company.  Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Recipient and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.  The rights and obligations of the Recipient under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
    
  11.    Complete Agreement.   This Agreement and the Plan (together with any Integrated Agreement, and other agreements and documents expressly referred to herein, for the purposes referred to herein) embody the complete and entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings, or representations, whether oral, written, electronic, or otherwise, and whether express or implied, which may relate to the subject matter hereof in any way.  The Recipient expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. 

12.    Miscellaneous. 
    
  (a)  No Guarantee of Continued Service  .  THE RECIPIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE-BASED VESTING CONDITION OF THE RSAS WILL BE SATISFIED ONLY THROUGH CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RSAS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER.  THE RECIPIENT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING CRITERIA SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF THE RECIPIENT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE THE RECIPIENT S CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
    
  (b)  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan.    By accepting this Award, the Recipient expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of RSAs under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a description of the Plan.  The Recipient understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.  The Recipient agrees to be bound by such modification, amendment, suspension or termination regardless of whether notice is given to the Recipient of such event.   
    
  (c)  Binding Agreement.    Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  (d)  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares.    If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any federal, state, local or non U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Recipient (or his or her estate) hereunder or the release of such Shares from the escrow established pursuant to   Section 5  , such issuance or release will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company.  Where the Company determines that the delivery of any Shares will violate federal securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation.  The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such U.S. federal, state, local or non U.S. law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 
    
  (e)  No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any Related Entity from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation plans, agreements, or arrangements, and any such plans, agreements, and arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases  or  to specific persons. 
    
  (f)  Severability.   If any term or provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or under any applicable law, rule, or regulation, then such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or intent of this Agreement and the grant of RSAs hereunder, such provision shall  be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement and the Award hereunder shall remain in full force and effect). 
    
  (g)  No Trust or Fund Created.   Neither this Agreement nor the grant of RSAs hereunder shall  

create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Related Entity and the Recipient or any other person. To the extent that the Recipient or any other person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company or any Related Entity pursuant to this Agreement, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
    
  (h)  Law Governing.   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the state of Delaware (without reference to the conflict of laws rules or principles thereof).   
    
  (i)  Interpretation.   The Committee will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any RSAs have vested).  All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith will be final and binding upon the Recipient, the Company and all other interested persons.  No member of the Committee will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.  In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
    
  (j)  Electronic Delivery and Acceptance.    The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to RSAs awarded under the Plan or future RSAs or other awards that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or request the Recipient s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Recipient hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  (k)  Headings.   Section, paragraph, and other headings and captions are provided solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings and captions shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof. 
    
  (l)  Notices.   Any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing  and  shall  be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or when deposited in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid, and addressed, in the case of the Company, to the Company s Secretary at 60 E. Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 400, Tempe, Arizona 85281, or if the Company should move its principal office, to such principal  office, and, in the case of the Recipient, to the Recipient s last permanent  address as shown on the Company s records, subject to the right of either party to designate some other address at any time hereafter in a notice satisfying the requirements of this Section.  The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Recipient s address as shown on the Company s records.  
    
  (m)  Compliance with Section 409A.    It is the intention of both the Company and the Recipient that the benefits and rights to which the Recipient could be entitled pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A, and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with that intention. For purposes of this Agreement,    Section 409A    means Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.  If the Recipient or the Company believes, at any time, that any such benefit or right is not exempt from Section 409A, it shall promptly advise the other and the parties shall negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of such benefits and rights such that they comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A (with the most limited possible economic effect on the Recipient and on the Company). 
    
  (n)  Non-Waiver of Breach.    The waiver  by  any party  hereto  of the  other party s prompt and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any term or provision of this Agreement shall be effected solely in a writing signed by such party, and shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation, and the waiver by any party hereto to exercise any right or remedy which he, she or it may possess shall not  operate nor be construed as the waiver of such right or remedy by such party, or as a bar to the exercise of such  

right or remedy by such party,  upon  the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. 
    
  (o)  Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two or more separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
    
  [Signature Page Follows] 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written above. 
    
  COMPANY: 
  LIFELOCK, INC. 
  By:          
  Name:         
  Title:          

The Recipient acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that the Recipient has reviewed the   provisions   of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement in their entirety, is familiar with and understands their terms and provisions, and hereby accepts this Award subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  The Recipient further represents that the Recipient has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
    
  RECIPIENT:    
    
  __________________________________ 
  [ ] 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 lock-ex311x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Hilary Schneider, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LifeLock, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ Hilary Schneider 

Hilary Schneider 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 lock-ex312x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Douglas Jeffries, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LifeLock, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ Douglas Jeffries 

Douglas Jeffries 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 lock-ex321x20160930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF  
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Hilary Schneider, Chief Executive Officer and President of LifeLock, Inc. ( LifeLock ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that LifeLock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in LifeLock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects LifeLock s financial condition and results of operations. 
               /s/ Hilary Schneider 
      Hilary Schneider 
      Chief Executive Officer and President 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 8, 2016    
  I, Douglas Jeffries, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of LifeLock, Inc. ( LifeLock ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that LifeLock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in LifeLock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects LifeLock s financial condition and results of operations 
               /s/ Douglas Jeffries    
      Douglas Jeffries 
      Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 
      (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

November 8, 2016 
  This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any LifeLock, Inc. filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
  A signed original of these written statements required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to LifeLock, Inc. and will be retained by LifeLock, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 lock-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 lock-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 lock-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 lock-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 lock-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 lock-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

