<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1051512_0001051512-16-000125_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14926866</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167879</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1202214</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4258503</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4473125</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2135278</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001051512-16-000125.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104082611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001051512-16-000125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TELEPHONE & DATA SYSTEMS INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001051512
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				362669023
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14157
		FILM NUMBER:		161973701

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 NORTH LASALLE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE 4000
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3126301900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 NORTH LASALLE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE 4000
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001051512-16-000125.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 tdsform10q.htm
 10-Q

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS, INC.  

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

36-2669023  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(IRS Employer Identification No.)  

30 North LaSalle Street, Suite 4000, Chicago, Illinois 60602  

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (312) 630-1900  

Yes  

No  

Indicate by   check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports  ), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

[x]  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File   required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

[x]  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark   whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the E  xchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

[x]  

Accelerated filer  

[ ]  

Non-accelerated filer  

[ ]  

Smaller reporting company  

[ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

[ ]  

[x]  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Class  

Outstanding at September 30, 2016  

Common Shares, $0.01 par value  

102,720,328 Shares  

Series A   Common Shares, $0.01 par value  

7,222,450 Shares  

Telephone   and Data Systems, Inc.  

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016  

Index  

Page No.  

Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      

1   

Executive Overview   

1   

Terms used by TDS      

3   

Results of Operations   TDS Consolidated   

4   

U.S. Cellular Operations      

7   

TDS Telecom Operations   

14   

Wireline Operations   

16   

Cable Operations   

19   

HMS Operations   

22   

Liquidity and Capital Resources      

24   

Consolidated Cash Flow     A  nalysis   

28   

Consolidated B  alance Sheet Analysis   

29   

Supplemental Information     Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

30   

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

35   

Recen  t Accounting Pronouncements      

35   

Regulatory Matters   

36   

Private Securit  ies Litigation Reform Act of 199  5 Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement   

37   

Risk Factors   

39   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

39   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)      

40   

Consolidated Statement of Operations   

40   

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income      

41   

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   

42   

Consolidated Balance Sheet   

43   

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity   

45   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

47   

Controls and Procedures      

62   

Legal Proceedings      

62   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

62   

Other Information      

63   

Exhibits      

64   

Form 10-Q Cross Reference Index   

65   

Signatures   

66   

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Telephone and Data Systems,     Inc.  
                          Management s Discussion and Analysis of   
                          Financial Condition     and Results of Operations  

Executive Overview  
              The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with   Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. s ( TDS )   interim consolidated financial statements an  d notes included herein  , and with the description of   TDS    business, its audited consolidated fin  ancial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis     ( MD A )   of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in   TDS    Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form 10-K ) for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .      Analysis of TDS  financial results compares the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Calculated amounts and percentages are based on the underlying actual numbers rather than the numbers rounded to millions as presented.  
              This report contains statements that are not based on his  torical facts, including the words  believes,   anticipates,   intends,   expects  and similar words.  These statements constitute and represent  forward looking statements  as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.    Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by suc  h forward looking statements.    See   Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995   Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement for additional information.   
              TDS   uses certain  non-GAAP financial measures  throughout the MD A.  A discussion of the reason   TDS     determines   these metrics to be useful   and a reconciliation   of these measures   to their most directly comparable   measures determined in accordance with accounting principles   generally accepted in the Unit  ed States of America ( GAAP ) are   included in the Supplemental   Information   Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section w  ithin the MD A of this Form 10-Q   Report.  

1  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

General  
                          TDS   is a diversified telecommunications company   that provides high-quality   communications services to approximately 6   million customers nationwide.    TDS provides wireless services through its   83%  -owned subsidiary, United States Cellular Corporation ( U.S. Cellular ).  TDS also provides wireline services, cable services and hosted and managed servic  es ( HMS ), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, TDS Telecommunications Corporation ( TDS Telecom ).  TDS  segments operate almost entirely in the United States.  See Note   11       Business Segm  ent Information   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for summary financial information on each business segment.  

TDS Mission and Strategy  
              TDS  mission is to provide outstanding communications services to its customers and meet the needs   of its shareholders, its people, and its communities.  In pursuing this mission, TDS seeks to profitably grow its businesses, create opportunities for its associates and employees, and steadily build value over the long  -  term for its shareholders.  Across a  ll of its businesses, TDS is focused on providing exceptional customer experiences through best-in-class   services   and   products   and superior customer service.   
              TDS  long-term   strategy calls for the majority of   its   capital to be reinvested in   its   operating b  usinesses to strengthen their     competitive positions, while still returning value to TDS shareholders through the payment of a regular quarterly cash dividend and share repurchases.    
              In 2016, TDS is working to build shareholder value by continuing to execute on its strategies to build strong, competitive businesses providing high-quality, data-focused services and products.  Strategic efforts include:   
             
                   U.S. Cellular deployed 4G LTE as   a result of U.S. Cellular s strategic initiative to enhance its network.  4G LTE reaches 99% of postpaid connections and 98% of cell sites.  The adoption of data-centric smartphones and connected devices is driving significant growth in data traffic.  At t  he end of the third quarter of 2016,   77%   of postpaid connections had 4G capable devices, with the LTE network handling 90% of data traffic.  U.S. Cellular continues to devote efforts to enhance its network capabilities with the depl  oyment of VoLTE technology and plans a multi-year roll out beginning with one market in early 2017.  VoLTE, when deployed commercially, will enable customers to utilize the LTE network for both voice and data services, and will enable enhanced services suc  h as high definition voice, video calling and simultaneous voice and data sessions.  The deployment of VoLTE also will expand U.S. Cellular s ability to offer roaming services to additional carriers.   
                  U.S. Cellular continued to enhance its spectrum position   and monetize non-strategic assets by entering into multiple agreements with third parties.  Certain of these agreements involve the purchase of licenses for cash, while others involve the exchange of licenses in non-operating markets for other licenses in   operating markets and cash.  As a result of the closing of multiple exchange agreements in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, U.S. Cellular received $15 million of cash and recognized gains of $16 million.  The remaining license purchase and exchan  ge transactions are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, at which point U.S. Cellular expects to recognize additional gains.  See Note   5       Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchange  s   for additional information related to these transactions.  
                  U.S. Cellular is focused on expanding its solutions available to business and government customers, including a growing suite of machine-to-machine solutions across various categories.  U.S. Ce  llular will continue to enhance its advanced wireless services and connected solutions for consumer, business and government customers.  
                  U.S. Cellular is committed to continuous innovation   so as to provide customers in the markets it serves with the   latest technology that can enhance their lives or businesses.  During the third quarter of 2016, U.S. Cellular successfully tested 5G technology in both indoor and outdoor environments for the first time.  The company plans additional tests geared towards   understanding the propagation characteristics of the new technology and contributing to the development of 5G standards.  When deployed commercially, 5G technology is expected to help address customers  growing demand for data services as well as create op  portunities for new services requiring high speed and low latency.  

TDS Telecom s Wireline business   has substantially     completed   its   currently   planned deployment of fiber technology   in its existing markets   to provide internet speeds of up to 1 Gigabit per se  cond ( Gbps ).  In   certain   non-fiber markets, TDS Telecom offers speeds reaching up to 50 Megabits per second ( Mbps )   using   bonded   copper lines.  By leveraging     its   high-speed network, Wireline continues to drive growth in its IPTV, broadband, and managedI  P services.   
                  TDS Telecom s Cable business has continued to make network capacity investments and offer more advanced services in its markets in line with its strategy to increase connections and grow broadband penetration.  
                  TDS Telecom s HMS business is   focused on growing recurring service revenues through increased sales of IT solutions including hosted and managed services, colocation services, and cloud computing, and through increasing the utilization of its service delivery platform and data center a  ssets.     

2  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Terms Used by TDS  
              All defined terms in this MD A are used as defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and additional terms are defined below:  
             
                  4G LTE     fourth generation Long-Term Evolution which is a wireless broadband technology.  
                  5G     fifth generation   wireless broadband technology.  
                  Account     represents an individual or business   financially responsible for   one or multiple   associated connections.      A  n   account may include   a   variety of   types of connections such as   handsets and connecte  d devices.  
                  Auction 97     An FCC auction of AWS-3 spectrum licenses that ended in January 2015.  
                  Auctions 1000, 1001, and 1002      Auction 1000 is an FCC auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses being held in 2016 involving: (1) a  reverse auction  in which broadc  ast television licensees submit bids to voluntarily relinquish spectrum usage rights in exchange for payments (referred to as Auction 1001); (2) a  repacking  of the broadcast television bands in order to free up certain broadcast spectrum for other uses;   and (3) a  forward auction  of licenses for spectrum cleared through this process to be used for wireless communications (referred to as Auction 1002).     
                  Broadband Connections     refers to the number of Wireline customers provided high-capacity data circuits   via various technologies, including fiber, DSL and dedicated internet circuit technologies or the Cable billable number of lines into a building for high-speed data services.  
                  Churn Rate     represents the percentage of the connections that disconnect servic  e each month.  These rates represent the average monthly churn rate for each respective period.     
                  FCC     Federal Communications Commission.  
                  Gross Additions     represents the total number of new connections added during the period, without regard to connection  s that were terminated during that period.   
                  IPTV Connections     represents the number of Wireline customers provided video services using IP networking technology.  
                  Machine-  to-Machin  e or M2M     technology that involves the transmission of data between network  ed devices, as well as the performance of actions by devices without human intervention.  U.S. Cellular sells and supports M2M solutions to customers, provides connectivity for M2M solutions via the U.S. Cellular network, and has partnerships with device m  anufacturers and software developers which offer M2M solutions.  
                  ManagedIP Connections     refers to the number of telephone handsets, data lines and IP trunks providing communications using IP networking technology.     
                  Net Additions     represents the total numb  er of new connections added during the period, net of connections that were terminated during that period.   
                  Postpaid Average Billings per Account ( Postpaid ABPA   )   non-GAAP metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues plus equipment i  nstallment plan billings by the average number of postpaid accounts and by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid Average Billings per User ( Postpaid ABPU )     non-GAAP metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues plus equipment i  nstallment plan billings by the average number of postpaid connections and by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid Average Revenue per Account ( Postpaid ARPA )     metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues by the average numbe  r of postpaid accounts and by the number of months in the period.  
                  Postpaid Average Revenue per User ( Postpaid ARPU )     metric is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues by the average number of postpaid connections and by the number of mont  hs in the period.  
                  Retail Connections     the sum of postpaid connections and prepaid connections.  
                  Smartphone Penetration     is calculated by dividing postpaid smartphone connections by postpaid handset connections.  
                  Universal Service Fund ( USF )     A system of   telecommunications collected fees and support payments managed by the FCC intended to promote universal access to telecommunications services in the United States.  
                  U.S. Cellular Connections   -     individual line  s   of service associated with each device activated by a customer  .  This includes smartphones, feature phones, tablets, modems, and machine-to-machine devices.  
                  Video Connections     generally, a home or business receiving video programming counts as one video   connection.  In counting bulk residential or commercial connections, such as an apartment building or a hotel, connections are counted based   on the number of units/rooms within the building receiving service.  
                  Voice Connections     refers to the individual circuits connecting a customer to Wireline s central office facilities or the Cable billable number of lines into a building for voice services.     
                  VoLTE     Voice over Long-Term Evolution is a technology specification that defines   the standards and procedures for delivering voice communications and related services over 4G LTE networks.  
                  Wireline Residential Revenue per Connection     is calculated by dividing total Wireline residential revenue by the average number of total Wireline residential connections and by   the number of months in the period.    

3  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Results of Operations       TDS Consolidated  

4  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

The   decrease in operating revenues is due primarily to the impact of $58 million in revenue recognized by U.S. Cellular from expired rewards points in the third quarter of 2015.  

The increase in operating expenses   for   the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 wa  s due primarily to the absence of significant offsetting gains recognized from sales and exchanges of businesses and licenses.  Such gains were $  277   million in 2015 compared to $  17   million in 2016.  

Refer to individual segment discussions in this MD A for additional details on operating revenues and expenses at the segment level.  
              Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities  
              Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities represents TDS  share of net in  come from entities in which it has a noncontrolling interest and that are accounted for by the equity method.        TDS  investment in the Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership ( LA     Partnership )   contributed $  17     million   and $  19   million to Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities for   the three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $  57     million   and $  58   million for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   respectively  .  See Note   7           Investments in Unconsolidated Entities   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
              Interest and     dividend income  
              Interest and   dividend income increased due to imputed interest income recognized on equipment installment plans of $  13   million and $  9   million for the three months ended   Septemb  er 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and $  37   million and $  24   million for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
              Interest expense  
              Interest expense increased due primarily to U.S. Cellular s issuance of $300 million of 7.25% Senior Notes due 2064   in November 2015 and borrowing of $225 million on U.S. Cellular s senior term loan facility that was drawn in July 2015.  
              Income tax expense  
              TDS  effective tax rate on Income before income taxes for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   46.6%     and   43.6%  , respectively, and for t  he   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   42.1%   and   40.3%  .    The effective tax rates   for the three and nine month periods primarily reflect a normalized combined rate of federal and state taxes, but are also affected by certain discrete items in each period which increase or decrease the effective tax rate for each period.  Because certai  n discrete items are not annualized, these rates may not be indicative of the annual rate for 2016.    

5  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax  

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax includes the noncontrolling public shareholders  share of U.S.   Cellular s net income and the noncontrolling shareholders  or partners  share of certain U.S. Cellular subsidiaries  net income (loss  ).  The decr  ease from 2015 to 2016 for both the three and nine   month period  s   is due to lower income from U.S. Cellular and   certain other partnerships in 2016.  

Three Months Ended  
                                 
                              Net income and Adjusted EBITDA decreased due primarily to   the impact of revenue recognized from expired rewards points in the third quarter of 2015.    
                              Nine Mo  nths Ended  
                              In addition to the impact of the expired rewards points,   Net income decreased due primarily to a lesser amount of gains from sales and exchanges of businesses and licenses recognized in 2016 compared to   2015.  Such gains are not included as   a component of Adjusted EBITDA and, as a result, Adjusted EBITDA did not decline as much as Net income.  

*Represents a non-GAAP financial measure.  Refer to Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for a   reconciliation of this measure.  

6  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

U.S. CELLULAR OPERATIONS  

Business Overview  
              U.S. Cellular owns, operates, and invests in wireless markets throughout the United States.  U.S.   Cellular is an   83%  -owned   subsidiary   of TDS.    U.S. Cellular s strategy is to attract and retain wireless customers   through a value proposition compr  ised of a high-quality network, outstanding customer service, and   competitive devices, plans, and pricing, all provided with a local focus.      

OPERATIONS  

Serves   customers with   approximately   5.0   million connections including   4.5   million postpaid,     0.5     million   prepaid and 0.1 million reseller and other connections   
                              Operates in   23   states  
                              Employs approximately   6,300   employe  es  
                              Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois  
                              6,374   cell sites including   4,015     owned towers in service  

7  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Operational Overview  

8  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Smartphones represented   92%   and   87%   of total postpaid handset sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  As a result, s  martphone penetration increased to     78%   of     the   post  paid handset base as of   September 30, 2016  , up from   72%     a year ago.    Smartphone customers generally use more data than feature phone customers, thereby driving growth in service revenues.  
                          Continued growth in customer usage related to data   ser  vices   and     products may result in increased operating expenses and the need for additional investment in spectrum, network capacity and network enhancements.  

1       The     discontinuation   of the loyalty rewards points   program   had the effect of increasing   Postpaid   ARPU  /ABPU   and   Postpaid   ARPA  /ABPA   by $4.48 and $11.34 for the three months ended September 2015, respectively, and $1.50 and $3.74 for the nine months ended September 2015, respectively.  
                             
                          2    Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA are   non-GAAP financial me  asure  s  .  Refer to Supplementa  l Information Relating to Non-  GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for a reconciliation of this measure.  

Postpaid ARPU   and Postpaid ARPA   decreased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to the impact of the loyalty rewards points program that was discontinued in September 2015, industry-wide price competition, and discounts on shared data plans provid  ed to customers on   equipment   installment plans and those providing their own device at the time of activation or   renewal.    Postpaid ARPU also decreased due to growth in the number of connected devices, which on a per unit basis contribute less revenue than   handsets.  These factors were partially offset by the impacts of continued adoption of smartphones and the related increase in service revenues from data usage.    
              Equipment installment plans increase equipment sales revenue as customers pay for their wire  less devices in installments at a total device price that is generally higher than the device price offered to customers in conjunction with alternative plans that are   subject   to a service contract.      Equipment installment plans also have the impact of redu  cing service revenues as many equipment installment plans provide for reduced monthly access charges.      In order to show the trends in total service and equipment revenues received, U.S. Cellular has presented Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA, which are calc  ulated as Postpaid ARPU and Postpaid ARPA plus average monthly equipment installment plan billings per connection and account, respectively.  

9  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Equipment installment plan billings increased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to increased adoption of equipment installment plans by postpaid customers.        Postpaid ABPU     and ABPA   decreased in 2016 as the increase in equipment installment plan billings was more than offset by the     decline in   Postpaid ARPU   and ARPA   discussed above.    U.S. Cellular expects the adoption and penetration of equipment installment plans to continue to increase as plan offerings shift more toward equipment installment plans.      Effective in September 2016, ne  w postpaid handset sales to retail consumers are made under equipment installment plans; business and government customers may purchase equipment under either installment plans or alternative plans that are subject to a service contract.    

10  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financial Overview   U.S. Cellular  

11  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

S  ervice revenues consist of:  
                         
                              Retail Service -   Charges for access, airtime, roaming, recovery of regulatory costs and value added services, including data   services and   products  
                              Inbound Roaming -   Charges to other wireless carriers whose customers use   U.S. Cellular s wireless systems when roaming  
                              Other   Primarily a  mount  s received from the Federal USF and tower rental revenues  

Equipment revenues consist of:  
                         
                              Sales of wirel  ess devices and related accessories to new and existing customers, agent  s, and third-party distributors  

Key components of changes in the statement of operations line items were as follows:  
              Total operating revenues  
              Service revenues   decreased     for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as a result of   (i) a   decrease   in retail service revenues   driven by the $58 million impact of the loyalty rewards program that ended in September 2015; (ii)   industry-wide price competition, including discounts on shared data plans provided to customers on equipment installment plans and those providing their own   device at the time of activation or renewal  ; and (ii  i  ) reductions in     inbound roaming revenue  s     driven by lower roaming rates.    Such reductions were partially offset by an increase in the average connections base and continued adoption of   smartphones and   sha  red data plans.     
                 
              Federal USF   revenue was $23 million and $69 million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively  ,     which remained flat   when compare  d to the same periods last year  . Pursuant to the FCC s Reform Order (   Reform   Order ), U.S. Cellular s     Federal USF support was to be phased down at the rate of 20% per year beginning July 1, 2012. The Phase II Mobility Fund was not operational as of July   20  14 and  , therefore, as provided by the Reform Order, the phase down was suspended at 60% of the baseline amount. U.S. Cellular will continue to receive     USF support at the 60% level until the FCC takes further action. At this time, U.S. Cellular c  annot predi  ct t  he   changes that the   FCC might make to the USF     high cost support program and, accordingly, cannot predict whether such changes will have a material adverse effect on U.S. Cellular s business, financial     condition or results of operations.      
                 
              Equipment sa  les revenues   increased   for the     three months ended     September 30, 2016     when compared to   the     three months ended     September 30, 2015     due primarily to   a shift in mix to sales under equipment installment plans together with   an increase in average r  evenue per device sold under   such   plans  .    Equipment install  ment plan sales contributed $192   million and $  8  9 million during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.    
                 
              Equipment sales revenues   increased   for the     nine months ended     September   30, 2016     when compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015     due to   an overall increase in the number of devices sold, and a shift in mix to sales under equipment installment plans together with   an increase in average revenue per device sold under   such   plans  .    Equipment install  ment plan sales contributed $501   million and $  226   million during the     nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.    Equipment installment   plan connections   represented 40% and 23%   of total   postpaid connections as of   September 30, 2016     and   2015  , respectively.  

12  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

System operations expenses  
              System operations expenses decreased by modest amounts for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods last year.  
              U.S. Cellular expects system operations expenses to increase in the future to support the   continued growth in cell sites and other network facilities as it continues to add capacity, enhance quality and deploy new technologies as well as to support increases in total customer   data   usage.  However, these increases are expected to be offset to so  me extent by cost savings generated by shifting data traffic to the 4G LTE network from the 3G network.  
              Cost of equipment sold  
              Cost of equipment sold decreased for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   as a result of a decrease in the average cost per device sold   driven by the lower cost of smartphones and to a lesser extent the lower sales of accessories.  Cost of equipment sold included $200 million and $113 million related to equipment installment plan sales for the   three m  onths ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.    Loss on equipment  , defined as Equipment sales revenues less Cost of equipment sold,   was $  41   million and $  114   million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  .  
              Cost of equipment sold increased for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   primarily as the result of a 4%   increase in devices sold, partially offset by a decrease in the average cost per device sold.  Cost of equipment sold included $534 million and $305 million related to equipment installment plan sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.    Loss on equipment     was $  144   million and $  318   million   for the   nine months   ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
              Selling, general and administrative expenses  
              Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by modest amounts for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods last year.  This decrease was attributable to various expense reductio  ns that were partially offset by a $13 million expense recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the termination of a naming rights agreement.   
              Depreciation, amortization, and accretion   expenses  
              The increase  s   in     Depreciation, a  mortization, and accretion expenses   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were mainly driven by the increase in amortization expense related to billing sys  tem upgrades.  
              (Gain) loss on   asset disposals  , net  
              The increases in Loss on asset disposals were primarily driven by more disposals of certain network assets during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods last year.  
              (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net  
              The net gain for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was due primarily to a $108 million gain recognized on sale of towers and certain related contracts, assets and liabilities.  
               (Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges  , net  
              The net gains in   2016   and   2015   were due to gains recognized on license exchange transactions with third parties.    See   Note 5     Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges     in the Notes to Consolidated Financ  ial Statements for additional information.          

13  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

TDS TELECOM OPERATIONS  

Business Overview  
              TDS Telecom operates in three reportable segments: Wireline, Cable   and   HMS.      The overall strategy for the   W  ireline and   C  able businesses is to own the best   data   pipe  s   in   each   market in order to capitalize on data growth and the need for higher broadband speeds   and leverage that growth by bundling services with video and voice  .  In addition, through its HMS business, TDS Telecom provides a wide range of Information Tech  nology ( IT ) services including colocation, dedicated hosting, hosted application management, cloud computing services and   the   planning, engineering, procurement, installation, sales and management of  IT infrastructure hardware solutions.  

OPERATIONS  

Wireline and Cable serve   approximately   1.2   million   broadband, video and voice   connections in 34 states.  
                              Wireline operates 105 incumbent local exchange carriers ( ILEC ) in 25 states and competitive local exchange carriers   ( CLEC ) in 4 states.  
                              Cable operates primarily in   Oregon, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico and   Texas.  
                              HMS operates a total of eight data centers.  It owns two data centers in Iowa,   and   one each in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Colorado and Oregon and it leases two data   centers in Arizona.  

14  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Financial Overview   TDS Telecom  

Three and   Nine Months Ended  
                          Operating revenues for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased   as   declines in HMS equipment revenues were   partially offset by increases in revenues from Cable operations  .  

Total operating expenses  
              Operating expenses for the three   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased due to lower HMS cost of equipment and products on reduced equipment sales partially offset by higher video programming costs and employee expenses.    
              Operating expenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016     increased   due to higher video programming costs and employee expenses.  

15  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

WIRELINE OPERATIONS  

Business Overview  
              TDS Telecom s     W  ireline business provides broadband, video and voice services.  These   services are provided to residential, commercial, and wholesale customers in a mix of rural, small town and suburban markets, with   the largest concentration of its   customers in the Uppe  r Midwest and the Southeast.  TDS Telecom s strategy is to offer its   re  sidential customers broadband, video, and voice services throu  gh value-added bundling.  In its commercial business, TDS Telecom s     strategic   focus   is   on small  -   to medium  -  sized business  es and its   sales efforts emphasize advanced IP-based voice and data servi  ces.   
              Operational Overview  

Wireline residential broadband customers, comprised mainly of ILEC connections, are increasingly choosing higher speeds.    

In total, Wireline increased   residenti  al revenue per connection by   3%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  

Total residential connections increased   as a   44%     increase   in IPTV connections was partially   offset by a   3%   decline in voice connections  .  

Total commercial connections decreased by   3%   as declines in voice and broadband connections outpaced the   4  %   growth in managedIP connections.  

16  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financial Overview       Wireline  

Residential revenues consist   of:  

Broadband services, including fiber-based and   other digital,   pre  mium and enhanced data services  
                                  IPTV and satellite video  

Voice services  
                             
                              Commercial revenues consist of:  

TDS managedIP voice and data services  
                                  High-speed and dedicated business internet   services  

Voice services  
                             
                              Wholesale revenues consist of:  

Network access services to interexchange carriers for the origination and termination of interstate and intrastate long distance phone calls on   TDS Telecom s   network and special access   services to car  riers and others  
                                  Amounts received from   State and     Federal USF support  

17  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Key components of changes in the statement of operations items were as follows:  
                 
              Total operating revenues  
              Residential revenues increased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016     as growth in IPTV and data   connections   more than offset the decline in legacy voice services. For both periods  ,   IPTV average connections grew   approximat  ely 45  %, offset by a   3  % decline in average voice connections.  
              Commercial revenues decreased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as declining legacy voice   and data connections reduced revenues, partially offset by an increase in revenue driven by 3% growth in average managedIP connections in both periods.  
              Wholesale revenues decreased for the three   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to the effect of divestitures and a 14  % reduction in intra-state minutes-of-use  . For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , Wholesale   revenues decreased   due   to the items which affected the three month period and lower special access revenue  .   
              Cost of services   
              Cost of services   increased   for the three   and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016     a  s increased charges related to employee expenses and   growth in IPTV were offset by reduced costs of provisioning circuits, purchasing unbundled network elements and providing long-distance services.  
              Selling, general a  nd administrative expenses   
              Selling, general and administrative expenses   were relatively flat for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  E  xpenses increased   for the nine month period   due to growth in employee e  xpenses   offset by a decrease in bad debts expense  .  
              Depreciation, amortization and accretion  
              Depreciation, amortization and accretion   were relatively flat for the three   month period ended September 30, 2016. The decrease for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   due primarily to a $4 million adjustment   recorded in the three months   ended June 30, 2016   for excess depreciation   attributable to the third quarter of 2014 through the first quarter of 2016  .    

18  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

CABLE OPERATIONS  

Business Overview  
              TDS Telecom s cable strategy is to expand its   broadba  nd services and leverage that growth by   bundling with video and voice services.  TDS Telecom   seek  s   to be the leading provider of bro  adband services in its   targeted markets   by leveraging its   core competencies in network m  anagement and customer focus.  
              Operational Overview  

Cable connections grew   5%     over   201  5   with increases in broadband   and voice   outpacing declines in video.  

19  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Financial Overview       Cable  

Residential   and Commercial   revenues consist of:  

B  roadband   services, including high-speed internet  ,   security and support services  
                              Video services, including premium programming in HD, and multi-room and TV Everywhere offerings  
                              Voice services  

20  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Key components of changes in the   statement of operations items were as follows:  
              Total operating revenues  
              Residential revenues increased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   due primarily   to an 8  % increase in   year-to-date   average residential connections   partially   offset by a decrease in revenue caused by promotional pricing.  
              Commercial   revenues   increased for   the three   and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   due primarily to increases in high-speed data customers.  
              Cost of services  
              Cost of services increased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   due primarily to increases in employee expenses   and   programming content costs.  
              Selling, general and administrative expenses  
              Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   due to lower employee, customer service and advertising costs  .    

21  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

HMS OPERATIONS  

Business Overview  
              Under   TDS Telecom s     OneNeck IT Solutions brand, TDS Telecom   offer  s   a full-s  uite of IT   solutions ranging from equipment resale to full management and hosting of a customer s IT   infrastructure and applications.  The goal of   HMS operations is to create, deliver, and support a pl  atform of IT products and services tailored for mid-  market   business customers.  
              Financial Overview       HMS  

22  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Service revenues consist   of:  

Cloud and hosting solutions  
                              Managed services  
                              Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) application management  
                              Professional services  
                              Co-location services  

IT hardware maintenance services  
                         
                          Equipment revenues consist of:  
                         
                              IT hardware   sales  

Key components of   changes in the statement of operations items were as follows:  
              Total Operating revenues  
              Service revenues decreased for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   due to lower professional service sales.   For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , Service revenues increased due primarily to higher maintenance sales.    
              Equipment a  nd product sales revenues from sales of IT infrastructure hardware solutions decreased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   due primarily to lower spendin  g by existing customers. There was a corresponding decrease in Cost of equipment and products.  
              Cost of services  
              Cost of services were flat for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and decreased     for the   nine     months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to reduced employee expenses offset by higher maintenance and support costs.   
              Selling, general and administrative expenses  
              Selling, general and administra  tive expenses   were relatively flat for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and increased for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to higher employee   costs.    

23  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
              Sources of Liquidity  
              TDS and its subsidiaries operate capital-intensive businesses.        Historically,   TDS has used internally-generated funds and also has obtained substantial funds from external sources for general   corporate purposes.      In the past, TDS  existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facilities, funds from other financing sources, including a term loan and other long-term debt, and cash flows from operating, investin  g and financing activities, including sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for TDS to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement of ma  rkets and to fund acquisitions.      There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future.        
              TDS believes that existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its revolving credit facilities, and expected cash flows from operating and in  vesting activities provide liquidity for TDS to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service re  quirements for the coming year.  Although TDS currently has a significant cash balance, i  n certain recent periods, TDS has incurred negative free   cash flow (defined as Cash flows from operating activities less Cash   paid   for additions to property, plant and equipment) and this will continue in the future if operating results do not improve   or capital expenditures are not reduced  .        TDS currently expec  ts to have   minimal   free cash flow in 2016 due to anticipated growth in equipment installment plan receivables combined with significant capital expenditures.        
              TDS may require substantial additional capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operati  ng needs, working capital  , acquisitions of providers of wireless or wireline telecommunications services, cable markets, IT services or other businesses, spectrum license or system acquisitions, system development and network capacity expansion, debt servi  ce requirements, the repurchase of shares, the payment of dividends, or making additional investments.      It may be necessary from time  -  to  -  time to increase the size of the existing revolving credit facilities, to put in place new credit facilities, or to obt  ain other forms of financing in order to fund potential expenditures.      TDS  liquidity would be adversely affected if, among other things, TDS is unable to obtain short or long-term financing on acceptable terms, TDS makes   significant   spectrum license purch  ases in FCC auctions or from other parties,   TDS makes significant business acquisitions,   the LA Partnership   discontinues   or reduces distributions compared to historical levels  ,     or Federal USF   and/or other regulatory support payments continue to decline.      I  n addition, although sales of assets or businesses by TDS have been an important source of liquidity in recent periods, TDS does not expect a similar level of such sales in the future, which will reduce a source of liquidity.        In recent years, TDS  credit   rating has declined to sub-investment grade.           
              There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to TDS or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to TDS.      Insufficient cash flows from operating activities,   further   ch  anges in its credit ratings, defaults of the terms of debt or credit agreements, uncertainty of access to capital, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn limits their ability to borrow and lend, other change  s in the performance of TDS or in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its acquisition, capital expenditure and business developmen  t programs, reduce the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases and/or the payment of dividends.        TDS cannot provide assurance that circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or capital resour  ces will not occur.      Any of the foregoing would have an adverse impact on TDS  businesses, financial condition or results of operations.    

24  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Cash and Cash Equivalents  
              Cash and cash equivalents include cash and money market investments.  The primary objective of TDS  Cash and cash equivalents investment activities is to preserve principal.    Cash held by U.S. Cellular is for its operational needs and acquisition, capital   expenditure and business development programs.  TDS does not have direct access to U.S. Cellular cash unless U.S. Cellular pays a dividend on its common stock.  U.S. Cellular has no current intention to pay a dividend to its shareholders.  

At     September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015  ,     TDS  consolidated cash and cash equivalents totaled     $  985     million.      The majority of TDS  Cash and cash equivalents was held in bank deposit accounts and in   money market funds that invest exclusively in U.S. Treasury Notes or in repurchase agreements fully collateralized by such obligations.      TDS monitors the financial viability of the money market funds and direct investments in which it invests and believes   that the credit risk associated with these investments is low.  

Financing  
              TDS and U.S. Cellular have revolving credit facilities available for general corporate purposes.  In June 2016, TDS entered into a new $  400   million revo  lving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties and U.S. Cellular entered into a new $  300   million revolving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties.  As a result of the new agreements, TDS  and U.S.   Cellular s revolving credit   agreements due to expire in December 2017 were terminated.  Amounts under both of the new revolving credit facilities may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time-to-time until maturity in June 2021.    Certain TDS and   U.S. Ce  llular wholly-owned subsidiaries have jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of TDS and U.S. Cellular under the revolving credit agreements.  As of   September 30  , 2016  , there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities, except for letters of credit, and TDS and U.S. Cellular s unused capacity under their revolving credit facilities was $  399   million and $  284   million, respectively.  The continued availability of the new revolving credit facilities requires TDS and U.S. Cellular to comply with certain negative and affirmative covenants, maintain certain financial ratios and provide repres  entations on certain matters at the time of each borrowing.  See Note   8           Debt   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional   information.  
              In June 2016, U.S. Cellular al  so amended and restated its senior term loan credit facility.  Certain modifications were made to the financial covenants and subsidiary guarantees were added in order to align with the new revolving credit agreements.  There were no significant changes to   the maturity date or other key terms of the agreement.  
              TDS and U.S. Cellular believe they were in compliance with all of the financial covenants and requirements set forth in their revolving credit facilities   and the senior term loan credit facility   as of     September 30, 2016  .  
              TDS and U.S. Cellular have in place effective shelf registration statements on Form S-3 to issue senior or subordinated debt securities.  
              The proceeds from any of the aforementioned financing   facilities are available for general corporate purposes, including spectrum purchases and capital expenditures.  
              The long-term debt payments due for the remainder of   2016   and the next four years represent less than   3%   of TDS  total long-term debt obligation measured as of   September 30, 2016  .    

25  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Capital Expenditures  
              Capital expenditures (i.e., additions to property, plant and equipment and system development expenditures), which   in  clude accruals   and capitalized interest  , in   2016   and   2015     were as follows:  

U.S. Cellular s capital expenditures for   2016   are expected to be   approximately $500 million.  These expenditures are expected to be for the following general purposes:  
                         
                              Expand and enhance network coverage, inc  luding construction of a new regional c  onnectivity center and provide   additional capacity to accommodate increased network usage, principally data usage, by current customers;  
                              Deploy VoLTE technology;  
                              Expand and enhance the retail store network; and  

Develo  p and enhance business systems.  
                         
                          TDS Telecom s capital expenditures for   2016   are expected to be $180 million.  These expenditures are expected to be for the following general   purposes:  
                         
                              Maintain and enhance existing infrastructure a  t Wireline, Cable and HMS;  
                              Complete currently planned fiber expansion in existing Wireline markets and upgrades in Cable markets to support video and super high-speed data; and  
                              Success-based spending to sustain managedIP, IPTV, Cable and HMS growth.  

TDS plans to finance its capital expenditures program for   2016   using primarily Cash flows from operating activities and, as necessary, existing cash balances and borrowings under its revolving credit agreements and/or other long-t  erm debt.  
              Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges  
              TDS may be engaged from time-to-time in negotiations relating to the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, properties, wireless spectrum and other possible businesses.  In general, TDS may not   disclose such transactions until there is a definitive agreement.    TDS assesses its business interests on an ongoing basis with a goal of improving the competitiveness of its operations and maximizing its long-term return on capital.  As part of this stra  tegy, TDS reviews attractive opportunities to acquire additional wireless operating markets   and wireless spectrum; and telecommunications, cable, HMS or other possible businesses.  TDS   also   may seek to divest outright or include in exchanges for other inte  rests those   interests that are not strategic to its long-term success.    
              On July 15, 2016, the FCC announced U.S. Cellular as a qualified bidder in the FCC s forward     auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 1002, which then commenced on   August 16, 2016.  In recent FCC auctions, U.S. Cellular has not been a bidder, but has participated as a limited partner in  designated entities  that qualified for a 25% bidding credit on licenses won in the auction.  U.S. Cellular will not participate t  hrough a designated   entity in Auction 1002.      See    Regulatory Matters   FCC Auction 1002.       Prior to becoming a qualified bidder, U.S. Cellular was required to make an upfront payment, the size of which established its initial bidding eligibility  .        Accordin  gly, i  n   the second quarter of   2016, U.S. Cellular made an upfront payment to the FCC of $  143   million.      If U.S. Cellular   becomes     a   winning bidder in the auction, it   could   be required to make additional payments to the FCC that   cou  ld   be substantial.      In such event, U.S. Cellular   could   finance such payments from its existing cash balances, borrowings under its revolving credit agreement and/or additional long-term debt.      Further, if U.S. Cellular is not the winning bidder   for   any lic  enses, or   is   the winning bidder   for   licenses with an aggregate bid price that is less than the upfront payment, all or a portion of the upfront payment will be refunded to U.S. Cellular.    

26  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

In 2015 and 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into multiple spectrum licens  e purchase agreements.  The aggregate purchase price for these spectrum licenses is $  56   million, of which $  46   million closed in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  In 2016, U.S. Cellular also entered into multiple agreements with third parties to transfer FCC licenses in non-operating markets and receive FCC licenses in operating markets.  The agreements provide   for the transfer of certain AWS and PCS spectrum licenses and approximately $  29   million, net, in cash to U.S. Cellular, in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certain AWS, PCS and 700 MHz spectrum licenses to the third partie  s.    Through September 30, 2016, certain of the exchange transactions have closed and U.S. Cellular has received $  15   million of cash in conjunction with such closed transactions  .  The remaining license purchase and exchange transa  ctions are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  See Note   5         Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional informa  tion related to these transactions.  
              Variable Interest Entities  
              TDS consolidates certain entities as  variable interest entities  under GAAP.  See Note   9       Variable Interest En  tities   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these variable interest entities.  TDS may elect to make capital contributions and/or advances to variable interest entities in order to fund their operations  .  
              Common Share Repurchase Programs  
              TDS and U.S. Cellular have repurchased and expect to continue to repurchase their Common Shares, in each case subject to any available repurchase program.  Share repurchases made under these programs in   2016   and   2015   were as follows:  

For additional information related to the current TDS repurchase authorization, see   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
              On November 17, 2009, the Board of Directors of U.S. Cellular authorized the repurchase of up to 1,300,000 Common Shares on an annual basis beginning in 2009 and continuing each year thereafter,   on a cumulative basis.    As of   September 30, 2016  , the cumulative maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under this program is   6,008,437   U.S. Cellular Common Shares.      These purch  ases will be made pursuant to open market purchases, block purchases, private purchases or otherwise, depending on market conditions.      This authorization     does not have an expiration date.  
              Contractual and Other Obligations  
              There were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   to the Contractual and Other Obligations disclosed i  n Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
              Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
              TDS had no transactions,   agreements or other contractual arrangements with unconsolidated entities involving  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined by SEC rules, that had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on its financial condition, changes   in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

27  

Table of Conten  ts                                                                                                                                  

Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis  
              TDS operates a capital- and marketing-intensive business.    TDS makes substantial investments to acquire wireless licenses and pr  operties and to construct and upgrade communications networks and facilities as a basis for creating long-term value for shareholders.      In recent years, rapid changes in technology and new opportunities have required substantial     investments in potentially   revenue     enhancing and cost-reducing upgrades to TDS  networks.    TDS utilizes cash on hand, cash from operating activities, cash proceeds from divestitures and dispositions of investments, short-term credit facilities and long-term debt financing to fund it  s acquisitions (including licenses), construction costs, operating expenses and share repurchases.  Cash flows may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year due to seasonality, the timing of acquisitions and divestitures, capital expenditures and   other factors.  The following discussion summarizes TDS  cash flow activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
              2016   Commentary  
              TDS  Cash and cash equivalents remained flat in since   December 31, 2015  .  Net cash provided by operating activities was $  638   million in 2016 due primarily to net income of $  58   million plus non-cash items of $  641   million and distributions received from unconsolidated entities of $  55   million, including a $10 m  illion distribution from the LA Partnership.  This was partially offset by changes in working capital items which decreased cash by $  116   million.  The decrease in working capital items was due primarily to a $  160   million increase in equipment installment plan receivables, which are expected to continue to increase and further require the use of working capital in the near term.      This was partially offset by a federal tax refund of $63 million related to   an overpayment of the 2015 tax liability, which resulted from the enactment of federal bonus depreciation in December 2015.  
              The net cash provided by operating activities was offset by Cash flows used for investing activities of $  594   m  illion.  Cash paid in 2016 for additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $  426   million.  In June 2016, U.S. Cellular made a deposit of $  143   million to the FCC for its participation in Auction 1002.  Cash   paid for acquisitions and licenses in 2016 was $  46   million partially offset by Cash received from divestitures and exchanges of $  20   million.  See Note   5       Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these transactions.  
              Cash flows   used for   financing activities were $  44   million, reflecting ordinary activity such as the payment of dividends and the scheduled repayments of debt.  
              2015   Commentary  
              TDS  Cash and cash equivalents increased $  393   million   in 2015.  Net cash provided by   operating activ  ities was   $  727   million in   2015   due to net income of $  265   million plus non-cash items of $  3  29   million, distributions received of $  45   million and positive changes in working capital items of $  88   million.  The LA Partnership did not make a distribution in 2015.   
              Cash flows   used for   investing activities were $  514   million in   2015  .  Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $  558   million in 2015  .  During 2015, a $278 million payment was made by Advantage Spectrum L.P.   (see Note 9   Variable Interest Entities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements)   to the FCC for licenses for which it was the provisional winning bidder   i  n Auction 97.  Cash received from divestitures and exchanges in 2015 included $  145   million related to licenses and $  142   million related to the sale of 359 towers and certain related contracts, assets an  d liabilities.    
              Cash flows   from   financing activities were $  180   million due primarily to U.S. Cellular borrowing $  225   million on its senior term loan cr  edit facility in July 2015.  
              Other Information  
              In October 2016, U.S. Cellular was informed by the general partner of the LA Partnership that U.S. Cellular will receive a distribution of $19 million in November 2016.  

28  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis  
              The following discussion   addresses certain captions in the consolidated balance sheet and changes therein.  This discussion is intended to highlight the significant changes and is not intended to fully reconcile the changes.  Changes in financial condition during   2016   are as follows:  
              Income taxes receivable  
              Income taxes receivable   decreased $  64   million due primarily to the receipt of a federal income tax refund of $  63   million in March   2016  .  
              Assets held for sale  
              Assets held for sale increased   $  16   million due to reclassification of Licenses to this account as a result of exchanges w  ith third parties.  The license exchange agreements are expected to close in the fourth quarter of   2016  .  See Note   5           Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exc  hanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
              Other assets and deferred charges  
              Other assets and deferred charges increased   $  195   million due primarily to an upfr  ont payment of $  143   million to the FCC to establish U.S. Cellular s initial bidding eligibility for its participation in Auction 1002 and a $  75   million increase in the long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, net, due to the offering of longer term equipment installment plan contracts and the increased adoption of such contracts. See Note   3         Equipment Installment Plans   and   Note   5         Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     for additional information related to these balances.  
              Other current liabilities   
              Other current liabilities decreased $  42   million due primarily to a decline in the amounts due to U.S. Cellular agents   driven by lower sales volume and mix shift to lower cost   devices.    

29  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
              TDS     sometimes uses     information derived from consolidated financial information but not presented in     its     financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S.     GAAP to evaluate the per  formance of     its     business.      Certain of these measures are considered  non-GAAP financial measures  under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Rules.      Specifically,     TDS     has     referred to the following measures in this Form 10-Q Report:  
             
                  EBITDA  
                  Adjusted EBITD  A  
                  Operating cash flow  
                  Free cash flow  
                  Adjusted free cash flow  
                  Postpaid ABPU  

Postpaid ABPA  
             
              Following are explanations of each of these measures.  
              Adjusted EBITDA and Operating Cash Flow  
              Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortizat  ion and accretion) is defined as net income adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation below.      Operating cash flow is defined as net income adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation below.      Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow a  re not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to Net income or Cash flows from operating activities, as indicators of cash flows or as measures of liquidity.  TDS does not intend to imply that any such ite  ms set forth in the reconciliation below are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual; such items may occur in the future.  
              Adjusted EBITDA is a segment measure reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating res  ources to the segments and assessing their performance.  See Note   11       Business Segment Information   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
              Management use  s Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow as measurements of profitability, and therefore reconciliations to applicable GAAP income measures are deemed appropriate.  Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow are useful measures of TDS  op  erating results before significant recurring non-cash charges, gains and losses, and other items as presented below as they provide additional relevant and useful information to investors and other users of TDS  financial data in evaluating the effectivene  ss of its operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance.  Adjusted EBITDA shows adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, and gains an  d losses, while Operating cash flow reduces this measure further to exclude Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities and Interest and dividend income in order to more effectively show the performance of operating activities excluding investment activi  ties.  The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA and Operating cash flow to the corresponding GAAP measure, Net income or Income (loss) before income   taxes.    Income tax expense is not provided at the individual segment level for Wireline, Cable and HM  S.  TDS calculates income tax expense for TDS Telecom in total.    

30  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

31  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

32  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

33  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
              The following table presents     Free cash flow and     Adjusted free cash flow.      Management uses   Free cash flow as a liquidity measure and it is defined as     Cash flows from operating activities     less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.        Adjusted free cash flow is defined as Cash flows from   operating activities (which includes cash outflows related to the Sprint decommissioning), as adjusted for cash proceeds from the Sprint Cost Reimbursement (which are included in Cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash F  lows), less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.        Free cash flow and     Adjusted free cash flow     are non-GAAP financial measures     which TDS believes may be useful to investors and other users of its financial information in evaluating liqui  dity, specifically, the amount of cash generated by business operations (including cash proceeds from the Sprint Cost Reimbursement), after Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment.  

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

2016  

2015  

(Dollars   in millions)  

Cash flows from operating activities (GAAP)  

$  

638     

$  

727     

Less: Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment  

426     

558     

Free cash flow (Non-GAAP)  

$  

212     

$  

169     

Add: Sprint Cost Reimbursement  1  

5     

28     

Adjusted free cash   flow (Non-GAAP)  

$  

217     

$  

197     

1  

On May 16, 2013, pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement, U.S. Cellular sold customers and certain PCS spectrum licenses to subsidiaries of Sprint Corp. fka Sprint Nextel Corporation ( Sprint ) in U.S. Cellular s   Chicago, central Illinois, St. Louis and certain Indiana/Michigan/Ohio markets in consideration for $480 million in cash.  The Purchase and Sale Agreement also contemplated certain other agreements.  These agreements require Sprint to reimburse U.S. Cellul  ar up to $200 million (the  Sprint Cost Reimbursement ) for certain network decommissioning costs, network site lease rent and termination costs, network access termination costs, and employee termination benefits for specified engineering employees.  

34  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Postpaid   ABPU and   Postpaid   ABPA  
              U.S. Cellular presents Postpaid ABPU and Postpaid ABPA to reflect the revenue shift from Service revenues to Equipment and product sales resulting from the increased adoption of equipment installment plans.  Postpaid ABPU an  d Postpaid ABPA, as previously defined, are non-GAAP financial measures which U.S. Cellular believes are useful to investors and other users of its financial information in showing trends in both service and equipment and product sales revenues received fr  om customers.    

Application of Critical Accounting   P  olicies and Estimates    
              TDS prepares   its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP.      TDS  significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial   Statements and TDS  Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates is discussed in detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are included in TDS  Form     10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There were no material changes to TDS  application of critical accounting policies and estimates during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  
                   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
              See Note   1       Basis of Presentation   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements.  

35  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Regulatory Matters  
                The discussion below includes updates related to recent regulatory developments.      These updates should be read in conjunction with the disclosures previously provided under  Regulatory Matters  in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
              FCC Auction 1002  
              On July 15, 2016, the FCC announced   U.S. Cellular   as a qualified bidder   in the FCC s forward auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 1002. The first stage of forward auction bidding began on August 16, 2016 and ended on August 30, 2016 when the forward auction failed to reach the reserve price established   by the FCC based on the first stage reverse auction.  The second stage of the reverse auction began on September 13, 2016 and   was   followed by a second stage forward auction   which began and ended on October 19, 2016.  As   necessary, the FCC will run additio  nal reverse and forward auctions that will result in progressively lower prices in each reverse auction and less available spectrum for wireless carriers in each forward auction, until the prices in the reverse and forward auctions clear.  Following a fina  l and successful stage of the forward auction, the FCC will conduct an Assignment Phase Auction to assign specific frequencies to winners of licenses.  It is expected that this process will continue into 2017.  As a result of   U.S. Cellular s     application to   participate in Auction 1002  , since February 10, 2016, TDS has been subject to FCC anti-collusion rules that place certain restrictions on public disclosures and business communications with other companies relating to U.S. Cellular s participation.  These   restrictions will continue until the down payment deadline for Auction 1002, which will be ten business days after release of the FCC s Channel Reassignment Public Notice, fo  llowing the end of the auction.    These anti-collusion rules, which could last   a y  ear   or more from     February 10, 2016, may restrict the conduct of certain TDS activities with other auction applicants as well as with nationwide providers of wireless services which are not applicants.        The restrictions could have an adverse effect on TDS    business, financial condition or results of operations.   
              FCC Connect America Fund (CAF)  
              On March 30, 2016, the FCC released an order modifying the   existing USF program under which TDS receives approximately $50 million in annual support.  The modification   extend  s   the Connect America Fund (CAF) program to rate-of-return incumbent local exchange carriers for the purpose of extending broadband services, including stand  alone broadband, in underserved and unserved   rural areas.      The FCC is providing rate-of-retur  n carriers with two paths to receive funds from the CAF.      The first path includes a voluntary model-based approach and includes support for a ten-year period in exchange for meeting defined build-out obligations, referred to as the Alternative Connect Amer  ica Cost Model ( A-CAM ).      This election must be done at the state level.      The second path is based on existing rate-of-return mechanisms, but with substantial modifications.      This path also includes defined build-out obligations. In August 2016, TDS Telec  om obtained an offer   ( the Offer )   from the FCC of the amount of support that would be received if it elec  ted the A-CAM path.      Under     the O  ffer   and replacing its current level of funding  , TDS Telecom would receive $82 million of support revenue annually for   t  en years.  Unlike the current program, this   support comes with an obligation to build defined broadband speeds to rea  ch approximately 159,600 homes and will require   capital expenditures over the ten-year period that may be significant.  
              TDS Telecom notifi  ed the FCC of its decision to elect A-CAM support and the associated obli  gations for all of its states.    On November 2, 2016, the FCC released a notice stating that 216 rate-of-return carr  iers elected the A-CAM model.    Based upon carrier elections, the FCC   s stated support funding level would not be sufficient to meet the demand.  The FCC has requested that parties file recommendations on measures that should be considered to address the support funding shortfall.  Comments are due to the   FCC by November 14  , 2016.    If the FCC issues revised offers to those carriers initially electing A-CAM, the carriers will then need to make another decisio  n based on the updated offers.    TDS Telecom cannot predict the likelihood of a second offer from the FCC or   the details   of such an offer.    There is no assurance that the final A-CAM option will provide TDS Telecom with the level of support it received under previous federal support mechanisms.    
              FCC Net Neutrality Order  
              TDS previously disclosed that the FCC adopted rules relating to net neutrality   which reclassified broadband internet access service under Title II, and that lawsuits had been filed challenging such rules and reclassification.  In June 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit uphe  ld the FCC s rules and recl  assification  .  A request for a rehearing of this decision was filed in July 2016  ,   and   it is expected that this court decision   also   will be appealed and subject to further proceedings.    TDS cannot predict the outcome of any further proceedings or the impact   on its business.    

36  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of     1995  
               Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement   
                 
              This Form 10-Q, including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities   Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that TDS intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are f  orward-looking statements.  The words  believes,   anticipates,   estimates,   expects,   plans,   intends,   projects  and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them.    Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by su  ch forward-looking statements.  Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set forth below, as more fully described under  Risk Factors  in TDS      Form     10-K for the year ended     December 31, 2015  .    However, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document.  Oth  er unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements.      TDS undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future even  ts or otherwise.  You should carefully consider the Risk Factors in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended     December 31, 2015  , the following factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into,   this Form 10-Q to understand the material risks relating to TDS  business.  
             
                   Intense competition in the markets in which TDS operates could adversely affect TDS  revenues or increase its costs to compete.   
                  A failure by TDS to successfully execute its business   strategy (including planned acquisitions, spectrum acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges) or allocate resources or capital could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Uncertainty in TDS  future cash flow   and liquidity or in the ability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, other changes in TDS  performance or market conditions, changes in TDS  credit ratings or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms   and prices acceptable to TDS, which could require TDS to reduce its construction, development or acquisition programs, reduce the acquisition of spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases and/or the payment of dividends.  
                  TDS has a signifi  cant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial performance and in turn adversely affect its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, comply with terms of debt covenants and incur additional debt.  
                  Changes in roaming practices or   other factors could cause TDS  roaming revenues to decline from current levels, roaming expenses to increase from current levels and/or impact TDS  ability to service its customers in geographic areas where TDS does not have its own network, which could h  ave an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  A failure by TDS to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio spectrum coul  d have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  To the extent conducted by the FCC, TDS may participate in FCC auctions of additional spectrum in the future directly or indirectly and, during certain periods, will b  e subject to the FCC s anti-collusion rules, which could have an adverse effect on TDS.  
                  Changes in the regulatory environment or a failure by TDS to timely or fully comply with any applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect TDS  business, fi  nancial condition or results of operations.  
                  An inability to attract people of outstanding potential, to develop their potential through education and assignments, and to retain them by keeping them engaged, challenged and properly rewarded could have an ad  verse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  TDS  assets are concentrated primarily in the U.S. telecommunications industry. Consequently, its operating results may fluctuate based on factors related primarily to conditions   in this industry.  
                  TDS  smaller scale relative to larger competitors that may have much greater financial and other resources than TDS could cause TDS to be unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition or re  sults of operations.  
                  Changes in various business factors, including changes in demand, customer preferences and perceptions, price competition, churn from customer switching activity and other factors, could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financi  al condition or results of operations.    

37  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Advances or changes in technology could render certain technologies used by TDS obsolete, could put TDS at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce TDS  revenues or could increase its costs of doing business.  
                  Complexi  ties associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk and TDS  investments in unproven technologies may not produce the benefits that TDS expects.  
                  TDS receives regulatory support and is subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federa  l, state and local governments, and the applicability and the amount of the support and fees are subject to great uncertainty.  
                  Performance under device purchase agreements could have a material adverse impact on TDS  business, financial condition or result  s of operations.  
                  Changes in TDS  enterprise value, changes in the market supply or demand for wireless licenses, wireline or cable markets or IT service providers, adverse developments in the businesses or the industries in which TDS is involved and/or oth  er factors could require TDS to recognize impairments in the carrying value of its licenses, goodwill, franchise rights and/or physical assets.  
                  Costs, integration problems or other factors associated with acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges of properti  es or licenses and/or expansion of TDS  businesses could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  TDS offers customers the option to purchase certain devices under installment contracts which, compared to fixed  -term service contracts, includes risks that TDS may possibly incur greater churn, lower cash flows, increased costs and/or increased bad debts expense due to differences in contract terms, which could have an adverse impact on TDS  financial condition or   results of operations.  
                  A failure by TDS to complete significant network construction and systems implementation activities as part of its plans to improve the quality, coverage, capabilities and capacity of its networks and support systems could have an ad  verse effect on its operations.  
                  Difficulties involving third parties with which TDS does business, including changes in TDS  relationships with or financial or operational difficulties of key suppliers or independent agents and third party national retaile  rs who market TDS  services, could adversely affect TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  TDS has significant investments in entities that it does not control. Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on T  DS  financial condition or results of operations.  
                  A failure by TDS to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technology, or a material disruption thereof, could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition o  r results of operations.  
                  TDS has experienced and, in the future, expects to experience cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security of varying degrees on a regular basis, which could have an adverse effect on TDS  business,   financial condition or results of operations.  
                  The market price of TDS  Common Shares is subject to fluctuations due to a variety of factors.  
                  Changes in facts or circumstances, including new or additional information, could require TDS to record charges in   excess of amounts accrued in the financial statements, which could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Disruption in credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S. or global economic condition  s or other events could, among other things, impede TDS  access to or increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows, which would have an adverse effect on   TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Settlements, judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or legal costs resulting from pending and future litigation could have an adverse effect on TDS  business,   financial condition or results of operations.  
                  The possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from wireless devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health cons  equences, including cancer or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices such as pacemakers, could have an adverse effect on TDS  wireless business, financial condition or results of operations.  
                  Claims of infringement of intellectual   property and proprietary rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent TDS from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject TDS to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties,   which could have an adverse effect on TDS  business, financial condition or results of operations.    

38  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Certain matters, such as control by the TDS Voting Trust and provisions in the TDS Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make mo  re difficult a change in control of TDS.  
                  Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues, earnings, capital expenditures and/or any other financial or statistical information to vary from TDS  forward-looking estimates by a material amount.    
             
                   Risk Factors   
              In addition to the information se  t forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in TDS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which could material  ly affect TDS  business, financial condition or future results.      The risks described in this Form 10-Q and the Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , may not be the onl  y risks that could affect TDS.    Additional unidentified or unrecognized risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect TDS  business, financial condi  tion and/or operating results.    Subject to the foregoing, TDS has not identified for disclosure any material changes to the risk   factors as previously disclosed in TDS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
                 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
              MARKET RISK  
              Refer to the disclosure under Market Risk in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015     for additional information  , including information   regarding required principal payments and the weighted average   inte  rest rates related to TDS  L  ong-term debt.      There have been no material changes to   such information since   December 31, 2015  .    See Note   8       Debt   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for   additional information  .  
              See Note   2       Fair Value Measurements   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional info  rmation related to the fa  ir value of TDS  L  ong-term debt as of     September 30, 2016  .  

39  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                    

Financial Statements  
              Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
               Consolidated Statement of Operations   
              (Unaudited)  

40  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   
              (Unaudited)  

41  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   
              (Unaudited)  

Nine Months Ended  

September 30,  

2016  

2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Cash flows from operating activities  

Net income  

$  

58     

$  

265     

Add (deduct) adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows  

from operating activities  

Depreciation, amortization and accretion   

636     

628     

Bad debts expense  

72     

83     

Stock-based compensation expense  

29     

29     

Deferred   income taxes, net  

11     

(40)  

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities   

(109)  

(110)  

Distributions from unconsolidated entities  

55     

45     

(Gain) loss on asset disposals, net  

20     

15     

(Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit   costs, net  

(1)  

(130)  

(Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges, net  

(16)  

(147)  

Noncash interest expense  

2     

2     

Other operating activities  

(3)  

(1)  

Changes in assets and liabilities from operations  

Accounts receivable  

(9)  

(94)  

Equipment installment plans receivable  

(160)  

(96)  

Inventory  

3     

90     

Accounts payable  

47     

125     

Customer deposits and deferred revenues  

(41)  

(50)  

Accrued taxes  

77     

212     

Accrued interest  

7     

11     

Other assets and   liabilities  

(40)  

(110)  

Net cash provided by operating activities  

638     

727     

Cash fl  ows from investing activities  

Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment  

(426)  

(558)  

Cash paid for acquisitions and licenses  

(46)  

(287)  

Cash received from divestitures and exchanges  

20     

325     

Federal Communications   Commission deposit  

(143)  

Other investing activities  

1     

6     

Net cash used in investing activities  

(594)  

(514)  

Cash fl  ows from financing activities  

Issuance of long-term debt  

2     

225     

Repayment of long-term debt  

(9)  

(1)  

TDS Common Shares reissued for benefit plans, net of tax payments  

7     

11     

U.S. Cellular Common Shares reissued for benefit plans, net of   tax payments  

4     

(1)  

Repurchase of TDS Common Shares  

(3)  

Repurchase of U.S. Cellular Common Shares  

(2)  

(4)  

Dividends paid to TDS shareholders  

(49)  

(46)  

Payment of debt issuance costs  

(4)  

(3)  

Distributions to noncontrolling   interests  

(1)  

(6)  

Other financing activities  

11     

5     

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  

(44)  

180     

Net inc  rease (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  

393     

Cash and cash equivalents  

Beginning of period  

985     

472     

End of period  

$  

985     

$  

865     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial   statements.  

42  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and   Data Systems, Inc.  
                 Consolidated Balance Sheet        Assets  
                 (Unaudited)    

43  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
              Consolidated Balance Sheet   Liabilities and Equity  
                 (Unaudited)  

44  

Table of Contents   

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
               Consolidated Statement of Changes in   Equity   
              (Unaudited)  

45  

Table of Contents   

Telephone   and Data Systems, Inc.  
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
              (Unaudited)  

46  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
                 
               Note   1     Basis of Presentation   
              The accounting policies of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. ( TDS ) conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Boar  d ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ).  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of TDS and subsidiaries in which it has a controlling financial interest, including TDS    83%  -owned wireless telephone   subsidiary, United States Cellular Corporation ( U.S. Cellular ) and TDS  wholly-owned subsidiary, TDS Telecommunications Corporation ( TDS Telecom ).  In addition, the consolidated financial statements include certain entities in which TDS has a variable   interest that require consolidation under GAAP.  All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
              The unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by TDS pursuant to the rules     and regulations of th  e Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).      Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules     and regulations.  However, TDS believes that   the disclosures included herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.      Calculated amounts and percentages are based on the underlying actual numbers rather than the numbers rounded to millions as presented.  These unaudited consol  idated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in TDS  Annual Report on Form     10-K ( Form     10-K ) for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
              TDS  business segments reflected in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   are U.S. Cellular, Wireline, Cable, and Hosted and Managed Ser  vices ( HMS ) operations.  TDS  non-reportable other business activities are presented as  Corporate, Eliminations and Other , which includes the operations of TDS  wholly-owned subsidiary Suttle-Straus, Inc. ( Suttle-Straus ).  Suttle-Straus  financial re  sults were not significant to TDS  operations.  All of TDS  segments operate only in the United States, except for HMS, which includes an insignificant foreign operation.  See Note   11       Business Segment Information   for summary financial information on each business segment.  
              The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring items, unless otherwise disclosed) n  ecessary for the fair statement of TDS  financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , its results of operations and comprehensive income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and its cash flows and changes in equity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  These results   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  
               Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
              In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ) and has since   amended the standard with Accounting Standards Update 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date,   Accounting Standards Update 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Report  ing Revenue Gross versus Net),   Accounting Standards Update 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   and Accounting Standards Update 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Impro  vements and Practical Expedients.    These standards replace existing revenue recognition rules with a single comprehensive model to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 2014-09, as amended, on Ja  nuary 1, 2018.  Early adoption as of January 1, 2017 is permitted; however, TDS does not intend to adopt early.  ASU 2014-09, as amended, impacts TDS  revenue recognition related to the allocation of contract revenues between various services and equipment  , and the timing of when those revenues are recognized.  In addition, the new requirements require deferral of incremental contract acquisition and fulfillment costs and subsequent expense recognition over the contract period or expected customer life.  TD  S   expects to   transition to the new standard under   the modified retrospective transition method whereby   a cumulative effect adjustment is recognized upon adoption and the guidance is applied prospectively.  TDS is currently evaluating the guidance, developi  ng its implementation plan, and evaluating the effects ASU 2014-09, as amended, will have on its financial position and results of operations upon adoption.  
              In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties ab  out an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   ( ASU 2014-15 ).  ASU 2014-15 requires TDS to assess its ability to continue as a going concern each interim and annual reporting period and provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt ab  out the entity s ability to continue as a going concern, including management s plan to alleviate the substantial doubt.  TDS is required to adopt the provisions of ASU 2014-15 for the annual period ending December 31, 2016.  The adoption of ASU 2014-15 wi  ll not impact TDS  financial position or results of operations but may impact future disclosures.  
              In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11,   Inventory: Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ), which requires invento  ry to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 2015-11 on January 1, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on TDS  financial position or   results of operations.    

47  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU 2016-01 ).  This ASU introduces changes to current   accounting for equity investments and financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 2016-01 on January 1, 2018.  Certain provisions are eligible   for early adoption.  The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a significant impact on TDS  financial position or results of operations.  
              In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02,   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ).  ASU 2016-02 r  equires lessees to record a right-of-use asset and lease liability for almost all leases.  This ASU does not substantially impact lessor accounting.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  Upon adoption of A  SU 2016-02, TDS expects a substantial increase to assets and liabilities on its balance sheet.  TDS is evaluating the full effects that adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial position and results of operations.  
              In March 2016, the FASB issued Ac  counting Standards Update 2016-04,   Liabilities   Extinguishments of Liabilities: Recognition of Breakage from Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products   ( ASU 2016-04 ).      ASU 2016-04 requires companies that sell prepaid stored-value products redeemable for good  s, services or cash at third-party merchants to recognize breakage (i.e., the value that is ultimately not redeemed by the consumer) in a way that is consistent with how it will be recognized under the new revenue recognition standard.  TDS is required to   adopt ASU 2016-04 on January 1, 2018.      Early adoption is permitted.      The adoption of ASU 2016-04 is not expected to have a significant impact on TDS  financial position or results of operations.  
              In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 20  16-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ).  ASU 2016-09 intends to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification   of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement   of cash flows.  TDS will adopt   ASU 2016-09 on January 1, 2017.  The adoption of ASU 2016-09 is not expected to have a significant impact on TDS  financial position, results of o  perations, or cash flows.  
              In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ).  ASU 2016-13 requires entities to use a new forward-l  ooking, expected loss model to estimate credit losses.  It also requires additional disclosure relating to the credit quality of trade and other receivables, including information relating to management s estimate of credit allowances.  TDS is required to   adopt ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020.  Early adoption as of January 1, 2019 is permitted.  TDS is evaluating the effects that adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures.  
              In August 2016, the FASB issue  d Accounting Standards Update 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments     ( ASU 2016-15 ).  ASU 2016-15   provides guidance on eight targeted cash flow classification issues.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 2016-  15 on January 1, 2018.  TDS is evaluating the effects that adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on its statement of cash flows  .  
              In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-16,   Income Taxes: Intra-Entity   Transfers of Assets Other Than Inv  entory   ( ASU 2016-16 ).  ASU 2016-16 impacts the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs between entities in different tax jurisdictions.  TDS is required to adopt ASU 201  6-16 on January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.    The adoption of ASU 2016-16   is not expected to have a significant impact on TDS  financial position or results of operations  .    
              In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Upd  ate 2016-17  ,   Co  nsolidation: Interests   Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control   ( ASU 2016-17   ).  ASU 2016-1  7 provides guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE should treat indirect interests in an entity held through   related parties that are under common control.    TDS   is required to adopt ASU 2016-17 on January 1, 2017  .  Early adoption is permitted.    TDS is evaluating the effe  cts that adoption of ASU 2016-17   will have on its financial position, result  s of operations a  nd disclosures  .  
              Amounts Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities  
              TDS records amounts collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities net within a tax liability account if the tax is assessed upon the customer and   TDS merely acts as an agent in collecting the tax on behalf of the imposing governmental   authority.    If the tax is assessed upon TDS, then amounts collected from customers as recovery of the tax are recorded in Service revenues and amounts remitted to gove  rnmental authorities are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  The amounts recorded gross in revenues that are billed to customers and remitted to governmental authorities totaled $  21   million and $  65   million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $  24   million and $  75   million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  

48  

Table of Cont  ents                                                                                                                                  

Note   2     Fair   Value Measurements     
              As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , TDS did not have any financial or nonfinancial assets or liabilities that were required to be   recorded at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP.  
              The provisions of GAAP establish a fair value hierarchy that contains three levels for inputs used in fair value measurements.  Level 1 inputs include quoted market prices fo  r identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  Level 2 inputs include quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets.  Level 3 inputs are uno  bservable.  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is not representative of   its expected performance or its overall risk profile and, therefore, Level 3 assets are not necessarily higher risk than Level 2 or Level 1 assets.   
               TDS has applied the provisions of fair value accounting for purposes of computing the fair value of financ  ial instruments for disclosure purposes as displayed below.   

The fair value of Cash and cash equivalents approximates the book value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.  Long-term debt excludes capital lease obligations and the current portion of Long-term deb  t.  The fair value of  Retail  Long-term debt was estimated using market prices for TDS  7.0% Senior Notes, 6.875% Senior Notes, 6.625% Senior Notes and 5.875% Senior Notes, and U.S. Cellular s 6.95% Senior Notes, 7.25% Senior Notes due 2063 and 7.25% Seni  or Notes due 2064.  TDS   Institutional  debt consists of U.S. Cellular s 6.7% Senior Notes which are traded over the counter.  TDS   Other  debt consists of a senior term loan credit facility and other borrowings with financial institutions.  TDS estimate  d the fair value of its Institutional and Other debt through a discounted cash flow analysis using the interest rates or estimated yield to maturity for each borrowing, which ranged from   0.00%   to   6.50%   and   0.00%   to   7.51%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

49  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   3     Equipment Installment Plans  
              TDS sells devices to customers, through its owned and agent distribution channels, under equipment installment contracts over a specified time period.  For certain equipment installment plans ( EIP ), after a speci  fied period of time or amount of payments, the customer may have the right to upgrade to a new device and have the remaining unpaid equipment installment contract balance waived, subject to certain conditions, including trading in the original device in go  od working condition and signing a new equipment installment contract.  TDS values this trade-in right as a guarantee liability.  The guarantee liability is initially measured at fair value and is determined based on assumptions including the probability a  nd timing of the customer upgrading to a new device and the fair value of the device being traded-in at the time of trade-in.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the guarantee liability related to these plans was $  44   million and $  93   million, respectively, and is reflected in Customer deposits and deferred revenues in the Consolidate  d Balance Sheet.    
              TDS equipment installment plans do not provide for explicit interest charges.  For equipment installment plans with a duration of greater than twelve months, TDS imputes interest.  TDS records imputed interest as a reduction to the relat  ed accounts receivable and it is recognized over the term of the installment agreement.  Equipment installment plan receivables had a weighted average effective imputed interest rate of   10.7%   and   9.7%   as   of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
               The following table summarizes unbilled equipment installment plan receivables as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Such amounts are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as Accounts receivable   customers and agents and Other assets and deferred ch  arges, where applicable.   

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Short-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, gross  

$  

339     

$  

279     

Short-term portion of unbilled deferred interest  

(33)  

(21)  

Short-term portion of unbilled allowance for credit losses  

(22)  

(14)  

Short-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, net  

$  

284     

$  

244     

Long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, gross  

$  

165     

$  

76     

Long-term portion of unbilled deferred interest  

(9)  

(2)  

Long-term portion of unbilled allowance for credit losses  

(13)  

(6)  

Long-term portion of unbilled equipment installment plan receivables, net     

$  

143     

$  

68     

TDS assesses the   collectability of the equipment installment plan receivables based on historical payment experience, account aging and other qualitative factors and provides an allowance for estimated losses.  The credit profiles of TDS customers on equipment installment   plans are similar to those of TDS customers with traditional subsidized plans.  Customers with a higher risk credit profile are required to make a down payment for equipment purchased through an installment contract  .  
               TDS recorded out-of-period adjustments   during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to errors relat  ed   to equipment installment plan transactions occurring in 2015 and 2016 ( 2016 EIP adjustments ).  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the 2016 EIP adjustments had the   impact of increasing Equipment and product sales revenues by $4 million, decreasing bad debts expense, which is a component of Selling, general and administrative expense, by $2 million and increasing Income before income taxes by $6 million.  For the nin  e months ended September 30, 2016, the 2016 EIP adjustments had the impact of increasing Equipment and product sales revenues by $2 million, decreasing bad debts expense by $2 million and increasing Income before   income   taxes by $4 million.       Additionally,   TDS recorded out-of-period adjustments during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to errors related to equipment installment plan transactions ( 2015 EIP adjustments ) that were attributable to 2014.  The 2015 EIP adjustments had the impact of red  ucing Equipment and product sales revenues and Income before income taxes by $6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The 2015 EIP adjustments were made in the first six months of 2015.  TDS has determined that these adjustments were not m  aterial to any of the periods impacted.    

50  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   4     Earnings Per Share  
              Basic earnings per share available to TDS common shareholders is computed by dividing Net income available to TDS common   shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share available to TDS common shareholders is computed by dividing Net income available to TDS common shareholders by the weighted average num  ber of common shares outstanding during the period adjusted to include the effects of potentially dilutive securities.  Potentially dilutive securities primarily include incremental shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and the ves  ting of restricted stock units.  
               The amounts used in computing earnings per common share and the effects of potentially dilutive securities on the weighted average number of common shares were as follows:   

Certain Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units or conversi  on of preferred shares were not included in average diluted shares   outstanding for the calculation of Diluted earnings per share available to TDS common shareholders because their effects were antidilutive.    The number of such Common Shares excluded   was   4   million shares for both the   three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  ,   and   5   million shares for both the   three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  

51  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   5     Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges  
              In February 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an agreement with a third party to exchange certain 700 MHz licenses for certain AWS and PCS licenses and $  28   million of cash.  T  his license exchange will be accomplished in two closings.  The first closing occurred in the second quarter of 2016, at which time U.S. Cellular received $  13   million of cash and recorded a gain of $  9   m  illion.  The second closing is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016 and U.S. Cellular expects to recognize a gain at that time.  As a result of this exchange, the remaining licenses with a carrying value of $  8   million   have been classified as  Assets held for sale  in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .  
              In February 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an additional agreement with a third party   that provided for the transfer of certain AWS spectrum licenses and $  2   million in cash to U.S. Cellular, in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certain AWS, PCS and 700 MHz licenses with a carrying value of $  7   million to the third party.  This transaction closed in the third quarter of 2016, at which time U.S. Cellular recorded a gain of $  7   million.  
              In   March   2016, U.S. Cellular entered into an additional agreement with a t  hird party to transfer FCC licenses in non-operating markets and receive FCC licenses in operating markets.  The agreement provides for the transfer of certain   AWS and   PCS spectrum licenses to U.S. Cellular in exchange for U.S. Cellular transferring certai  n PCS spectrum licenses and $  1   million of cash to the third party.  This transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Upon closing   of this transaction, U.S. Cellular expects to recognize a gain.  As a result of this additional exchange agreement, licenses with a carrying value of $  8   million have been classified as  Assets held for sale  in the Consolidated B  alance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .   
              In 2015 and 2016, U.S. Cellular entered into multiple agreements to purchase spectrum licenses located in U.S. Cellular s existing operating markets.  The aggregate purchase   price for these spectrum licenses is $  56   million, of which $  46   million closed in the second quarter of 2016.  The remaining agreements are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
              U.S. Cellular is participating in the FCC s   forward auction of 600 MHz spectrum licenses, referred to as Auction 1002, which commenced in August 2016.  In the second quarter of 2016, U.S. Cellular made an upfront payment to the FCC of $  143   million to establish its initial   bidding eligibility.  
                 Note   6     Intangible Assets   
               Changes in Licenses at TDS for the   nine months ended     Septemb  er 30, 2016   are presented below.  There were no significant changes to Franchise rights, Goodwill or Other intangible assets during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .   

Licenses  

(Dollars in millions)  

Balance December 31, 2015   

$  

1,844     

Acquisitions  

46     

Transferred to Assets held for sale  

(16)  

Exchanges - Licenses received  

12     

Exchanges - Licenses surrendered  

(10)  

Balance September 30, 2016  

$  

1,876     

1  

Amounts include payments totaling $338 million made by Advantage Spectrum L.P. to the FCC for licenses in which it was the provisional winning bidder in Auction 97.  These licenses were granted by the FCC in July 2016.  See Note 9   Variable   Interest Entities for additional information.  

52  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   7     Investments in Unconsolidated Entities   
              Investments in unconsolidated entities consist of amounts invested in wireless and wireline entities in which TDS holds a   noncontrolling interest.  These investments are accounted for using either the equity or cost method.   
               The following table, which is based in part on information provided by third parties, summarizes the combined results of operations of TDS  equity metho  d investments.   

53  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   8     Debt   
              Revolving Credit Fa  cilities  
              TDS and U.S. Cellular have revolving credit facilities available for general corporate purposes.  In June 2016, TDS entered into a new $400 million revolving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties and U.S. Cellular entered into a   new $300 million revolving credit agreement with certain lenders and other parties.  As a result of the new agreements, TDS  and U.S. Cellular s revolving credit agreements due to expire in December 2017 were terminated.  Amounts under both of the new revo  lving credit facilities may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time-to-time until maturity in June 2021.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities,   except for letters of credit.  Interest expense representing commitment fees on the unused portion of the revolving lines of credit was $  1   million and $  2   million for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.    
               The following table summarizes the terms of such revolving credit facilities as of   September 30, 2016  :   

TDS  

U.S. Cellular  

(Dollars in millions)  

Maximum borrowing capacity  

$  

400     

$  

300     

Letters of credit outstanding  

$  

1     

$  

16     

Amount borrowed  

$  

$  

Amount   available for use  

$  

399     

$  

284     

Illustrative borrowing rate: One-month London Interbank Offered  

Rate ( LIBOR ) plus contractual spread  1  

2.28     

%  

2.28     

%  

Illustrative LIBOR Rate  

0.53     

%  

0.53     

%  

Contractual spread  

1.75     

%  

1.75     

%  

Commitment   fees on amount available for use  2  

0.30     

%  

0.30     

%  

Agreement date  

June 2016  

June 2016  

Maturity date  

June 2021  

June 2021  

1  

Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest either at a LIBOR rate or at an alternative   Base Rate as defined in the revolving credit agreement, plus an applicable margin, at TDS  or U.S. Cellular s option.  TDS and U.S. Cellular may select a borrowing period of either one, two, three or six months (or other period of twelve months or less if   requested by TDS or U.S. Cellular and approved by the lenders).  

2  

The revolving credit facility has commitment fees based on the unsecured senior debt ratings assigned to TDS and U.S. Cellular by certain ratings agencies.  

The new revolving   credit agreements include the following financial covenants:  
             
                  Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio may not be less than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter.  
                  Consolidated Leverage Ratio may not be greater than the ratios indicated as of the end   of any fiscal quarter for each period specified below:  

Certain TDS and U.S. Cellular wholly-owned   subsidiaries have jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of TDS and U.S. Cellular under the revolving credit agreements pursuant to a guaranty dated June 15, 2016.  Other subsidiaries that meet certa  in criteria will be required to provide a similar guaranty in the future.     TDS and U.S. Cellular believe that they were in compliance with all of the financial and other covenants and requirements set forth in their revolving credit facilities as of   September 30, 2016  .   
              At   September 30, 2016  , TDS had recorded $  6   million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the revolving credit facilities whic  h is included in Other assets and deferred charges in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  Included in that amount was $  4   million related to the new revolving credit facilities.   
              Term Loan  
              In June 2016, U.S. Cellular   also amended and restated its senior term loan credit facility.  Certain modifications were made to the financial covenants and subsidiary guarantees were added in order to align with the new revolving credit agreements.  There were no significant changes   to the maturity date or other key terms of the agreement.    

54  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   9     Variable Interest Entities  
              In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendment  s to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ).  ASU 2015-02 changes consolidation accounting including revising certain criteria for identifying variable interest entities.  TDS adopted the provisions of this standard as of January 1, 2016.  As a result,   certain consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated entities that were not defined as variable interest entities under previous accounting guidance are defined as variable interest entities under the provisions of ASU 2015-02.  TDS  modified retrospectiv  e adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not change the group of entities which TDS is required to consolidate in its financial statements.  Accordingly, the adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not impact its financial position or results of operations.  
              Consolidated VIEs  
               TDS   consolidates variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in which it has a controlling financial interest     as defined by GAAP and is therefore deemed the primary beneficiary.  A controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) th  e power to direct the VIE activities that most significantly impact economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb the VIE losses and right to receive benefits that are significant to the VIE.  TDS reviews these criteria initially at the time it ent  ers into agreements and subsequently when events warranting reconsideration occur.      These VIEs     have risks similar to those described in the  Risk Factors  in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .    
              Th  e following VIEs were formed to participate in FCC auctions of wireless spectrum and to fund, establish, and provide wireless service with respect to any FCC licenses won in the auctions:  
             
                  Advantage Spectrum L.P. ( Advantage Spectrum ) and Frequency Advanta  ge L.P., the general partner of Advantage Spectrum;  
                  Aquinas Wireless L.P. ( Aquinas Wireless  and  
                  King Street Wireless L.P. ( King Street Wireless ) and King Street Wireless, Inc., the general partner of King Street Wireless.  

These particular VIEs are collectively referred to as designated entities.  Historically and as of   September 30, 2016  , TDS consolidated these VIEs.    
              The power to direct the activities that most significantly impac  t the economic performance of these VIEs is shared.  Specifically, the general partner of these VIEs has the exclusive right to manage, operate and control the limited partnerships and make all decisions to carry on the business of the partnerships.  The g  eneral partner of each partnership needs the consent of the limited partner, an indirect TDS subsidiary, to sell or lease certain licenses, to make certain large expenditures, admit other partners or liquidate the limited partnerships.  Although the power   to direct the activities of these VIEs is shared, TDS has the most significant level of exposure to the variability associated with the economic performance of the VIEs, indicating that TDS is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs.  Therefore, in accordance   with GAAP, these VIEs are consolidated.  
              In March 2015, King Street Wireless made a $  60   million distribution to its owners.      Of this distribution, $  6   million was provided to King Street Wireless, Inc. an  d $  54   million was provided to U.S. Cellular.        
              FCC Auction 97 ended in January 2015.  TDS participated in Auction 97 indirectly through its interest in Advantage Spectrum.  An indirect subsidiary of TDS is a limited partner in Ad  vantage Spectrum.  Advantage Spectrum applied as a designated entity, and received bid credits with respect to spectrum purchased in Auction 97.  Advantage Spectrum was the winning bidder for   124   licenses for an aggregate bid of   $  338   million,   after its designated   entity discount of   25  %.      This amount is classified as Licenses in TDS  Consolidated Balance Sheet.      Advantage Spectrum s bid amount, less the initial deposit of $  60   million paid in 2014, plus certain other charges totaling $  2   million, was paid to the FCC in March 2015.      These licenses were granted by the FCC in July 2016.   
              TDS also consolidates other VIEs that are li  mited partnerships that provide wireless service.  ASU 2015-02 modified the manner in which limited partnerships and similar legal entities are evaluated under the variable interest model.  A limited partnership is a variable interest entity unless the lim  ited partners hold substantive participating rights or kick-out rights over the general partners.  For certain limited partnerships, U.S. Cellular is the general partner and manages the operations.  In these partnerships, the limited partners do not have s  ubstantive kick-out or participating rights and, further, such limited partners do not have the authority to remove the general partner.  Therefore, beginning January 1, 2016, these limited partnerships are also recognized as VIEs and are consolidated unde  r the variable interest model.  Prior to the adoption of ASU 2015-02, these limited partnerships were consolidated under the voting interest model.      

55  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

The following table presents the classification and balances of the consolidated VIEs  assets and liabilit  ies in TDS  Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

Unconsolidated VIEs  
              TDS manages the operations of and holds a variable interest in certain other limited partnerships, but is not the primary beneficiary of these entities and, therefore, does not consolidate them   under the variable interest model outlined in ASU 2015-02.  
              TDS  total investment in these unconsolidated entities was $  6   million and $  5   million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and is included in Investments in unconsolidated entities in TDS  Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The maximum exposure from unconsolida  ted VIEs is limited to the investment held by TDS in those entities.    
              Other Related Matters  
              TDS made contributions, loans and/or advances to its VIEs totaling $  100   million and $  281   million during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  TDS may agree to make additi  onal capital contributions and/or advances to these or other VIEs and/or to their general partners to provide additional funding for operations or the development of licenses granted in various auctions.  TDS may finance such amounts with a combination of   cash on hand, borrowings under its revolving credit agreement and/or other long-term debt.  There is no assurance that TDS will be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all to provide such financial support.  
               During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015, TDS recorded out-of-period adjustments attributable to the third quarter of 2013 through the second quarter of 2015 related to an agreement with King Street Wireless.  TDS determined that these adjustments were not material to the quart  erly periods or the annual results for 2015.  These out-of-period adjustments had the impact  of reducing Net income by $  3   million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, and Net income attributable to TDS sh  areholders by $  4   million and $  3   million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     

56  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Note   10     Noncon  trolling Interests  
               The following schedule discloses the effects of Net income attributable to TDS shareholders and changes in TDS  ownership interest in U.S. Cellular on TDS  equity:   

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

2016  

2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Net income attributable to TDS shareholders  

$  

49     

$  

220     

Transfer (to) from the noncontrolling interests  

Change in TDS  Capital in excess of par value from U.S. Cellular s issuance of   
                             U.S. Cellular shares  

(15)  

(14)  

Change in TDS  Capital in excess of par value from U.S. Cellular s repurchases of   
                             U.S. Cellular shares  

1     

Purchase of ownership in subsidiaries from noncontrolling interests  

Net transfers (to) from noncontrolling interests  

(15)  

(13)  

Change from net income attributable to TDS and transfers (to) from   
                             noncontrolling interests  

$  

34     

$  

207     

57  

Table of Contents   

Note   11     Business Segment Information  
              U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom are billed for all services they receive from TDS, consisting primarily of information processing, accounting and finance, and general management services.  Such billings are based on expenses s  pecifically identified to U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom and on allocations of common expenses.  Management believes the method used to allocate common expenses is reasonable and that all expenses and costs applicable to U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom are re  flected in the accompanying business segment information on a basis that is representative of what they would have been if U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom operated on a stand-alone basis.  
               Financial data for TDS  reportable segments for the   three and nine   month periods ended, or as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is as follows.  See Note   1       Basis of Presentation   for additional information.   

58  

Table of Contents   

59  

Table of Contents   

60  

Table of Contents   

1  

Income tax   expense (benefit) is not provided at the individual segment level for Wireline, Cable and HMS.  TDS calculates income tax expense for  TDS Telecom Total .  

2  

Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion ( Adjusted EBITDA ) is a segment measure re  ported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance.  Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income, adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation abov  e.  TDS believes Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure of TDS  operating results before significant recurring non-cash charges, gains and losses, and other items as presented above as they provide additional relevant and useful information to investors and o  ther users of TDS  financial data in evaluating the effectiveness of its operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance.  

3  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, TDS recorded an out-of-period adjustment attributable to the third quarter of   2014 through the first quarter of 2016 related to the over-depreciation of certain assets in the Wireline segment.  TDS has determined that this adjustment was not material to the prior quarterly or annual periods and also was not material to the current   period or anticipated full year 2016 results.  As a result of this out-of-period adjustment, Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense decreased by $4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  This adjustment was made in the second quar  ter of 2016.  

61  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.  
              Additional Required Information  
                 
                Controls and Procedures  
              Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and   Procedures  
              TDS maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in it  s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the   SEC s   rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to TDS  management, including its   principal     e  xecutive   o  fficer and   principal f  inancial   o  fficer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and proce  dures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  
              As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), TDS carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of manage  ment, including its   principal     e  xecutive   o  fficer and   principal f  inancial   o  fficer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of TDS  disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report.      Based on this evalua  tion, TDS    principal     e  xecutive   o  fficer and   principal f  inancial   o  fficer concluded that TDS  disclosure controls and   procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  , at the reasonable assurance level.    
              Changes in   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
              There have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended     September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to ma  ter  ially affect, TDS    internal control over financial reporting.  
                     Legal Proceedings   
              Refer to the disclosure under Legal Proceedings in TDS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There have been no material changes to such information since   December 31, 2015  .  
                 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
              On August 2, 2013, the Board of Direc  tors of TDS authorized  , and TDS announced by Form 8-K,   a $250 million stock repurchase program for TDS Common Shares.  Depending on market conditions, such shares may be repurchased in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 10b5-  1 under the Exchange Act, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchase arrangements, prepaid share repurchases, private transactions or as otherwise authorized.  This authorization does not have an expiration date.    TDS did not determine to terminate the fo  regoing Common Share repurchase program, or cease making further purchases thereunder, during the   third   quarter of   2016  .  
              The following table provides certain information wi  th respect to all purchases made by or on behalf of TDS, and any open market purchases made by any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined by the SEC) of TDS, of TDS Common Shares during the quarter covered by this Form 10-Q.  

62  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Other Information  
              The   following information is being provided to update prior disclosures made pursuant to the requirements of Form 8-K, Item 2.03   Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.  
              A description   of TDS  revolving credit facility is included in TDS  Current Report on Form 8-K dated   June 15, 2016  , and is incorporated by reference herein.    
              A description of U.S. Cellular s revolving credit facility is included in U.S. Cellular s Current Report on For  m     8-K dated   June 15, 2016  , and is   incorporated by reference herein.   
              Neither TDS nor U.S. Cellular borrowed or repaid any   cash   amounts under their revolving credit facilities in the   third   quarter of   2016   or through the filing date of this Form 10-Q, and had no   cash   borrowings outstanding under their revolving credit facilities as of   September 30, 2016   or as of the filing date of this Form 10-Q.      

63  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Exhibits  

Exhibit   4.1  

Revolving Credit Agreement, among TDS, Wells Fargo National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of June 15, 2016, including Schedules and Exhibits, including the form of the subsidiary Guaranty, is hereby inco  rporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TDS  Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 15, 2016.  

Exhibit 4.2  

Revolving Credit Agreement, among U.S. Cellular, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as   of June 15, 2016, including Schedules and Exhibits, including the form of the subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to U.S. Cellular s Form 8-K dated June 15, 2016.  

Exhibit 4.3  

Amended and   Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement, among U.S. Cellular and CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of June 15, 2016, including Schedules and Exhibits, including the forms of the subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination   Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to U.S. Cellular s Form 8-K dated June 15, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.1  

Form of U.S. Cellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement for the President and Chief Executive   Officer of U.S. Cellular, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.2  

Form of U.S. Cellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement   for the President and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Cellular, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to U.S. Cellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.3  

Form of TDS Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option   Award Agreement for Officers, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to TDS  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.4  

Form of TDS Performance Share Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by   reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TDS  Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 16, 2016.  

Exhibit 10.5  

TDS 2016 Officer Bonus Program is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TDS  Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2016.  

Exhibit 11   

Statement regarding computation of per share earnings is included herein as Note 4   Earnings Per Share in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Exhibit 12  

Statement regarding computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges.  

Exhibit 31.1  

Principal executive officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Exhibit 31.2  

Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Exhibit 32.1   

Principal executive officer certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  

Exhibit 32.2  

Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the   United States Code.  

Exhibit 101.INS   

XBRL Instance Document  

Exhibit 101.SCH   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

Exhibit 101.PRE   

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.CAL   

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase   Document  

Exhibit 101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  

Exhibit 101.DEF   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

The foregoing exhibits include only the exhibits that relate specifically to this Form 10-Q or that supplement the exhibits identified in TDS  Form 10-K for   the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Reference is made to T  DS  Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a complete list of exhibits, which are incorporated herein except to the extent supplemented   or superseded     above.    

64  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

Form 10-Q Cross Reference Index  

Item   Number   

Page No.  

Part I.  

Financial Information  

Item 1.   

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

40      -    46   

Notes to Consolidated Financial   Statements   

47    -    61   

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

1    -    39   

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

39   

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures   

62   

Part II.     

Other Information  

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings   

62   

Item1A.   

Risk Factors   

39   

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

62   

Item 5.   

Other Information   

63   

Item 6.   

Exhibits   

64   

Signatures   

66   

65  

Table of Contents                                                                                                                                  

SIGNATURES  
                 
              Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS, INC.  

(Registrant)  

Date:   

November 4, 2016  

/s/ LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr.  

LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr.,  
                          President and Chief Executive Officer  
                          (principal executive officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Douglas D. Shuma  

Douglas D. Shuma,  
                          Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Accounting Officer  
                          (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Douglas W. Chambers  

Douglas W. Chambers,  
                          Vice President and Controller  

66  

<EX-12>
 2
 exhibit12.htm
 EX-12

Exhibit 12  
              TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS, INC.  
              RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHA  RGES  

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  
                 
              Certification of principal executive officer  

I, LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr., certify that:  
             
                  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.;  
                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue   statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
                  Based on my knowledg  e, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this repo  rt;  
                  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined   in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information rela  ting to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
                  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused   such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gener  ally accepted accounting principles;  
                  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the per  iod covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quar  ter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our   most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

all significant deficiencies and material w  eaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
                  any fraud, whether or not materia  l, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:        November 4, 2016  

/s/ LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr.  

LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr.  
                          President and Chief Executive Officer  
                          (principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  
                 
              Certification of   principal financial   officer  

I, Douglas D. Shuma, certify that:  
             
                  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.;  
                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue   statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
                  Based on my knowledg  e, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this repo  rt;  
                  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined   in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information rela  ting to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
                  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused   such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gener  ally accepted accounting principles;  
                  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the per  iod covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quar  ter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our   most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

all significant deficiencies and material w  eaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
                  any fraud, whether or not materia  l, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:        November 4, 2016  

/s/ Douglas D. Shuma  

Douglas D. Shuma  
                          Senior   Vice President - Finance and Chief Accounting Officer  
                          (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  
                 
              Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
              of Title 18 of the United States Code  

I, LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr., the principal executive officer of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the   third   quarter of   2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Te  lephone and Data Systems, Inc.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Telephone and Data   Systems, Inc. and will be retained by Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2  
                 
              Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
              of Title 18 of the United States Code  

I, Douglas D. Shuma, the principal financial officer of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the   third   quarter of   2016   f  ully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Telepho  ne and Data Systems, Inc.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. and   will be retained by Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 38
 tds-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 39
 tds-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 40
 tds-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 41
 tds-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 42
 tds-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 43
 tds-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

