<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1667944_0001667944-16-000011_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8797368</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82628</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>425880</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3042921</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3903038</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1190069</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001667944-16-000011.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110163655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001667944-16-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WCF Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001667944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37832
		FILM NUMBER:		161988587

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 FAIR MEADOW DRIVE
		CITY:			WEBSTER CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50595
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(515) 832-3071

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 FAIR MEADOW DRIVE
		CITY:			WEBSTER CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50595

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001667944-16-000011.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 wcffinancialbankq310-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
    
  Commission File No. 001-37382 
    
  WCF Bancorp, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Iowa 
      
    81-2510023 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

401 Fair Meadow Drive,  
  Webster City, Iowa 
      
    50595 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(515) 832-3071 
  (Registrant s telephone number) 
    
  N/A 
  (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days.   
  YES [   ]     NO [X] 
       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  YES [   ]     NO [X] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one) 
    
                   Large accelerated filer [   ] 
      
    Accelerated filer [   ] 
      Non-accelerated filer [   ] 
      
    Smaller reporting company [X] 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  YES [   ]     NO [X] 
    
  As of November 10, 2016, the Registrant had   2,563,224   shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding. 

WCF Bancorp, Inc.  
  Form 10-Q    
    
  Index 

Page 
      Part I - Financial Information 

Item 1 
      
    Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
      
    1 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
      
    2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
      
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
      
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
      
    5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
      
    6 

Item 2 
      
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
      
    26 

Item 3 
      
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
      
    30 

Item 4 
      
    Controls and Procedures 
      
    30 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1 
      
    Legal Proceedings 
      
    32 

Item 1A 
      
    Risk Factors 
      
    32 

Item 2 
      
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
      
    32 

Item 3 
      
    Defaults upon Senior Securities 
      
    32 

Item 4 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
      
    32 

Item 5 
      
    Other Information 
      
    33 

Item 6 
      
    Exhibits 
      
    33 

Signature Page 
      
    34 

Part I   Financial Information 

Item 1    Financial Statements 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  September 30, 2016   (Unaudited) and   December 31, 2015    

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (unaudited)   

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

WCF Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Form 10-Q 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   (unaudited) 

(1) 
    Basis of Presentation 
     The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of WCF Bancorp (the Company), and its wholly owned subsidiary WCF Financial Bank (the Bank), and Webster City Federal Service Corp, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with SEC rules and regulations. Accordingly, the statements do not include all the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that were included in the Company s annual report for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of   December 31, 2015  , has been derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of that date. All significant intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments necessary (i) for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the interim periods included herein and (ii) to make such financial statements not misleading have been made and are of a normal and recurring nature. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.  
  In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could differ from the estimates. For further information with respect to significant accounting policies followed by the Company in preparation of the financial statements, refer to the Company s annual report for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  As an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Title 1 of Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act, the Company has elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or reissued accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. As of September 30, 2016, there is no significant difference in the comparability of the financial statements as a result of this extended transition period. 
    
  The Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank and a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) system. The Bank maintains insurance on deposits accounts with the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ). 
  Organization and Business 
  WCF Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") is a Iowa-chartered corporation organized in 2016 to be the successor to Webster City Federal Bancorp, a federal corporation ("Old Bancorp") upon completion of the second-step conversion of WCF Financial M.H.C. from the mutual holding company to the stock holding company form of organization. WCF Financial M.H.C. (the "MHC") was the former mutual holding company for Old Bancorp prior to the completion  of the second-step conversion. In conjunction with the second-step conversion, each of the MHC and Old Bancorp ceased to exist. The second-step conversion was completed on July 16, 2016 at which time the Company sold   2,139,231   shares of its common stock (including   171,138   shares purchased by the Bank's employee stock ownership plan) at   $8.00   per share for gross proceeds of approximately   $17.1 million  . Expenses related to the stock offering totaled   $1.7 million   and were netted against proceeds. As a part of the second-step conversion, each of  
  
   6 

the outstanding shares of common stock of Old Bancorp held by persons other than the MHC were converted into   0.8115   shares of Company common stock with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. As a result, a total of   2,563,224   shares were issues in the second-step conversion. As a result of the second-step conversion, all share and per share information has subsequently been revised to reflect the   0.8115   exchange ratio unless otherwise noted.  
  The Company's principal business is the ownership and operation of the Bank. The Bank is a community bank and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The primary business of the Bank is accepting deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residences. To a lesser extent, we also originate consumer loans and non owner-occupied one- to four-family residential real estate loans. On a limited basis we have also originated commercial real estate loans, but have deemphasized the origination, and intend to continue to deemphasize the origination, of this type of lending. We also invest in investment securities. Our primary lending area is broader than our primary deposit market area and includes north central and northeastern Iowa. Our revenues are derived principally from interest on loans and securities, and from loan origination and servicing fees. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the  FHLB ). As a federal savings bank, WCF Financial Bank is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ). As a savings and loan holding company, the Company is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve Board ). 
  The primary business of WCF Financial Service Corp (the "Service Corp") was the sale of credit life and disability insurance products that were previously disallowed by savings and loan regulations. Currently the Service Corp is inactive. 
  Investment Securities 
  Investment securities are classified based on the Company s intended holding period. Securities that may be sold prior to maturity to meet liquidity needs, to respond to market changes, or to adjust the Company s asset-liability position are classified as available-for-sale. Currently, all securities are classified as available-for-sale. 
  Securities available-for-sale are carried at fair value, with the aggregate unrealized gains or losses, net of the effect of taxes on income, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Other-than-temporary impairment is recorded in net income. The Company s net income reflects the full impairment (that is, the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and fair value), if any, on debt securities that the Company intends to sell, or would more likely than not be required to sell, before the expected recovery of the amortized cost basis. For available-for-sale debt securities that management has no intent to sell, and believes that it will not more likely than not be required to sell prior to recovery, only the credit loss component of the impairment is recognized in net income, while the rest of the fair value loss is recognized in other comprehensive income. The credit loss component recognized in net income is identified as the amount of principal cash flows not expected to be received over the remaining term of the security as projected using the Company s cash flow projections using its base assumptions. 
  A decline in the fair value of any available for sale security below cost and that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in an impairment to reduce the carrying amount by fair value for the credit portion of the loss. The impairment is charged to net income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers whether it has the ability to hold and lack of intent to sell the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year-end, and the general market conditions. 
  
   7 

Net realized gains or losses are shown in the consolidated statements of income in the noninterest income line using the specific identification method. There were   $99,853   and   $16,893   of net realized gains for the three months ended   September 30, 2016    and   2015  , respectively, and   $115,100   and   $207,605   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Loans Receivable, Net 
  Loans receivable are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, reduced by the allowance for loan losses, deferred loan fees and discounts on loans purchased. Loans receivable are charged against the allowance when management believes collectability of principal is unlikely. 
  Interest on loans receivable is accrued and credited to operations based primarily on the principal amount outstanding. Certain loan balances include unearned discounts, which are recorded as income over the term of the loan. 
  Accrued interest receivable on loans receivable that become more than   90 days   in arrears is charged to an allowance that is established by a charge to interest income. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received until, in management s judgment, the borrower s ability to make periodic interest and principal payments is reasonably assured, in which case the loan is returned to accrual status. 
  Under the Company s credit policies, commercial loans are considered impaired when management believes it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest payments due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Loan impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan s effective interest rate except, where more practical, at the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is based on management s periodic evaluation of the loan portfolio and reflects an amount that, in management s opinion, is appropriate to absorb probable losses in the existing portfolio. In evaluating the portfolio, management takes into consideration numerous factors, including current economic conditions, prior loan loss experience, the composition of the loan portfolio, value of underlying collateral, and management s estimate of probable credit losses. 
  Taxes on Income  
  Deferred income taxes are provided under the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 
  The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than   50%   likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits are classified as other noninterest expense. 
  Regulatory Environment 
  The Company is subject to regulations of certain state and federal agencies, including periodic examinations by those regulatory agencies. The Company and the Bank are also subject to minimum regulatory capital requirements. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , capital levels exceeded minimum capital requirements. 
  
   8 

Investment in Affiliate 
  The Company records its investment in an affiliate, New Castle Players, LLC, in which it has a   27.17%   interest using the equity method of accounting. The affiliate holds an investment in a local hotel in Webster City, Iowa. The Company records the value of its investment at year end based on the affiliate s financial statements on a one-month lag. The investment in affiliate is analyzed annually. If impairment is determined to be other-than-temporary, the carrying amount is written down to fair value. The investment is included as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, while the equity income earned is included as a component of other noninterest income on the consolidated statements of income. Summary unaudited financial information of the affiliate as of and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is presented below. 

Earnings per Common Share  
  The calculation of earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   is presented below. 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
  The Company established the ESOP on July 13, 2016 in connection with its common stock offering. In conjunction with the second-step conversion described in Note 1, the ESOP purchased   171,138   shares at   $8.00   per share. To fund the purchase, the ESOP borrowed   $1.4 million   from the Company at a variable  
  
   9 

rate equal to the lowest  prime rate  published in The Wall Street Journal, to be repaid on a prorate basis in   25   substantially equal annual installments. The collateral for the loan is the common stock of the Company purchased by the ESOP. 
    
  The shares of stock purchased by the ESOP are held in a suspense account until they are released for allocation among participants. The shares will be released annually from the suspense account and the released shares will be allocated to the participants on the basis of each participant s compensation for the year of allocation. As shares are released from collateral, the Company recognizes compensation expense equal to the average market price of the shares during the period and the shares will be outstanding for earnings-per-share purposes. The shares not released are reported as unearned ESOP shares in the stockholders  equity section on the consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2016 there were   no   allocated shares and   171,138   unallocated shares.   The fair value of unallocated ESOP shares at September 30, 2016 was   $1,436,000  . 
    
  Subsequent Events 
  The Company has evaluated subsequent events through November 10, 2016, which is the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. There are no subsequent events requiring recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements as noted by the Company. 
    
  Current Accounting Developments 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 660):   Summary and Amendments that Create Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and Other Assets and Deferred Costs-Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 340-40).   The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the Codification. This update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   The update simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring the debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. This update was effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10):   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The update enhances the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information by updating certain aspects or recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other changes, the update includes requiring changes in fair value of equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be recognized in net income and clarifies that entities should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with entities other deferred tax assets. This update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  
   10 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The guidance in this update supersedes the requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases. The update will require business entities to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about leasing arrangements. A lessee would recognize a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the leased asset for the lease term. This update will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit   L  osses (Topic 326):   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   The ASU requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost should be presented at the net amount expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The allowance for credit losses should reflect management s current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of a financial asset. This is in contrast to existing guidance whereby credit losses generally are not recognized until they are incurred. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

(2) 
    Securities Available-for-Sale  
     Securities available-for-sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available-for-sale at   September 30, 2016   are shown below by contractual maturity. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The details of the sales of investment securities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are summarized in the following table. 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , accrued interest receivable for securities available-for-sale totaled   $212,584   and   $189,862  , respectively. 
  
   11 

The following tables show the Company s available-for-sale investments  gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The Company s assessment of other than temporary impairment is based on its reasonable judgment of the specific facts and circumstances impacting each individual security at the time such assessments are made. The Company reviews and considers factual information, including expected cash flows, the structure of the security, the credit quality of the underlying assets, and the current and anticipated market conditions. 
  The Company does not intend to sell its available-for-sale investment securities and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell them before the recovery of its cost. Due to the issuers  continued satisfactions of their obligations under the securities in accordance with their contractual terms and the expectation that they will continue to do so, and management s intent and ability to hold these securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, the Company believes that the investment securities identified in the tables above were temporarily depressed as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   12 

(3) 
    Loans Receivable 
     At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , loans receivable consisted of the following segments: 

Accrued interest receivable on loans receivable was   $211,353   and   $218,113   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The loan portfolio included approximately   $43.0 million   and   $42.9 million   of fixed rate loans and approximately   $17.0 million   and   $15.2 million   of variable rate loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company originates residential, commercial real estate loans and other consumer loans, primarily in its Hamilton County, and Buchanan County, Iowa market areas and their adjacent counties. A substantial portion of its borrowers  ability to repay their loans is dependent upon economic conditions in the Company s market area. 
  
   13 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The following tables present the balance in the allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment method as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

14 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses by segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is summarized in the following tables: 

15 

(a) 
    Loan Portfolio Segment Risk Characteristics 
     One-to-four family residential  : The Company generally retains most residential mortgage loans that are originated for its own portfolio. The market value of real estate securing residential real estate loans can fluctuate as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse developments affecting real estate values in the Company s market could increase credit risk associated with its loan portfolio. Additionally, real estate lending typically involves large loan principal amounts and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and is therefore more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. 
  Non-owner occupied one-to-four family residential:   The Company originates fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans secured by non-owner occupied one-to-four family properties. These loans may have a term of up to   20 years  . Generally the Bank will lend up to   75%   of the property s appraised value. Appraised values are determined by an outside independent appraiser. In deciding to originate a loan secured by a non-owner occupied one-to-four family residential property, management reviews the creditworthiness of the borrower and the expected cash flows from the property securing the loan, the cash flow requirements of the borrower and the value of the property securing the loan. This segment is generally secured by one-to-four family properties. 
  Commercial real estate:   On a very limited basis, the Company originates fixed-rate and adjustable-rate commercial real estate and land loans. These loans may have a term of up to   20 years  . Generally the Bank will lend up to   75%   of the property s appraised value. Appraised values are determined by an outside independent appraiser. In recent years, the Company has significantly reduced the emphasis on these types of loans and does not intend to emphasize these types of loans in the future. This segment is generally secured by retail, industrial, service or other commercial properties and loans secured by raw land, including timber.  
  Consumer  : Consumer loans typically have shorter terms, lower balances, higher yields, and higher rates of default. Consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and are therefore more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. This segment consists mainly of loans collateralized by automobiles. The collateral securing these loans, may depreciate over time, may be difficult to recover and may fluctuate in value based on condition. 
           (b) 
    Charge off Policy 
     The Company requires a loan to be at least partially charged off as soon as it becomes apparent that some loss will be incurred, or when its collectability is sufficiently questionable that it no longer is considered a bankable asset. The primary considerations when determining if and how much of a loan should be charged off are as follows: (1) the potential for future cash flows; (2) the value of any collateral; and (3) the strength of any co-makers or guarantors. 
           (c) 
    Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDR) 
     All loans deemed troubled debt restructurings, or  TDR , are considered impaired, and are evaluated for collateral sufficiency. A loan is considered a TDR when the Bank, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that the Bank would not otherwise consider. There were   no   new troubled debt restructurings in the first   nine   months of 2016.  
           (d) 
    Loans Measured Individually for Impairment 
     Loans that are deemed to be impaired are reserved for with the necessary allocation. All loans deemed troubled debt restructurings are considered impaired. Generally loans for 1-4 family residential and consumer are collectively evaluated for impairment. 
           (e) 
    Loans Measured Collectively for Impairment 
     All loans not evaluated individually for impairment are grouped together by type and further segmented by risk classification. The Company s historical loss experiences for each portfolio segment are calculated using  
  
   16 

a 12 quarter rolling average loss rate for estimating losses adjusted for qualitative factors. The qualitative factors consider economic and business conditions, changes in nature and volume of the loan portfolio, concentrations, collateral values, level and trends in delinquencies, external factors, lending policies, experience of lending staff, and monitoring of credit quality. 
  The following tables set forth the composition of each class of the Company s loans by internally assigned credit quality indicators. 

Special Mention/Watch   Loans classified as special mention/watch are assets that do not warrant adverse classification but possess credit deficiencies or potential weakness deserving close attention. 
  Substandard   Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
  Doubtful   Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable, and improbable. 
  The Company had   one   impaired loan as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   No   interest income was recorded on impaired loans during   2016   or   2015  . 
           (f) 
    Nonaccrual and Delinquent Loans 
     Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when (1) payment in full of principal and interest is no longer expected or (2) principal or interest has been in default for   90   or more (unless the loan is well secured with marketable collateral). 
  
   17 

A nonaccrual asset may be restored to an accrual status when all past due principal and interest has been paid and the borrower has demonstrated satisfactory payment performance (excluding renewals and modifications that involve the capitalizing of interest). 
  Delinquency status of a loan is determined by the number of days that have elapsed past the loan s payment due date, using the following classification groupings: 30 59 days, 60 89 days, and 90 days or more. Loans shown in the 30 59 day s and 60 89 day s columns in the table below reflect contractual delinquency status only, and include loans considered nonperforming due to classification as a TDR or being placed on nonaccrual. 
  The following tables set forth the composition of the Company s past due loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The following tables set forth the composition of the Company s recorded investment in loans on nonaccrual status as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

18 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , deposits are summarized as follows: 

Included in the NOW accounts were approximately   $4.6 million   and   $4.7 million   of non-interest bearing deposits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
           (5) 
    Taxes on Income 
     Taxes on income comprise the following: 

Taxes on income differ from the amounts computed by applying the federal income tax rate of   34%   to earnings before taxes on income for the following reasons, expressed in dollars: 

19 

Federal income tax expense for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was computed using the consolidated effective federal tax rate. The Company also recognized income tax expense pertaining to state franchise taxes payable individually by the Bank. 
  The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are presented below: 

Based upon the Company s level of historical taxable income and anticipated future taxable income over the periods that the deferred tax assets are deductible, management has reviewed whether it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. Management has determined that a valuation allowance was required for deferred tax assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , related to the charitable contribution carryforward. The charitable contribution expires if not used by   2020  . In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , a   $16,000   valuation allowance  was recorded related to the deferred Iowa income tax items of WCF Financial M.H.C., subsequent to its merger with the Company. 
  As of   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   no   material unrecognized tax benefits. The evaluation was performed for those tax years that remain open to audit. The Company files a consolidated tax return for federal purposes and separate tax returns for the State of Iowa purposes.  
  Under previous law, the provisions of the IRS and similar sections of Iowa law permitted the Bank to deduct from taxable income an allowance for bad debts based on 8% of taxable income before such deduction or actual loss experience. Legislation passed in 1996 eliminated the percentage of taxable income method as an option for computing bad debt deductions for 1996 and in future years. 
  Deferred taxes have been provided for the difference between tax bad debt reserves and the loan loss allowances recorded in the financial statements subsequent to December 31, 1987. However, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , retained earnings contain certain historical additions to bad debt reserves for income tax  
  
   20 

purposes of approximately   $2,134,000   as of December 31, 1987, for which no deferred taxes have been provided because the Bank does not intend to use these reserves for purposes other than to absorb losses. If these amounts which qualified as bad debt deductions are used for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses or adjustments arising from the carryback of net operating losses, income taxes may be imposed at the then-existing rates. The approximate amount of unrecognized tax liability associated with these historical additions is   $800,000  . 
   
           (6) 
    Stockholders  Equity 
              (a) 
    Common Stock Repurchase 
     The Company repurchased   no   shares during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and repurchased   4,355   shares during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
           (b) 
    Regulatory Capital Requirements 
     The Company and WCF Financial Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements (as shown in the following table) can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators which, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and WCF Financial Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s and WCF Financial Bank s capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Management believes the Company and WCF Financial Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company s and WCF Financial Bank s capital amounts and ratios are presented in the following table as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands). 

21 

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC issued final rules implementing the Basel III regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act changes. The rules revised minimum capital requirements and adjusted prompt corrective action thresholds. The final rules revised the regulatory capital elements, added a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, increased the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement, and implemented a new capital conservation buffer. The rules also permitted certain banking organizations to retain, through a one-time election, the existing treatment for AOCI. The Company and WCF Financial Bank made the election to retain the existing treatment, which excludes AOCI from regulatory capital amounts. The final rules took effect for the Company and WCF Financial Bank on January 1, 2015, subject to a transition period for certain parts of the rules. 
  Beginning in 2016, an additional capital conservation buffer was added to the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes, subject to a three year phase-in period. The capital conservation buffer will be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019 at 2.50%. A banking organization with a conservation buffer of less than 2.50% (or the required phase-in amount in years prior to 2019) will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. As of   September 30, 2016  , the ratios for the Company and WCF Financial Bank were sufficient to meet the fully phased-in conservation buffer. 
           (c) 
    Dividends and Restrictions Thereon 
     The Company declared and paid a   $0.05   dividend in each of the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . In the first quarter of   2016  , the Company declared and paid a dividend of   $0.05   per share and did   no  t declare or pay a dividend in the first quarter of   2015  . The company did   no  t declare or pay a dividend in the second quarter of   2016   but declared and paid a   $0.04   dividend in the second quarter of   2015  . 
  
   22 

Federal regulations impose certain limitations on the payment of dividends and other capital distributions by the Bank. Under the regulations, a savings institution, such as the Bank, that will meet the fully phased in capital requirements (as defined by the OCC regulations) subsequent to a capital distribution is generally permitted to make such capital distribution without OCC approval so long as they have not been notified of the need for more than normal supervision by the OCC. The Bank has not been so notified and, therefore, may make capital distributions during the calendar year equal to net income plus 50% of the amount by which the Bank s capital exceeds the fully phased in capital requirement as measured at the beginning of the calendar year. A savings institution with total capital in excess of current minimum capital requirements but not in excess of the fully phased in requirements is permitted by the new regulations to make, without OCC approval, capital distributions of between 25% and 75% of its net income for the previous four quarters, less dividends already paid for such period. A savings institution that fails to meet current minimum capital requirements is prohibited from making any capital distributions without prior approval from the OCC. 
  On February 26, 2015, WCF Financial Bank paid a dividend of   $1.0 million   to Webster City Federal Bancorp. The funds were to be used to pay dividends and the future repurchase of stock. 
   
           (7) 
    Fair Value 
     FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820,   Fair Value Measurement  , defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset of liability shall not be adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact, and (iv) willing to transact. 
  ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach, and/or the cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present amount on a discounted basis. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). Valuation techniques should be consistently applied. Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. In that regard, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
             
    Level 1 Inputs     Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
                
    Level 2 Inputs     Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means. 
                
    Level 3 Inputs     Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 
     
   23 

A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. These valuation methodologies were applied to all of the Company s financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value. 
             
    Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, and time deposits in other financial institutions  . The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
                
    Securities available-for-sale  . Investment securities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value on a recurring basis. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. 
                
    Loans receivable  . The Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. For variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair values for other loans are determined using estimated future cash flows, discounted at the interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers with similar credit quality. The Company does record nonrecurring fair value adjustments to loans to reflect (1) partial write downs to collateral value or (2) the establishment of specific loan reserves that are based on the observable market price of the loan or the appraised of the collateral. These loans are classified as Level 3. 
                
    Bankers  Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock  . The value of Bankers  Bank and FHLB stock is equivalent to its carrying value because the stock is redeemable at par value. 
                
    Accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable  . The recorded amount of accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable approximates fair value as a result of the short term nature of the instruments. 
                
    Deposits  . The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as passbook, money market, noninterest bearing checking, and NOW accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. The fair value estimates do not include the benefit that results from the low cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the market. 
                
    FHLB advances  . The fair value of the FHLB advances is based on the discounted value of the cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for fixed rate advances of similar remaining maturities. 
     The following tables summarize financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value. The Company has   no   liabilities measured at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. 

24 

*All mortgage-backed securities are issued by FNMA, FHLMC, or GNMA and are backed by residential mortgage loans. 
  There have been no changes in valuation methodologies at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   and there were no transfers between levels during the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company is required to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write downs of individual assets. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company did not have any material assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
  The estimated fair values of Company s financial instruments (as described in note 1) at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

(8) 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     The Company is involved with various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  
   25 

The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. The financial instruments include commitments to extend credit of approximately   $707,000   and   $250,000   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These commitments expire   one year   from origination and are both fixed and adjustable interest rates ranging from   3.25%   to   6.00%  . 

Item 2 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  General    
    
  Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition at   September 30, 2016   and the results of operations for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank.  The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing on Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe,   intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect  and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  
             
    statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;  
                
    statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;  
                
    statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and  
                
    estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.  
     These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 
  The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
  The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
             
    general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected;  
                
    changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses;  
                
    our ability to access cost-effective funding;  
                
    fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions;  
                
    demand for loans and deposits in our market area;  
     
   26 

our ability to implement and change our business strategies; 
                
    competition with depository and other financial institutions;  
                
    inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of financial instruments, our level of loan originations, or increases in the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make; 
                
    adverse changes in the securities markets;  
                
    changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements, including as a result of Basel III; 
                
    the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and the implementing regulations;  
                
    changes in the quality or composition of our loan or investment portfolios; 
                
    technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; 
                
    the inability of third-party providers to perform as expected; 
                
    our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk in the current economic environment; 
                
    our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities;  
                
    our ability to successfully integrate into our operations any assets, liabilities, customers, systems and management personnel we may acquire and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames and any goodwill charges related thereto; 
                
    changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;  
                
    changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;  
                
    our ability to retain key employees;  
                
    adverse changes in the national agriculture economy and the agriculture economy in our market area; 
                
    our compensation expense associated with equity allocated or awarded to our employees; and 
                
    changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own.  
     Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements.   
    
  Critical Accounting Policies 

27 

There are no material changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in WCF Bancorp, Inc. s Prospectus dated May 13, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Securities Act Rule 424(b)(3) on May 20, 2016.   
    
  Comparison of Financial Condition at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015 
    
  Total assets   increase  d   $11.2 million  , or   9.9%  , to   $124.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $112.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The   increase   was primarily due to an   increase   in federal funds sold of   $2.9 million  , or   82.9%  , to   $6.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $3.5 million  , at   December 31, 2015  . This   increase   was due to subscription funds received in the second step conversion stock offering, which closed on July 13, 2016. Cash and due from banks   decrease  d   $3.4 million  , or   63.0%  , to   $2.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $5.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   resulted from excess funds being used to finance additional loans and to purchase investment securities. Investment securities available for sale   increase  d   $7.7 million  , or   21.1%  , to   $44.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $36.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   in investment securities available for sale was due to the investment of subscription funds received in the second step conversion stock offering. Net loans receivable   increase  d   $2.0 million  , or   3.5%  , to   $59.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $57.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   in net loans receivable was due to an   increase   in consumer loans, due in part from a promotion during the 2016. 
    
  Total liabilities   decrease  d   $3.8 million  , or   3.9%  , to   $94.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $98.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   in liabilities was mainly due to the payoff of FHLB advances. Deposits at   September 30, 2016   were   $86.2 million   compared to   $88.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . FHLB Advances   decrease  d   $4.0 million  , to   $4.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $8.0 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Stockholders equity   increase  d   $15.0 million  , or   102.7%  , to   $29.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $14.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   in stockholders  equity resulted from   $15.7 million   in stock proceeds from the subscription funds received in the second step conversion stock offering,   $863,000   from the merger of the WCF Financial MHC into WCF Bancorp, Inc.,    $217,000   of net income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and a   $63,000   change in market value of securities available for sale offset by $1,609,457 of expenses related to the second step conversion stock offering and $  279,000   paid in dividends. 
    
  Comparison of Results of Operations for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
    
  Net income   decrease  d   $41,000  , or   37.6%  , to   $68,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $109,000   for the same period in   2015  . Basic/diluted earnings per share were   $0.03   and   $0.04   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Total interest income was   $962,000   for the   2016   quarter, compared to    $915,000   for the   2015   quarter. The   increase   in total interest income was from organic loan growth and interest in tax-exempt investment securities and other interest-earning assets. Total interest expense was   $158,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $152,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   was due to higher interest rates being paid on deposits during the   2016   quarter compared to the   2015   quarter. 
    
  Each quarter an analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies - Allowance for Loan Losses  is completed. Based on these factors,   no   provision for loan losses was recorded for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $50,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . The allowance for loan losses reflects the estimate believed to be appropriate to cover incurred probable losses which were inherent in the loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016   compared to those at   September 30, 2015  . While we believed the estimates and assumptions used in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance are reasonable, the actual amount of future provisions may exceed the amount of past provisions, and the  
  
   28 

increase in future provisions that may be required may adversely impact the financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Net interest income after provision for losses on loans   increase  d   $91,000  , or   12.6%  , to   $803,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $713,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Noninterest income   increase  d   $135,000  , or   143.6%  , to   $229,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $94,000   for the same period in   2015  . The   increase   was due to   $100,000   in gains from sales of securities available-for-sale for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $17,000   gain on the sale of securities available-for-sale recorded in the three month period ended   September 30, 2015  .  Fees and service charges   increase  d   $25,000  , or   32.5%  , to   $102,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $77,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Other income increased   $26,000   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   no   other income for the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Noninterest expense consists primarily of compensation and employee benefits, office property and equipment, data processing services, FDIC insurance premiums, charitable contributions and professional fees. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest expense   increase  d   $180,000  , or   25.7%   to   $881,000  , compared to   $701,000  , for the same three month period in   2015  . Compensation and employee benefits   increase  d   $32,000  , or   10.6%  , due to hiring a CFO in February of 2016. Office property and equipment   increase  d   $22,000  , or   19.3%  , due to the addition of an ATM at the Independence location in      2016  . Data processing services increased   $31,000  , or   34.3%  , for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   September 30, 2015  . This increase was due to additional services provided by our data processor in 2016. FDIC insurance premiums increased   $4,000  , or   23.5%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , due to the temporary increase in deposits from the holding of the stock orders held at the Bank during the three months ending   September 30, 2016   compared to   September 30, 2015  . Professional fees increased   $89,000  , or   164.1%  , in the   2016   quarter, due to additional costs associated with the Conversion.  
    
  We recognized an income tax   expense   of   $82,000   for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to an income tax   benefit   of   $(4,000)   for the   2015   quarter.  
    
  Comparison of Results of Operations for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
    
  Net income decreased   $160,000  , or   42.4%  , to   $217,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $377,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Basic/diluted earnings per share were   $0.09   and   $0.15   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Total interest income was unchanged at   $2.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and   2015  . Total interest expense was   $486,000  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $464,000   for   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   $22,000   increase was due to higher interest being paid on deposits and FHLB advances during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period last year. 
    
  Each quarter an analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies - Allowance for Loan Losses  is completed. Based on these factors, a   $20,000   provision for loan losses was recorded for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to a provision of   $130,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The allowance for loan losses reflects the estimate believed to be appropriate to cover incurred probable losses which were inherent in the loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016   compared to those at   September 30, 2015  . While we believed the estimates and assumptions used in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance are reasonable, the actual amount of future provisions may exceed the amount of past provisions, and the increase in future provisions that may be required may adversely impact the financial condition and results of operations. 

29 

Net interest income after provision for losses on loans increased   $132,000  , or   6.0%  , to   $2.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $2.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Noninterest income   decrease  d   $131,000  , or   22.7%   to   $445,000  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $576,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   was due to   $115,000   in gains from sales of securities available-for-sale and   no   gain on disposition of office property and equipment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $208,000   in gains on the sales of securities available-for-sale and a   $137,000   gain on disposition of office property and equipment  recorded in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Fees and service charges increased   $56,000   or   24.3%  , to   $286,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $230,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Other income increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , by   $44,000  , compared to no other income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was due to equity income received from the investment in affiliate.  
    
  Noninterest expense consists primarily of compensation and employee benefits, office property and equipment, data processing services, FDIC insurance premiums, charitable contributions and professional fees. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , noninterest expense   increase  d   $209,000  , or   9.1%  , to   $2.5 million  , compared to   $2.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . All of the above noninterest expense increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , except charitable contributions. Compensation and employee benefits   increase  d   $56,000  , or   6.1%  , due to hiring a CFO in February of 2016. Office property and equipment   increase  d   $119,000  , or   42.2%  , due to a full   nine   months of expenses on the new headquarters in   2016   compared to only five months during the same period of   2015  . FDIC insurance premiums increased   $11,000  , or   22.6%  , during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , due to the increase in deposits from the holding of the stock orders held at the bank during at   September 30, 2016   compared to   September 30, 2015  . Professional fees increased   $214,000  , or   144.6%  , in   2016   due to additional costs associated with the conversion. Data processing services increased   $29,000  , or   10.5%  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .   
    
  We recognized an income tax   expense   of   $33,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an income   expense   of   $80,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . During the first   nine   months of   2016   we had gains on sales of securities available-for-sale, net of   $115,000   compared to   $208,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . There were   no   gains on the disposition of office property and equipment during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $137,000   in gains during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . With these gains, earnings before taxes on income were   $250,000   and   $457,000   for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

Item 3 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
       
  Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4 
    Controls and Procedures 
       
  An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  
   30 

During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

Part II   Other Information 

Item 1    Legal Proceedings    
    
  The Company is subject to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Bank s or the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A 
    Risk Factors 
       
  Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller reporting company. 

Item 2 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
       
           (a) 
    There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Report. 
       
           (b) 
    Not applicable. 
       
           (c) 
    There were no issuer repurchases of securities during the period covered by this Report. 

Item 3    Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
    
  None.  
   
           Item 4 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable. 
  
   32 

Item 5    Other Information    
    
  None. 

Item 6 
    Exhibits    

32 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
     
   33 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WCF BANCORP, INC. 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen L. Mourlam 

Stephen L. Mourlam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kasie L. Doering 

Kasie L. Doering 

Chief Financial Officer 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wcffinancialbankq3exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Stephen L. Mourlam, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WCF Bancorp, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           c) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen L. Mourlam 

Stephen L. Mourlam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wcffinancialbankq3exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Kasie L. Doering, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WCF Bancorp, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           c) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kasie L. Doering 

Kasie L. Doering 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 wcffinancialbankq3exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  Stephen L. Mourlam, President and Chief Executive Officer of WCF Bancorp, Inc., (the  Company ) and Kasie L. Doering, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in their capacity as an officer of the Company that they have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) and that to the best of his knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen L. Mourlam 

Stephen L. Mourlam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kasie L. Doering 

Kasie L. Doering 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wcfb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wcfb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wcfb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wcfb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wcfb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wcfb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

