<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_74046_0000074046-16-000112_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3546020</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76769</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>225335</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1006570</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1525086</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>646351</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000074046-16-000112.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208160510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000074046-16-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OIL DRI CORP OF AMERICA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000074046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				362048898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12622
		FILM NUMBER:		162041472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3123211515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL DRI CORP OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000074046-16-000112.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 odc10-q10312016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
    
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
    
  Washington, D. C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

or 
                   o 
    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 

Commission File Number 001-12622 
    
  OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
  (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 

The registrant's telephone number, including area code: (312) 321-1515 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. 
  Yes   x     No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes   x     No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer    x 
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes   o     No   x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  Common Stock   5,080,689 Shares and Class B Stock   2,188,771 Shares 

CONTENTS 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Page 
      Item 1: 
     Financial Statements   
     3 

Item 2: 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations  
     17 

Item 3: 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
     22 

Item 4: 
     Controls and Procedures  
     23 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 2: 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     24 

Item 4: 
     Mine Safety Disclosures     
     24 

Item 6: 
     Exhibits  
     25 

Signatures  
     26 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Certain statements in this report, including, but not limited to, those under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and those statements elsewhere in this report and other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. Words such as  expect,   outlook,   forecast,   would,   could,   should,   project,   intend,   plan,   continue,   believe,   seek,   estimate,   anticipate,   may,   assume,  and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
    
  Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially, including those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected or planned. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by law, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 
    
  TRADEMARK NOTICE 
    
  Cat s Pride, Fresh   Light, Fresh   Light Ultimate Care and Oil-Dri are registered trademarks of Oil-Dri Corporation of America.  
  
    2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  Financial Statements 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    4 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings 
  (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (in thousands of dollars) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (in thousands)   

7 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Continued 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

8 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA   SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes To Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

1  .     BASIS OF STATEMENT PRESENTATION 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and in compliance with instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The financial statements and the related notes are condensed and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016   included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Oil-Dri Corporation of America and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions are eliminated. Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references to  Oil-Dri,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our  refer to Oil-Dri Corporation of America and its subsidiaries. 
    
  The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals and reclassifications which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the statements contained herein. Operating results for the   three   months ended   October 31, 2016   are not necessarily an indication of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending   July 31, 2017  . 
    
  The preparation of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Estimates and assumptions are revised periodically. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
    
  We recognize revenue when risk of loss and title are transferred under the terms of our sales agreements with customers at a fixed and determinable price and collection of payment is probable. Trade promotion reserves are provided for sales incentives made directly to consumers, such as coupons, and sales incentives made to customers, such as slotting, discounts based on sales volume, cooperative marketing programs and other arrangements. Such trade promotion costs are netted against sales. Sales returns and allowances are not material. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, wages and benefits associated with staff outside the manufacturing and distribution functions, all advertising and marketing-related costs, any miscellaneous trade spending expenses not required to be included in net sales, research and development costs, depreciation and amortization related to assets outside the manufacturing and distribution process and all other non-manufacturing and non-distribution expenses. 
    
  We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on our historical experience and a periodic review of our accounts receivable, including a review of the overall aging of accounts and analysis of specific customer accounts. A customer account is determined to be uncollectible when we have completed our internal collection procedures, including termination of shipments, direct customer contact and formal demand of payment. 
    
  We mine sorbent materials on property that we either own or lease as part of our overall operations. A significant part of our overall mining cost is incurred during the process of removing the overburden (non-usable material) from the mine site, thus exposing the sorbent material used in a majority of our production processes. These stripping costs are treated as a variable inventory production cost and are included in cost of sales in the period they are incurred. We defer and amortize the pre-production overburden removal costs associated with opening a new mine. 
    
  Additionally, it is our policy to capitalize the purchase cost of land and mineral rights, including associated legal fees, survey fees and real estate fees. The costs of obtaining mineral patents, including legal fees and drilling expenses, are also capitalized. Pre-production development costs on new mines and any prepaid royalties that may be offset against future royalties due upon extraction of the minerals are also capitalized. All exploration related costs are expensed as incurred. 
    
  We perform ongoing reclamation activities during the normal course of our overburden removal. As overburden is removed from a mine site, it is hauled to previously mined sites and is used to refill older sites. This process allows us to continuously reclaim older mine sites and dispose of overburden simultaneously, thereby minimizing the costs associated with the reclamation process. 

9 

2  .     NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  Recently Issued Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance under Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) 606,   Revenue from Contract with Customers  , which establishes a single comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers and will supersede most existing revenue guidance. This guidance requires entities to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange. In March, April and May of 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that further clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. Transition options include either a full or modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The implementation date for this guidance was deferred and will now be effective at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal year 2019. While we are still in the process of evaluating the financial statement impact of the adoption of this requirement, it is not currently expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements based on the types of products we sell and our arrangements with customers. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 205,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern  , which defines management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. This guidance will be effective for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017. This pronouncement requires additional disclosures only in certain circumstances and we do not expect a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 330,   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.   The new guidance requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, which is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This new guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 740,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,   which requires deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 825,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   This guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The provisions relevant to us at this time require the use of the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, as well as eliminates the requirement to disclose the method and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value in such disclosure. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and early adoption is generally not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 842,   Leases  , which provides that, for leases with a term greater than 12 months, a lessee must recognize in the statement of financial position both a liability to make lease payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying asset. Other requirements describe expense recognition, as well as financial statement presentation and disclosure. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2020 using a modified retrospective approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 718,   Compensation-Stock Compensation,   which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. The new guidance also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance under ASC 326,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses  , which requires companies to utilize an impairment model for most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other financial instruments, which include trade and other receivables, loans and held-to-maturity debt securities, to record an allowance for credit risk based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. In addition, this new guidance changes the recognition method for credit losses on available- 
  
    10 

for-sale debt securities, which can occur as a result of market and credit risk, as well as additional disclosures. In general, this guidance will require modified retrospective adoption for all outstanding instruments that fall under this guidance. This guidance is effective for our first quarter of fiscal year 2021. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this requirement on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  There have been no other accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted by us which are expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Recently Adopted Pronouncements 
    
  For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we adopted FASB guidance under ASC 835,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost,   which requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of these costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. We adopted this guidance retrospectively, which resulted in a decrease in Other Assets of   $118,000   with a corresponding decrease in Noncurrent Liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2016. The new requirements had no impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 

3  .     INVENTORIES 
    
  The composition of inventories is as follows (in thousands): 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Inventory costs include the cost of raw materials, packaging supplies, labor and other overhead costs. We perform a detailed review of our inventory items to determine if an obsolescence reserve adjustment is necessary. The review surveys all of our operating facilities and sales groups to ensure that both historical issues and new market trends are considered. The obsolescence reserve not only considers specific items, but also takes into consideration the overall value of the inventory as of the balance sheet date. The inventory obsolescence reserve values at   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   were   $826,000   and   $806,000  , respectively. 

4  .     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The inputs used to measure fair value are prioritized into categories based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The categories in the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
    
  Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2: Observable market-based inputs for similar assets or liabilities or valuation models whose inputs are observable, directly or indirectly. 
  Level 3: Unobservable inputs. 
    
  Cash equivalents of   $3,370,000   and   $7,626,000   as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  , respectively, were classified as Level 1. These cash instruments are primarily money market mutual funds and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Short-term investments included U.S. Treasury securities and certificates of deposit. We intend and have the ability to hold our short-term investments to maturity; therefore, these investments were reported at amortized cost, which approximated fair value as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  . 
    
  Accounts receivable and accounts payable balances approximated their fair values at   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   due to the short maturity and nature of those balances. 

11 

Notes payable are reported at the face amount of future maturities. The estimated fair value of notes payable, including current maturities, was   $13,224,000   and   $16,651,000   as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  , respectively. Our debt does not trade on a daily basis in an active market, therefore the fair value estimate is based on market observable borrowing rates currently available for debt with similar terms and average maturities and is classified as Level 2. 
    
  We apply fair value techniques on at least an annual basis associated with: (1) valuing potential impairment loss related to goodwill, trademarks and other indefinite-lived intangible assets and (2) valuing potential impairment loss related to long-lived assets. See Note   5   for further information about goodwill and other intangible assets. 

5  . GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Intangible amortization expense was   $305,000   and   $363,000   in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , respectively. Estimated intangible amortization for the remainder of fiscal   2017   is   $918,000  . Estimated intangible amortization for the next five fiscal years is as follows (in thousands): 

We have one acquired trademark recorded at a cost of   $376,000   that was determined to have an indefinite life and is not amortized. 
    
  We performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016   and no impairment was identified. There have been no triggering events that would indicate a new impairment analysis is needed. 

12 

6  .     PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS 
    
  The components of net periodic pension and postretirement health benefit costs were as follows: 

The postretirement health plan is an unfunded plan. We pay insurance premiums and claims from our assets. 
    
  The pension plan is funded based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes, the normal cost and the minimum contribution required and the maximum contribution allowed under applicable regulations.     We contributed   $301,000   to our pension plan during the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  . We estimate contributions will be   $1,174,000   for the remainder of fiscal   2017  . See Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  for a discussion of the potential impact of financial market fluctuations on pension plan assets and future funding contributions. 
    
  Assumptions used in the previous calculations were as follows: 

The medical cost trend assumption for postretirement health benefits was   7.5%  . The graded trend rate is expected to decrease to an ultimate rate of   4.5%   in fiscal   2035  . 

13 

7  . OPERATING SEGMENTS 
    
  We have   two   operating segments: (1) Retail and Wholesale Products Group and (2) Business to Business Products Group. These operating segments are managed separately and each segment's major customers have different characteristics. The Retail and Wholesale Products Group customers include: mass merchandisers; wholesale clubs; drugstore chains; pet specialty retail outlets; dollar stores; retail grocery stores; distributors of industrial cleanup and automotive products; environmental service companies; and sports field product users. The Business to Business Products Group customers include: processors and refiners of edible oils, petroleum-based oils and biodiesel fuel; manufacturers of animal feed and agricultural chemicals; distributors of animal health and nutrition products; and marketers of consumer products. 
    
  Our operating segments are also our reportable segments. Net sales and operating income for each segment are provided below. Revenues by product line are not provided because it would be impracticable to do so. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . 
    
  We do not rely on any segment asset allocations and we do not consider them meaningful because of the shared nature of our production facilities; however, we have estimated the segment asset allocations below for those assets for which we can reasonably determine. The unallocated asset category is the remainder of our total assets. The asset allocation is estimated and is not a measure used by our chief operating decision maker about allocating resources to the operating segments or in assessing their performance. The corporate expenses line includes certain unallocated expenses, including primarily salaries, wages and benefits, purchased services, rent, utilities and depreciation and amortization associated with corporate functions such as research and development, information systems, finance, legal, human resources and customer service. Corporate expenses also include the estimated annual incentive plan bonus accrual. 

8  .     STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  We determine the fair value of stock options and restricted stock issued under our long term incentive plans as of the grant date. We recognize the related compensation expense over the period from the date of grant to the date when the award is no longer contingent on the employee providing additional service to the Company. 

14 

The Oil-Dri Corporation of America 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan (the  2006 Plan ) permits the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock-based and cash-based awards. Our employees and outside directors are eligible to receive grants under the 2006 Plan. The total number of shares of stock subject to grants under the 2006 Plan may not exceed   937,500  . Stock options have been granted to our outside directors with a vesting period of   one   year and stock options granted to employees generally vest   25%     two   years after the grant date and in each of the   three   following anniversaries of the grant date. In addition, restricted shares have been issued under the 2006 Plan as described in the restricted stock section below. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  A summary of stock options is shown below: 

No   stock options were exercised during   first   quarter fiscal year   2017  . The amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options during   first   quarter fiscal year   2016   was   $185,000   and the related tax benefit was   $28,000  . 
    
  No   stock options were granted during   first   quarter of either fiscal year   2017   or   2016  . 
    
  Restricted Stock 
    
  All of our non-vested restricted stock as of   October 31, 2016   was issued under the 2006 Plan with vesting periods between   two years   and   five years  . Under the 2006 Plan,   13,000   and   37,000   restricted shares of Common Stock were granted during   first   quarter fiscal year   2017   and   2016  , respectively. Stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock for   first   quarter fiscal years 2017 and 2016 was   $431,000   and   $332,000  , respectively. 
    
  A summary of restricted stock transactions is shown below:   

15 

9  . ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income by component as of   October 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

a) Amount is net of tax expense of   $165,000  . Amount is included in the components of net periodic benefit cost for the pension and postretirement health plans. See Note   6   for further information. 

16 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF     FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes included herein and our Consolidated Financial Statements, accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed under  Forward-Looking Statements  and Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . 
    
  OVERVIEW 
    
  We develop, mine, manufacture and market sorbent products principally produced from clay minerals and, to a lesser extent, other clay-like sorbent materials. Our principal products include agricultural and horticultural chemical carriers, animal health and nutrition products, bleaching clay and fluid purification aids, cat litter, industrial and automotive floor absorbents and sports field products. Our products are sold to two primary customer groups, including customers who resell our products as originally produced to the end consumer and those who use our products as part of their production process or use them as an ingredient in their final finished product. We have two reportable operating segments based on the different characteristics of our two primary customer groups: Retail and Wholesale Products Group and Business to Business Products Group, as described in Note   7   of the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

THREE MONTHS ENDED   OCTOBER 31, 2016   COMPARED TO 
  THREE MONTHS ENDED   OCTOBER 31, 2015 
    
  CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
    
  Consolidated net sales for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   were   $66,612,000  ,   a decrease   of   2%   from net sales of   $67,795,000   for the three months ended   October 31, 2015  . Net sales were down for our Retail and Wholesale Products Group and were up for our Business to Business Products Group. Consolidated net income was   $2,009,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared to   $5,423,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Operating income increased for our Business to Business Products Group compared to the prior year. Lower net sales and approximately $5,400,000 higher advertising costs, described further below, drove an operating loss for our Retail and Wholesale Products Group in the   first   quarter. Diluted net income per share was   $0.28   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  , compared to   $0.75   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . 
    
  Consolidated gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   was   31%  , compared to   30%   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Gross profit for the   first   three months of fiscal 2017 was positively impacted by lower packaging costs per ton produced. A significant amount of our packaging purchases are subject to contractual price adjustments throughout the year based on underlying commodity prices. The lower packaging costs reflected favorable price adjustments as commodity prices have declined, particularly for resin and paper-based packaging. Gross profit was negatively affected by higher manufacturing costs. The cost per manufactured ton for natural gas used to operate kilns that dry our clay was approximately 4% higher than the   first   quarter of the prior year. In addition, other manufacturing costs per ton produced were up approximately 9%, including higher expenses for employee benefits, repairs and depreciation. 
    
  Total selling, general and administrative expenses were   37%     higher   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared to the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . The discussion of the segments' operating incomes below describes the selling, general and administrative expenses allocated to the operating segments, particularly higher advertising expense in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group. Unallocated corporate expenses in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   included a lower estimated annual incentive bonus accrual based on performance targets established for each fiscal year. The lower accrued bonus expense was partially offset by higher postretirement and employee health benefits. 
    
  Our tax expense was   25%   of pre-tax income for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  , compared   28%   in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Our effective tax rate was based on the estimated level of our taxable income for the year and the assessment of various tax deductions, including depletion. 

17 

BUSINESS TO BUSINESS PRODUCTS GROUP 
    
  Net sales of the Business to Business Products Group for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   were   $27,473,000  ,   an increase   of   $1,652,000  , or   6%  , from net sales of   $25,821,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Sales of our animal health and nutrition products increased approximately 53% with higher sales in all of our primary international and domestic markets. See  Foreign Operations  below for further discussion of sales by our subsidiary in China. Net sales of fluids purification products were up approximately 6%, primarily for sales to edible oil producers. A new customer in Europe, added in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, accounted for much of the sales improvement. Partially offsetting this increase was lower sales to customers in the petroleum oil processing industry due to normal ordering fluctuations. Sales of co-packaged coarse cat litter were 16% lower than in the   first   quarter of fiscal 2016 due primarily to fewer tons sold in the declining coarse cat litter market. Net sales of our agricultural chemical carriers to manufacturers of crop protection products were down slightly compared to the prior year. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Business to Business Products Group were 5% higher compared to the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016   due primarily to additional costs to promote our animal health and nutrition products. 
    
  The Business to Business Products Group s operating income for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   was   $9,408,000  ,   an increase   of   $239,000  , or   3%  , from operating income of   $9,169,000   in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . The benefits of higher sales and lower packaging costs more than offset higher manufacturing costs and increased selling, general and administrative expenses. See  Consolidated Results  above for further discussion of manufacturing and packaging costs. 
    
  RETAIL AND WHOLESALE PRODUCTS GROUP 
    
  Net sales of the Retail and Wholesale Products Group for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   were   $39,139,000  ,   a decrease   of   $2,835,000  , or   7%  , from net sales of   $41,974,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Overall cat litter net sales declined approximately 8% compared to the   first   quarter of the prior year. Net sales of both our branded and private label cat litters decreased due to the decision not to pursue continued business with two major low margin customers. Instead, we maintained our focus on the lightweight scoopable segment of the cat litter market and continued our integrated marketing campaign. Increased sales of both our Cat's Pride Fresh   Light Ultimate Care and our private label lightweight scoopable litters compared to the first quarter of the prior year reflected the positive results of this strategy. We plan to continue our advertising and promotion efforts on the lightweight litter market throughout fiscal 2017. 
    
  Sales of industrial and automotive absorbent products were down approximately 6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016 due primarily to lower sales to distributors and to a large mass merchandiser. Sales for our subsidiary in the United Kingdom declined slightly, while sales for our subsidiary in Canada increased, as discussed in  Foreign Operations  below. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Retail and Wholesale Products Group were 156% higher compared to the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Advertising expense increased approximately $5,400,000 due primarily to the continuation of the integrated marketing campaign to promote our Fresh   Light Ultimate Care lightweight cat litter.  This campaign started in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. We plan to continue this campaign throughout the year and we expect advertising expense will be higher for the full year of fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016.  
    
  The Retail and Wholesale Products Group reported an operating loss of   $507,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  , compared to operating income of   $5,402,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . The operating loss was driven by approximately $6,000,000 of advertising costs as discussed above. Higher manufacturing costs also negatively impacted the Group's operating results, while some benefit was realized from lower packaging costs. See  Consolidated Results  above for further discussion of these cost changes. 
    
  FOREIGN OPERATIONS 
    
  Foreign operations include our subsidiaries in Canada and the United Kingdom, which are included in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group, and our subsidiary in China, which is included in the Business to Business Products Group. Total net sales by our foreign subsidiaries during the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   were   $3,151,000  , a   25%     increase   compared to net sales of   $2,513,000   in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . Higher sales for animal health and nutrition products sold by our China subsidiary were attributed to approximately 66% more tons sold. Sales also increased for both industrial floor absorbents and cat litter sold by our Canada subsidiary. Fresh   Light Ultimate Care products contributed to the higher cat litter sales. Our United Kingdom subsidiary's sales of fluids purification products declined slightly. Net sales by our foreign subsidiaries represented approximately   5%   and   4%   of our consolidated net sales during the   first   quarters of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , respectively. 

18 

Our foreign subsidiaries reported   net income   of   $31,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared to   a net loss   of   $467,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016  . The net income for the quarter was driven by the higher sales. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Our principal capital requirements include: funding working capital needs; purchasing and upgrading equipment, facilities, information systems and real estate; supporting new product development; investing in infrastructure; repurchasing Common Stock; paying dividends; and business acquisitions. During the first   three   months of fiscal   2017  , we principally used cash generated from operations to fund these requirements. We also have the ability to borrow under our revolving credit agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. ( BMO Harris ), as described further below, however we have not borrowed under the credit agreement in recent years. Cash and cash equivalents   decreased     $2,638,000   during the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   to   $15,991,000  , and short term investments   decreased     $4,825,000   during the same period to   $5,359,000   as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  The following table sets forth certain elements of our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
  In addition to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash operating activities, the primary sources and uses of operating cash flows for the first   three   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   were as follows: 
    
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts,   increased     $640,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   compared to   an increase   of   $436,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . The change in accounts receivable balances reflected differences in the level and timing of sales and collections, as well as the payment terms provided to various customers. 
    
  Prepaid expenses   increased     $1,057,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   compared to   an increase   of   $862,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . Prepaid expenses increased in the first   three   months of both fiscal   2017   and   2016   due to prepayments of annual insurance premiums. The increase in prepaid expenses in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   also included prepayments for computer software licenses. 
    
  Accrued expenses   decreased     $3,592,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   compared to   an increase   of   $33,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . The payout of the prior fiscal year's discretionary incentive bonus drove the decrease in accrued salaries in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017  . Accrued plant expenses fluctuated in the first   three   months of both fiscal   2017   and   2016   due to timing of payments, changes in the cost of goods and services we purchased, production volume levels and vendor payment terms. In addition, accrued trade promotions and advertising varied due to the timing of marketing programs. 
    
  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
  Cash   provided by   investing activities was   $533,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   compared to cash   used in   investing activities of   $2,965,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . Cash used for capital expenditures was   $4,295,000   and   $1,765,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , respectively. Capital expenditures in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   included spending for an ongoing enterprise resource planning system project and related infrastructure improvements, as well as equipment replacement at our manufacturing facilities. Net dispositions of short-term investments provided cash of   $4,827,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017  , while net purchases used cash of   $1,200,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . Purchases and dispositions of investment securities in both periods are impacted by variations in the timing of investment maturities, the operating cash needs of the Company and the availability of investment options. 

19 

Net cash used in financing activities 
    
  Cash   used in   financing activities was   $4,554,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   compared to cash   used in   financing activities of   $4,677,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2016  . Scheduled payments on long-term debt were   $3,083,000   and   $3,484,000   in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , respectively. Dividend payments in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   were   $1,477,000   compared to   $1,377,000   paid during the same period of fiscal   2016   due to a dividend increase. 
    
  Other 
    
  Total cash and investment balances held by our foreign subsidiaries of   $1,453,000   as of   October 31, 2016   were   higher   than the   October 31, 2015   balances of   $1,366,000  . See further discussion in  Foreign Operations  above. 
    
  We have a $25,000,000 unsecured revolving credit agreement with BMO Harris which expires on December 4, 2019. The agreement also provides for a maximum of $5,000,000 for foreign letters of credit. Under the agreement we may select a variable interest rate based on either the BMO Harris prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus a margin which varies depending on our debt to earnings ratio, or a fixed rate as agreed between us and BMO Harris. At   October 31, 2016  , the variable rates would have been 3.50% for the BMO Harris prime-based rate or 1.88% for the LIBOR-based rate. The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants that, among other things and under various conditions, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to dispose of assets. The agreement also requires us to maintain a minimum fixed coverage ratio and a minimum consolidated net worth. We did not borrow under the credit agreement during the   three   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and we were in compliance with its covenants.  
    
  As of   October 31, 2016  , we had remaining authority to repurchase   301,837   shares of Common Stock under a repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors. These repurchases may be made on the open market (pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise) or in negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of shares repurchased will be determined by our management. 
    
  We believe that cash flow from operations, availability under our revolving credit facility, current cash and investment balances and our ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, dividend payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. We plan to continue promoting our Cat's Pride Fresh   Light Ultimate Care   lightweight scoopable litter during fiscal 2017 and we expect advertising costs to be higher than in fiscal year 2016. We also anticipate that our capital expenditures will increase in fiscal 2017. Part of the increase will be for the implementation of an enterprise resource planning software. We do not anticipate that these increased expenditures will dramatically impact our cash position; however our cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise.   We continually evaluate our liquidity position and anticipated cash needs, as well as the financing options available to obtain additional cash reserves. Our ability to fund operations, to make planned capital expenditures, to make scheduled debt payments and to remain in compliance with all financial covenants under debt agreements, including, but not limited to, the current credit agreement, depends on our future operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors. The timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that we complete may also impact our cash requirements. 
    
  The tables in the following subsection summarize our contractual obligations and commercial commitments (in thousands) as of   October 31, 2016   for the time-frames indicated. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 

We made total contributions to our defined benefit pension plan of   $301,000   during the first   three   months of fiscal   2017  . We estimate contributions of approximately   $1,174,000   will be made during the remainder of fiscal   2017  . We have not presented this obligation for future years in the table above because the funding requirement can vary from year to year based on changes in the fair value of plan assets and actuarial assumptions. See  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  below for a discussion of the potential impact of financial market fluctuations on pension plan assets and future funding contributions. 
  
    20 

The other commercial commitments in the table above represent open purchase orders, including blanket purchase orders, for items such as packaging, additives and pallets used in the normal course of operations. The expected timing of payments for these obligations is estimated based on current information. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
    
  This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and in compliance with instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions related to the reporting of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. In preparing these financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are revised periodically. Actual results could differ from these estimates. See the information concerning our critical accounting policies included under  Management s Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . 
    
  Recently Adopted Regulations 
    
  For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we adopted FASB guidance under ASC 835,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost,   which requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of these costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. We adopted this guidance retrospectively, which resulted in a decrease in Other Assets of $118,000 with a corresponding decrease in Noncurrent Liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2016. The new requirements had no impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 

21 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  We are exposed to interest rate risk and employ policies and procedures to manage our exposure to changes in the market risk of our cash equivalents and short-term investments. We believe that the market risk arising from holdings of our financial instruments is not material. 
    
  We are exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risk, primarily the U.S. Dollar relative to the British Pound, Euro, Canadian Dollar, Chinese Yuan and the Brazilian Real, as related to our foreign subsidiaries, to certain accounts receivable, and to our ability to sell in foreign markets. We are subject to translation exposure of our foreign subsidiaries  financial statements from local currencies to U.S. Dollars. In recent years, our foreign subsidiaries have not generated a substantial portion of our consolidated sales or net income. In addition, the portion of our consolidated accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies is not significant. Finally, foreign sales of our products may be influenced by the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. Dollar compared to various other currencies, which makes our products relatively more or less expensive than our foreign competitors' products in local marketplaces. Foreign currency fluctuations had some bearing on our operating results in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017  ; however, historically the overall foreign currency fluctuation risk has not been material to our Consolidated Financial Statements and in the first   three   months of fiscal   2017   we did not enter into any hedge contracts in an attempt to offset any adverse effect of changes in currency exchange rates. 
    
  We are exposed to market risk as it relates to the investments of plan assets under our defined benefit pension plan. The fair value of these assets is subject to change due to fluctuations in the financial markets. A lower asset value may increase our pension expense and may increase the amount of future funding contributions. 
    
  We are exposed to regulatory risk in the fluid purification, animal health and agricultural markets, principally as a result of the risk of increasing regulation of the food chain throughout the world, but particularly in the United States and Europe. We actively monitor developments in this area, both directly and through trade organizations of which we are a member. 
    
  We are exposed to commodity price risk with respect to fuel. Factors that could influence the cost of natural gas used in the kilns to dry our clay include the creditworthiness of our natural gas suppliers, the overall general economy, developments in world events, general supply and demand for natural gas, seasonality and the weather patterns throughout the United States and the world. We monitor fuel market trends and, consistent with our past practice, we may purchase fuel at spot rates on a month to month basis and we may contract for a portion of our anticipated fuel needs using forward purchase contracts to mitigate the volatility of our kiln fuel prices. As of   October 31, 2016  , we have not purchased any natural gas contracts for our planned kiln fuel needs for the remainder of fiscal   2017  . 

22 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ). Based upon the controls evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
    
  Our management, including the CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

23 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  Items 1, 1A, 3 and 5 of this Part II are either inapplicable or are answered in the negative and are omitted pursuant to the instructions to Part II. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  During the three months ended   October 31, 2016  , we did not sell any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. The following chart summarizes our Common Stock purchases during this period. 

1    The table summarizes repurchases of (and remaining authority to repurchase) shares of our Common Stock. We did not repurchase any shares of our Class B Stock during the period in question, and no shares of our Class A Common Stock are currently outstanding. Descriptions of our Common Stock, Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock are contained in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016   filed with the SEC. 
    
   2    Our Board of Directors authorized repurchases of 250,000 shares on March 11, 2011 and authorized the repurchase of an additional 250,000 shares on June 14, 2012. These authorizations do not have a stated expiration date. The share numbers in this column indicate the number of shares of Common Stock that may yet be repurchased under these authorizations. We do not have any current authorization from our Board of Directors to repurchase shares of Class B Stock. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Our mining operations are subject to regulation by the Mine Safety and Health Administration under authority of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

24 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
    
                       Exhibit 
  No. 
      
    Description 
      
    SEC Document Reference 

11 
      
    Statement re: Computation of Earnings per Share. 
      
    Filed herewith. 

31 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a). 
      
    Filed herewith. 

32 
      
    Certifications pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      
    Furnished herewith. 

95 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Instance Document 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
      
    Filed herewith. 

25 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
  (Registrant) 

BY   /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee                              
  Daniel S. Jaffee 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

BY   /s/ Daniel T. Smith                             
  Daniel T. Smith 
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:    December 8, 2016    
  
    26 

EXHIBITS 
    
                     Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 

11 

Statement re: Computation of Earnings per Share. 

31 

Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a). 

32 

Certifications pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

95 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

101.INS 

XBRL Taxonomy Instance Document 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Note:  Stockholders may receive copies of the above listed exhibits, without fee, by written request to Investor Relations, Oil-Dri Corporation of America, 410 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 400, Chicago, Illinois  60611-4213, by telephone at (312) 321-1515 or by e-mail to info@oildri.com. 

27 

<EX-11>
 2
 odcex1110312016.htm
 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

Exhibit 

Exhibit 11: 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Computation of Earnings Per Share 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

1 

</EX-11>

<EX-31>
 3
 odcex3110312016.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31:  
    
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 13A -14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED  
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  
  (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  
    
           I. 
    I, Daniel S. Jaffee, certify that:  
              1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: 
    December 8, 2016 
      By: 
    /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee 
        
    Daniel S. Jaffee  
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

1 

Exhibit 31 (continued): 

Certification of a Principal Financial Officer  
  (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  
    
           I. 
    I, Daniel T. Smith, certify that:  
              1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: 
    December 8, 2016 
      By: 
    /s/ Daniel T. Smith 
        
    Daniel T. Smith  
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

2 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 odcex3210312016.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32:    
    
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATION  
    
  Certification  
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the  Company ) hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 31, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.  
    
                 Dated: 
    December 8, 2016 
      /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee 
      Name: Daniel S. Jaffee  
  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
    
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

Certification 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the  Company ) hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 31, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.  
    
                 Dated: 
    December 8, 2016 
      /s/ Daniel T. Smith 
      Name: Daniel T. Smith  
  Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
    
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 5
 odcex9510312016.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95 
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Under section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety information in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The table below includes this mine safety information for each mine facility owned and operated by Oil-Dri Corporation of America, or its subsidiaries, for the quarter ended   October 31, 2016  . Due to timing and other factors, our data may not agree with the mine data retrieval system maintained by the Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ). The columns in the table represent the total number of, and the proposed dollar assessment for, violations, citations and orders issued by MSHA during the period upon periodic inspection of our mine facilities in accordance with the referenced sections of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the  Mine Act ), described as follows: 
    
  Section 104 Significant and Substantial Violations:  Total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard. 
    
  Section 104(b) Orders:  Total number of orders issued due to a failure to totally abate, within the time period prescribed by MSHA, a violation previously cited under section 104, which results in the issuance of an order requiring the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons from the mine. 
    
  Section 104(d) Citations and Orders:  Total number of citations and orders issued for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health and safety standards.  The violation could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a safety and health hazard, but the conditions do not cause imminent danger. 
    
  Section 110(b)(2) Flagrant Violations:  Total number of flagrant violations defined as a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 
    
  Section 107(a) Imminent Danger Orders:  Total number of orders issued when an imminent danger is identified which requires all persons to be withdrawn from area(s) in the mine until the imminent danger and the conditions that caused it cease to exist. 
    
  Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments:  Each issuance of a citation or order by MSHA results in the assessment of a monetary penalty.  The total dollar value presented includes any contested penalties. 
    
  Legal Actions Pending, Initiated or Resolved:  Total number of cases pending legal action before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of the last day of the reporting period or the number of such cases initiated or resolved during the reporting period. 

We had no mining-related fatalities at any of our facilities during the three months ended   October 31, 2016  . During this period we also received no written notices from MSHA under section 104(e) of the Mine Act of (i) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards; or (ii) the potential to have such a pattern. All legal actions pending and initiated during the period were contests of proposed penalties. 
  
   1 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 odc-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 odc-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 odc-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 odc-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 odc-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 odc-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

