<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1592407_0001144204-16-132553_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5970170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73511</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>241736</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1809313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2759104</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>917544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132553.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109062306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sugar Creek Financial Corp./MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				383920636
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55170
		FILM NUMBER:		161982721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 WEST BROADWAY
		CITY:			TRENTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62293
		BUSINESS PHONE:		618 224 9228

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 WEST BROADWAY
		CITY:			TRENTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62293

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132553.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v452224_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

United States  

  Securities and Exchange Commission  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period
from _________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 0-55170 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Maryland       
      38-3920636   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of       
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)       

28 West Broadway, Trenton, Illinois    
     62293  
 
     (Address of principal executive offices)    
     (Zip Code)  

N/A  
 
     (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large
    Accelerated Filer           
      Accelerated
    Filer       

Non-Accelerated
    Filer           
      Smaller
    Reporting Company       
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)       

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes    
No     

As of October 28, 2016, the issuer had
856,720 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Form 10-Q  

  Index  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      1   
 
       Item 1.  Financial Statements   
      1   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   
      1   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   
      2   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited)   
      3   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
      4   
 
       Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      5   
 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      18   
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      29   
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      29   
 
       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
      29   
 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      29   
 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      30   
 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      30   
 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      30   
 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      30   
 
       Item 5. Other Information   
      31   
 
       Item 6. Exhibits   
      31   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      32   
 
      Exhibits  

i       

         SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets
(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Genera   l  

On April 8, 2014, Sugar
Creek Financial Corp., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), became the holding company for Tempo Bank (the  Bank )
upon completion of the  second-step  conversion of the Bank from a mutual holding company structure to a stock holding
company structure (the Conversion ). The Conversion involved the sale by the Company of 535,127 shares of common stock in
a subscription and community offering, including shares purchased by the Bank s employee stock ownership plan, the exchange
of 414,118 shares of common stock after consideration of fractional shares of the Company for shares of common stock of the former
Sugar Creek Financial Corp. ( old Sugar Creek ) held by persons other than Sugar Creek MHC (the  MHC ),
and the elimination of old Sugar Creek and the MHC. Net proceeds received from the reorganization and stock offering totaled $2,614,275,
net of costs of $929,802, common stock acquired by the Bank s Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) of $299,670
and the contribution of cash from the MHC of $98,382. 

The Bank is a community
oriented financial institution that provides traditional financial services within the areas it serves. The Bank is engaged primarily
in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using these funds to originate one- to four-family residential
mortgage loans located in the Clinton, St. Clair, and Madison County, Illinois area. Further, operations of the Bank are managed
and financial performance is evaluated on an institution-wide basis. As a result, all of the Bank s operations are considered
by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. The Bank has no subsidiaries. 

Accounting
Standards Codification   

The Financial Accounting
Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) is the officially recognized
source of authoritative U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) applicable to all public and non-public
non-governmental entities. Rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) under
the authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative U.S. GAAP for SEC registrants. All other accounting
literature is considered non-authoritative. Citing particular content in the ASC involves specifying the unique numeric path to
the content through the Topic, Subtopic, Section and Paragraph structure. 

Interim
Financial Statements   

The consolidated financial
statements of the Company at September 30, 2016 and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared
in conformity with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and predominant practices followed by the financial services industry
and are unaudited. In management s opinion, the interim data at September 30, 2016 and for the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 include all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement
of the results of the interim periods. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the
results of operations to be expected for the full year. 

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tempo Bank. The Company s principal business
is the business of the Bank. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Use
of Estimates   

The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the consolidated balance sheet dates
and income and expenses for the periods covered. Actual results could differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions.
A material estimate that is particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relates to the determination of the
allowance for loan losses. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Note 2. Earnings (loss) per Share  

Earnings (loss) per
share ( EPS ) are based upon the weighted-average shares outstanding. ESOP shares, which have been committed to be
released, are considered outstanding. Unvested restricted stock awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are participating
securities and are included in the EPS computation using the two-class method. Prior period EPS data is adjusted retrospectively. 

Note 3. Loans Receivable, Net 

Loans receivable, net, are summarized as
follows: 

The weighted-average
rate on loans was 4.10% and 4.19% at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The risk characteristics
of each loan portfolio segment are as follows: 

Single-family,
owner occupied  

Single-family,
owner occupied loans are underwritten based on the applicant s employment and credit history and the appraised value of the
property. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic
conditions in their market areas, such as unemployment levels. Repayment can also be impacted by changes in property values on
residential properties. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large
number of borrowers. 

Single-family,
non-owner occupied  

Single-family,
non-owner occupied loans carry greater inherent risks than single-family, owner occupied loans, since the repayment ability of
the borrower is reliant on the adequacy of the income generated from the property. 

Multi-family,
5 or more units  

Multi-family
real estate loans are typically secured by apartment complexes. These loans typically have larger loan balances and involve a greater
degree of risk than single-family residential mortgage loans. Payments on loans secured by income producing properties often depend
on successful operation and management of the properties. 

Commercial
real estate  

Commercial
real estate loans are secured primarily by office buildings and various income-producing properties. Commercial real estate loans
are underwritten based on the economic viability of the property and creditworthiness of the borrower, with emphasis given to projected
cash flow as a percentage of debt service requirements. These loans carry significant credit risks as they involve larger balances
concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Repayment of loans secured by income-producing properties generally
depends on the successful operation of the real estate project and may be subject to a greater extent to adverse market conditions
and the general economy. 

Land  

Land loans
are secured by unimproved land with terms of fifteen years or less and loan amounts that do not exceed 85% of the lesser of the
appraised value or the purchase price. Loans secured by unimproved land generally involve greater risks than residential mortgage
lending because land loans are more difficult to evaluate and the marketability of the underlying property may also be adversely
affected in a high interest rate environment or adverse conditions in the real estate market or economy. 

Consumer  

Consumer
loans include automobile, signature and other consumer loans. Potential credit risks include rapidly depreciable assets, such as
automobiles, which could adversely affect the value of the collateral. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following presents by portfolio
segment, the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following presents by portfolio segment,
the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following presents by portfolio segment,
the recorded investment in loans and impairment method at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016: 

A loan is considered
impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on current information and events,
it is probable the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of
the loan. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following presents
impaired loans and allocated valuation allowances based upon class levels and average recorded investment: 

The average recorded
investment on impaired loans for the six months ended September 30, 2016 included: single-family, owner occupied dwellings of $546,953,
single-family, non-owner occupied dwellings of $202,162, and consumer of $9,764. 

The average recorded
investment on impaired loans for the six months ended September 30, 2015 included: single-family, owner occupied dwellings of $624,220
and single-family, non-owner occupied dwellings of $206,434. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following presents nonperforming loans
based upon class level at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016: 

For the six months
ended September 30, 2016, gross interest income that would have been recorded had the impaired loans been current in accordance
with their original terms was $16,357. There was interest income of $11,029 recognized on such loans for the six months ended September
30, 2016. 

There were two consumer
loans of $9,764 modified as troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following presents
a summary of accruing TDRs at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016, the recorded investment
in single-family, real estate loans that are in the process of foreclosure according to the local jurisdiction requirement was
$65,144. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following presents the Bank's loan
portfolio aging analysis: 

The Bank classifies
loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current
financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among
other factors. Generally, smaller dollar consumer loans are excluded from this grading process and are reflected in the Pass category.
The delinquency trends of these consumer loans are monitored on a homogeneous basis. 

The Bank uses the following
definitions for risk ratings: 

The Pass asset quality
rating encompasses assets that have performed as expected. With the exception of some smaller consumer and residential loans, these
assets do not have delinquency. Loans assigned this rating include loans to borrowers possessing solid credit quality with acceptable
risk.  

The Special Mention
asset quality rating encompasses assets that have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left
uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan. Special mention assets
are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. This grade
is intended to include loans to borrowers whose credit quality has clearly deteriorated and where risk of further decline is possible
unless active measures are taken to correct the situation.  

The Substandard asset
quality rating encompasses assets that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or
of the collateral pledged, if any; assets having a well-defined weakness based upon objective evidence; assets characterized by
the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected; or the possibility that liquidation
will not be timely. Loans categorized in this grade possess a well-defined credit weakness and the likelihood of repayment from
the primary source is uncertain.  Significant financial deterioration has occurred and very close attention is warranted to
ensure the full repayment without loss.  Collateral coverage may be marginal. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Doubtful asset quality
rating encompasses assets that have all of the weaknesses of those classified as substandard.  In addition, these weaknesses
make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and
improbable. 

The Loss asset quality
rating encompasses assets that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets is not warranted.
A loss classification does not mean that an asset has no recovery or salvage value; instead, it means that it is not practical
or desirable to defer writing off or reserving all or a portion of a basically worthless asset, even though partial recovery may
be realized in the future. 

The following presents
the credit risk profile for the Bank's loan portfolio based upon rating category: 

Note 4. Income Taxes  

The effective tax rate was 24.2% for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 66.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was 37.2%, compared to 35.3% for the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 5. Stockholders  Equity and Regulatory Capital
Requirements  

The Bank may not declare or pay a cash
dividend, if the effect of such dividends would be to cause the capital of the Bank to be reduced below the aggregate amount required
by federal law or regulation. The Company may pay a dividend, if and when declared by its Board of Directors, in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations. 

Any repurchases of the Company s common
stock will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. On November 12, 2015, the Board of Directors of the
Company authorized the repurchase of up to $1.1 million of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. During the
year ended March 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 83,750 shares of common stock at an average price of $11.86 per share. During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 8,775 shares of common stock at an average price of $11.49 per
share. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The Bank is
subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital
requirements can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could
have a direct material effect on the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines, the Bank must meet specific
capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated
under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital amounts and classifications are also subject to quantitative judgments
by the regulators about components, risk-weightings and other factors. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Bank met all
capital adequacy requirements. 

On July 9,
2013, the OCC approved rules that amended the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Company and Bank. The rules include new
minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which became effective January 1, 2015. The new minimum capital level requirements
applicable to the Company and Bank are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8% (unchanged from prior rules);
and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%. The rules also establish a  capital conservation buffer  of 2.5% above the
new regulatory minimum capital ratios, and resulting in the following ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%,
(ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.5%; and, (iii) a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.5%.
The Tier 1 leverage ratio was unchanged at 4.0%. The new capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning in
January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and would increase each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution
will be subject to further limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if
its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income
that could be utilized for such actions. The Company is exempt from the  Basel III  rules. 

The Bank is
also subject to the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the most recent
notifications from the regulatory agencies categorized the Bank as well capitalized. To be categorized as well capitalized, the
Bank must maintain minimum capital standards for total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier
1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following tables. There are no conditions or events since the aforementioned notifications
that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

The Bank s actual and required capital
amounts and ratios under  Basel III  are summarized as follows: 

(1)
Includes transition of capital conservation buffer. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

(1)
Includes transition of capital conservation buffer. 

Note 6. Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk  

The Company is a party
to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.
These financial instruments typically include commitments to originate mortgage loans. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. 

The Company s
maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the borrower is represented by the contractual amount and related
accrued interest receivable of those instruments. 

The Company
mitigates this risk by evaluating each borrower s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Generally, collateral held by
the Company consists of a first or second mortgage on the borrower s property. At September 30, 2016, there were six loan
commitments outstanding of $1,008,000. 

Note 7. Concentration of Credit Risk  

The Bank originates
loans to the general public, which includes military personnel and civilian employees of Scott Air Force Base, located in Belleville,
Illinois. This concentration of credit risk could unfavorably impact the level of credit risk of the Bank should events occur,
such as employment curtailments, temporary layoffs or other events. Management believes that the secured nature of the majority
of these loans mitigates this risk based upon current economic conditions. 

Note 8. Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value of Financial
Instruments  

Fair Value Measurements

Fair value
is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
assets or liabilities (the  inputs ) into three broad levels. 

The fair
value hierarchy gives the highest priority (Level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and
the lowest priority (Level 3) to unobservable inputs in which little, if any, market activity exists, requiring entities to develop
their own assumptions and data. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in market areas that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks and default rates) or inputs that are
derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Valuation
Techniques  

Available
for sale securities are carried at fair value utilizing Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. For debt securities, the Company obtains fair
value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer
quotes, live trading levels, trade execution data, cash flows, market consensus prepayment speeds, market spreads, credit information
and the U.S. Treasury yield curve. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company did not have any available for sale securities. 

Impaired
loans are carried at fair value utilizing Level 3 inputs, consisting of appraisals of underlying collateral (collateral method)
adjusted for selling costs (unobservable input) and discounted cash flow analysis. See note 3. 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  

Assets measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 include impaired loans of $755,931 and $686,919, respectively,
utilizing Level 3 inputs. The impaired loans are collateral dependent. 

Following is a summary of the activity in
the allowance for losses on impaired loans, including TDRs: 

Nonfinancial
assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include foreclosed real estate which amounted to $397,396 at September 30,
2016 and $593,762 at March 31, 2016. Foreclosed real estate is initially recorded at fair value utilizing Level 2 units based
on observable market data less costs to sell, establishing a new cost basis.   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The carrying amount,
fair value and the financial hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments are summarized in the following table. Fair
values of financial instruments have been estimated by the Company based upon available market information with the assistance
of an independent consultant. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following methods and assumptions were
used in estimating the fair values shown above: 

Cash and cash equivalents are valued at
their carrying amounts due to the relatively short period to maturity of instruments.    

Stock in FHLB of Chicago is valued at cost, which represents historical redemption value and
approximates fair value.   

Fair values for the loan portfolio, certificates of deposit and advances from the FHLBC are computed
using an analysis which considers the amount and timing of all future cash flows of the underlying instruments discounted at current
market rates.   

Fair values of non-maturing deposits, such as checking, NOW, savings and money market deposit accounts,
are computed using an analysis which uses decay rates to estimate the amount and timing of all future cash flows of the underlying
instruments, which are discounted at current market rates.   

The carrying amounts of accrued interest receivable and payable approximate fair value.   

Off-balance
sheet assets include the commitments to extend credit for which fair values were estimated based on interest rates and fees currently
charged to enter into similar transactions. As a result of the short-term nature of the outstanding commitments, the fair values
of fees on those commitments approximate the amount collected and the Company has not assigned a value to such instruments for
purpose of this disclosure. 

There were
no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 categorizations and into or out of Level 3 categorization during the periods presented. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

Management s
discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations at September 30, 2016 and for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is intended to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The
information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) and
the notes thereto, appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this report and the Consolidated Financial Statements (Audited) and the notes
thereto, appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project, 
 believe,   intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect, 
 will,   may  and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;   

statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and
investment portfolios; and 

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

These forward-looking
statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject
to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. We are under no duty to and
do not take any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-Q, except as may be required
under applicable law. 

The following factors,
among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the
forward-looking statements: 

general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected;   

competition among depository and other financial institutions; 

changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial
instruments;   

adverse changes in the securities markets; 

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including
changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements;   

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities;   

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;   

changes in our organization, compensation and benefit
plans; 

changes in our financial condition or results of operations
that reduce capital; and 

changes in the financial condition or future prospects
of issuers of securities that we own. 

Because of these and
a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these
forward-looking statements. 

Overview-General  

Our principal business
is to acquire deposits from individuals and businesses in the communities surrounding our offices and to use these deposits to
fund loans. We focus on providing our products and services to two segments of customers: individuals and small businesses. At
September 30, 2016, we had total assets of $95.5 million, net loans of $81.0 million, total deposits of $77.5 million and stockholders 
equity of $12.3 million. 

Income.  Our
primary source of income is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is the income
that we earn on our loans and investments, and interest expense, which is the interest that we pay on our deposits and borrowings.
Changes in levels of interest rates affect our net interest income. 

A secondary source
of income is noninterest income, which is revenue that we receive from providing products and services. The majority of our noninterest
income generally comes from loan service charges and service charges on deposit accounts. 

Expenses.  The
noninterest expenses we incur in operating our business consist of compensation and benefits expenses, occupancy expenses, equipment
and data processing expenses, FDIC premiums, costs from operation of foreclosed real estate, professional and regulatory fees and
other miscellaneous expenses, legal and accounting fees and expenses of stockholder communications and meetings. 

Our largest noninterest
expense is compensation and benefits, which consist primarily of salaries and wages paid to our employees, payroll taxes, expenses
for health insurance, retirement plans and other employee benefits, including employee stock ownership plan allocations. 

Critical Accounting Policy  

In the preparation of our financial statements,
we have adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described
in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Certain accounting
policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by us that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets
and liabilities. We consider these accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions we use
are based on historical experience and other factors, which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
could differ from these judgments and estimates under different conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact
on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Allowance for Loan
Losses.  We consider the allowance for loan losses to be our critical accounting policy. The allowance for loan losses is the
amount estimated by management as necessary to cover probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date.
The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged to operations. Determining the amount of the
allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material estimates required to establish the
allowance are: loss exposure at default; the amount and timing of future cash flows on impacted loans; value of collateral; and
determination of qualitative loss factors to be applied to the various segments of the portfolio. All of these estimates are susceptible
to significant change. Management reviews the level of the allowance at least quarterly. The allowance consists of allocated and
general components. The allocated component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired, for which the carrying
value of the loan exceeds the fair value of the collateral or the present value of expected future cash flows, or loans otherwise
adversely classified. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on the historical loan loss experience for generally
the last three years, including adjustments to historical loss experience, maintained to cover uncertainties that affect the Company s
estimate of probable losses for each loan type. The adjustments to historical loss experience are based on evaluation of several
factors, including primarily changes in lending policies and procedures; changes in collection, charge-off and recovery practices;
changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio; changes in the volume and severity of nonperforming loans; the existence
and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; and changes in current, national and
local economic and business conditions. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance
for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions
used in making the evaluation. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ), as an integral part
of its examination process, periodically reviews our allowance for loan losses. Such agency may require us to recognize adjustments
to the allowance based on its judgments about information available to it at the time of its examination. A large loss could deplete
the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would adversely affect earnings. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016  

Cash and Cash Equivalents.  Cash
and cash equivalents decreased $3.3 million to $11.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $14.6 million at March 31, 2016 primarily
as a result of increased loan originations since March 31, 2016. 

Loans.  The largest
segment of our loan portfolio is single-family owner occupied residential real estate loans. At September 30, 2016, single-family,
owner occupied residential real estate loans totaled $65.9 million, or 81.1% of total loans, compared to $63.6 million, or 80.1%
of total loans at March 31, 2016. The increase in single-family owner occupied residential real estate loans is the result
of new originations exceeding repayments. 

Single-family non-owner
occupied residential real estate loans, the second largest segment of our loan portfolio, totaled $9.2 million, or 11.3% of total
loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $9.0 million, or 11.4% of total loans, at March 31, 2016. Single-family non-owner
occupied residential real estate loan balances increased due to new originations exceeding repayments. 

Multi-family and commercial
real estate loans totaled $3.5 million, or 4.3% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $3.6 million, or 4.5% of total
loans, at March 31, 2016. Reductions in these loan segments were a result of repayments by borrowers largely as a result of
the competitive environment for financing these types of mortgage loans. 

Consumer loan balances
totaled $1.8 million, or 2.2% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million, or 2.5% of total loans, at March 31,
2016. The reduction in consumer loans was a primary result of repayments by borrowers and to a lesser extent by competitive dealer
financing offers. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Land loan balances
totaled $909,000, or 1.1% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $1.2 million, or 1.5% of total loans, at March 31,
2016. The reduction in this segment of the portfolio is a result of payments and prepayments net of new originations since March
31, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
fixed-rate loans, balloon loans and adjustable-rate loans totaled $42.4 million, $38.9 million and $10,600, respectively. A balloon
mortgage is a mortgage that does not fully amortize over the term of the loan, and therefore, a large portion of the principal
balance is repaid with a single payment at the end of its term. 

Loan originations for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.6 million to $5.2 million, from $3.6 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase is attributable to a better residential real estate sales market. 

Investments. 
At September 30, 2016, our investment portfolio totaled $1.2 million and consisted solely of our investment in the FHLBC stock.
Our investment in FHLBC stock was unchanged from March 31, 2016. At September 30, 2016, excess or voluntary FHLB stock increased
to $879,214 from $569,614 at March 31, 2016. The increase of $309,600 in excess or voluntary FHLB stock was due to reductions in
membership and borrowing activity requirements. 

Other Assets. 
Other assets totaled $224,000 at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $98,000 from March 31, 2016. The decrease over the period was
due primarily to a lower prepaid multi-employer plan benefit expense and the timing of other prepaid items. 

Deposits.  Deposits
totaled $77.5 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $1.4 million from March 31, 2016. This decrease in balances occurred
in certificates of deposit and attributed to local competitive rates being offered for certificates of deposit. Our deposit base
is comprised of noninterest-bearing NOW accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit.
We consider our deposit accounts other than certificates of deposit to be core deposits. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016,
the Bank had no brokered deposits. 

Borrowings.  We
utilize FHLBC advances to supplement our supply of funds for loans. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 there were
no new advances or repayments made. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

General.  Net
earnings of $30,000 were recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with a net loss of $4,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net earnings was primarily due to an increase in interest income and a reduction
in noninterest expense. 

Total
Interest Income.   Total interest income increased $31,000 to $850,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.
The increase was due primarily to higher interest income on loans receivable as a result of higher average loan balances. 

Total
Interest Expense .    Total interest expense decreased $4,000 to $222,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 from $226,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease resulted primarily from lower money market rates
and balances. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Bank had a $5.0 million fixed rate FHLB advance that carries an effective interest rate of 4.78% and matures February 13, 2017.
The advance was obtained in a substantially higher interest rate environment. The Bank has not prepaid the advance because it would
involve a substantial penalty. 

Net
Interest Income .    Net interest income increased $35,000 to $628,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $593,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is due primarily to higher interest income on loans receivable. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Provision for Loan
Losses.  We establish provisions for loan losses which are charged to operations at a level we believe to be appropriate to
our credit risk profile. These provisions represent management s best estimate of probable loan losses in the portfolio.
In evaluating the allowance for loan losses, management considers historical loss experience, the composition of the loan portfolio,
adverse situations that might impact a borrower s ability to repay the loan, the value of the underlying collateral, and
other information, including the level of nonaccrual loans. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did
not record a loss provision. The effects of the economic downturn and unemployment appear to have begun to moderate in our market
area, and while delinquencies are still an issue to be monitored, employment in the local area is improving and recent increases
in home sale prices are improving collateral values. 

Average Balances
and Yields.  The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar
amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on
average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting average yields and costs, and are annualized. The yields and costs for
the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively,
for the periods presented. For purposes of this table, average balances are calculated using daily balances for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and nonaccrual loans are included in average balances only. Loan fees are included in interest
income on loans and are insignificant. None of the income reflected in the following table is tax-exempt income. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Noninterest Income. 
Noninterest income includes service charges on deposit accounts, loan service charges, and other income. Total noninterest income
was $33,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $30,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Noninterest Expense .  
Noninterest expense consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, equipment and data processing, occupancy, FDIC premium
expense and other noninterest expenses. Total noninterest expense was $621,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $634,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $13,000 in noninterest expense is attributed to lower
other noninterest expense. Other noninterest expense decreased due primarily to lower supplies expense and public company related
costs. 

Income Taxes. 
Income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $10,000 compared to a tax benefit of $7,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in tax expense is primarily attributable to higher pre-tax earnings. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Results of Operations for the Six Months
Ended September 30, 2015 and 2014  

General.  Net
earnings for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $64,000 and $41,000, respectively. The increase in net earnings
was primarily due to an increase in interest income on loans receivable. 

Total Interest Income. 
Total interest income increased $58,000 to $1.7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to $1.6 million
for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due primarily to the effects of higher loan originations, increased
dividends on FHLB stock and higher returns on other interest-earning assets. While the average yield (annualized) of the loan portfolio
decreased to 4.17% for the six months ended September 30, 2015 from 4.33% for the same period in 2015, the average yield (annualized)
on total interest-earning assets was 3.59% and unchanged for the same period in 2015. 

Total Interest Expense. 
Total interest expense increased $16,000 to $446,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $430,000 for the six months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was a result of the local competitive market forces for acquiring certificates of deposits. 

The Bank has a $5 million
fixed rate advance that carries an interest rate of 4.78% and matures February 13, 2017. The advance was obtained in a substantially
higher interest rate environment. The Bank has not prepaid the advance because it would involve a substantial penalty. 

Net Interest Income. 
Net interest income increased $42,000 to $1.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.2 million for the six
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is due primarily to higher interest income on loans receivable. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The following table
summarizes average balances and average yields and costs for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Yields are annualized. 

Provision for Loan
Losses.  For the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank did not record a provision for loan losses. During the six months
ended September 30, 2015, the Bank recorded a net credit to the provision for loan losses of $11,700. The effects of the economic
downturn and unemployment appear to have begun to moderate in our market area. While delinquencies are still an issue, employment
in the local area has improved and recent increases in home sale prices are improving collateral values. 

Noninterest
Income.  Noninterest income includes service charges on deposit accounts, loan service charges, and other income. Total noninterest
income increased $4,000 for the six month period ended September 30, 2016 to $68,000 from $64,000 for the six months ended September
30, 2015 due primarily to higher service charges on deposit accounts. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Noninterest Expense. 
Noninterest expense primarily consists of compensation and employee benefits, equipment and data processing, occupancy, FDIC premium
expense and other expenses. Total noninterest expense decreased $3,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Compensation and benefit
expense increased $19,000 to $667,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $648,000 for the comparable period in 2015.
The increase was due to increased compensation and health care costs partially offset by a decrease in multi-employer plan benefit
expense. 

Advertising expense
decreased $6,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $18,000 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease is related
primarily to a change in the Bank s advertising focus from traditional forms such as yellow pages and newspapers to more
electronic and social media venues. 

Other noninterest expense
decreased $18,000 to $138,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $156,000 for the six months ended September 30,
2015 due primarily to lower public company related costs and supplies expense. 

Income Taxes. 
Income tax expense for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $38,000 compared to $22,000 for the six months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in tax expense is primarily attributable to higher pre-tax income. 

Analysis of Nonperforming and Classified
Assets.  

We consider foreclosed
real estate, repossessed assets, nonaccrual loans and accruing troubled debt restructurings to be nonperforming assets. Loans are
generally placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days delinquent at which time the accrual of interest ceases and the
allowance for any uncollectible accrued interest is established and charged against operations. Typically, payments received on
a nonaccrual loan are applied to the outstanding principal and interest as determined at the time of collection of the loan. There
were no changes in our nonaccrual loan policy during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Troubled debt restructurings
are loans where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. 

Real estate that we
acquire as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned until it is sold. When
property is acquired it is recorded at fair market value at the date of foreclosure less estimated selling costs. Holding costs
and declines in fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income. 

Nonperforming Assets  

Nonaccrual loans at
September 30, 2016 consisted of one single-family, owner-occupied dwelling in the amount of $65,000. 

Accruing troubled debt
restructurings were $691,000 at September 30, 2016 and $687,000 at March 31, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
there were no other loans known to management which caused management to have serious concerns as to the ability of the borrowers
to comply with present loan repayment terms and which may result in disclosure as nonaccrual, 90 days past due or impaired. 

See Note 3 to our unaudited
consolidated financial statements for a description by loan category of our classified assets as of September 30, 2016 and March
31, 2016. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Liquidity and Capital Management  

Liquidity Management .  
Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds
consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, and borrowings from the FHLBC. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans
are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic
conditions and competition. 

We regularly adjust
our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields
available on interest-earning deposits and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management policy. 

Our most liquid assets
are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities
during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $11.3 million. At September 30, 2016, the Bank
had $5.0 million in FHLBC advances outstanding. 

In addition, an unsecured
open line credit of $2.0 million exists with Quad City Bank and Trust, Davenport, Iowa. The establishment of this credit line is
in conjunction with the Bank s liquidity and contingency funding plans. 

A significant use of
our liquidity is the funding of loan originations. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had six loan commitments outstanding totaling
$1.0 million to finance five single-family, owner occupied residence loans and one land loan. Another significant use of our liquidity
is the funding of deposit withdrawals. Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $11.4 million,
or 29.6% of certificates of deposit. The large percentage of certificates of deposit that mature within one year reflects customers 
hesitancy to invest their funds for long periods in the recent low interest rate environment. If these maturing deposits do not
remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit and borrowings. Depending
on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the
certificates of deposit due on or before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion
of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest
rates offered. 

The Company is a separate
legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. The Company s ability to pay cash dividends may depend,
in part, upon its receipt of dividends from Tempo Bank because Sugar Creek Financial has no source of income other than earnings
from the $651,000 held in overnight Fed Funds and Fed excess balances accounts. Payment of cash dividends on capital stock by a
savings and loan holding company is limited by Federal Reserve Board regulations. At September 30, 2016, the Company (on an unconsolidated
basis) had liquid assets of $658,000. 

On November 12, 2015,
the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to $1.1 million of the outstanding shares of the Company's
common stock. The Company intends to conduct any repurchases through open market purchases by means of a trading plan adopted under
SEC Rule 10b5-1, subject to market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact dollar amount or number
of shares that the Company may repurchase. At September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 92,525 shares in the amount of just
under $1.1 million at an average price $11.78 per share. 

Our primary investing
activity is the origination of loans. Our primary financing activities consist of activity in deposit accounts and FHLB advances.
Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the rates paid and products offered by us and our local competitors
and several other factors. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to be competitive. 

Capital
Management.  Th e Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the OCC, including a risk-based
capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted
assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. At September 30, 2016, the Bank
exceeded all of its regulatory capital requirements. The Bank is considered  well capitalized  under regulatory guidelines.
See note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

The Bank may not declare
or pay a cash dividend, if the effect of such dividends would be to cause the capital of the Bank to be reduced below the aggregate
amount required by federal or state law. The Company may pay a dividend, if and when declared by its Board of Directors, in accordance
with applicable law and regulations. Any repurchases of the Company s common stock will be conducted in accordance with applicable
laws and regulations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course
of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, are not recorded in our financial
statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions
are used primarily to manage customers  requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and lines of credit. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The provisions of ASU 2016-02 was issued to increase transparency
and comparability among entities by requiring lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and
obligations created by leases and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)-Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 
The provisions of ASU 2016-09 simplify several aspects for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences,
forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and classifications of the income tax effects of certain share-based payment
transactions in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 eliminates equity treatment for tax benefits or deficiencies that result
from differences between compensation costs recognized for GAAP purposes and the related tax deduction and require such differences
be recognized as income tax expense. Since excess tax benefits are no longer recognized in additional paid-in capital, the assumed
proceeds from applying the treasury stock method will exclude the amount of excess tax benefits when calculating earnings per share.
Under ASU 2016-09, forfeitures can be estimated and considered in the accrual of compensation expense, as in current practice,
or accounted for as they occur. In addition, for awards to qualify as equity instruments the employer must have a statutory obligation
to withhold taxes on the employee s behalf and the withholdings cannot exceed the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable
jurisdictions. Excess tax benefits are now classified as operating activities and cash paid by an employer when directly withholding
shares for tax-withholding purposes is classified as a financing activity. Since the Company qualifies as an emerging growth company,
ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326).  The provisions of ASU 2016-13 was issued
to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments
that are not accounted for at fair value through net income, including loans held for investment, held-to-maturity debt securities,
trade and other receivables, net investment in leases and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each
reporting date. ASU 2016-13 requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to
be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The amendments in ASU 2016-13
eliminate the probable initial recognition in current GAAP and reflect an entity s current estimate of all expected credit
losses. The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable
forecasts that affect the collectibility of the financial assets. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

For purchased financial
assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination ( PCD assets ) that are measured
at amortized cost, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price rather than being reported as a credit
loss expense. Subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses on PCD assets are recognized through the statement of income
as a credit loss expense. 

Credit losses relating
to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a direct write-down
to the security. 

Since the Company qualifies
as an emerging growth company, ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Effect of Inflation and Changing
Prices   

The financial statements
and related financial data presented in this quarterly report have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require the
measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative
purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased
operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary
in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance
than do general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the
prices of goods and services. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded
that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

The Company is subject
to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, we are not a party to any pending
legal proceeding, except as disclosed in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 2016 Annual Report
on Form 10-K, that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds 

(a)  Not applicable.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  The following table presents information regarding stock repurchases by the Company during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016:   

(1)  The maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased
under the plans or programs is the equivalent of the remaining cash set aside for repurchase divided by the average share price
for all purchases made to date and rounded to the nearest 100 shares. 

On November 12, 2015,
the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to $1.1 million worth of the outstanding shares of the Company's
common stock. The Company intends to conduct any repurchases through open market purchases by means of a trading plan adopted under
SEC Rule 10b5-1, subject to market conditions and other factors. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

Item 5. Other Information 

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

3.1  Articles of Amendment and Restatement to Articles of Incorporation of Sugar Creek Financial Corp. (1)    

3.2  Bylaws of Sugar Creek Financial Corp. (2)  

4.0  Form of Common Stock Certificates of Sugar Creek Financial
Corp. (2)  

10.1  Employment Agreement between Sugar Creek Financial Corp. and Robert J. Stroh, Jr. (3)    

10.2  Employment Agreement between Tempo Bank and Robert
J. Stroh, Jr. (3)  

10.3  Employment Agreement between Sugar Creek Financial Corp. and Francis J. Eversman (3)    

10.4  Employment Agreement between Tempo Bank and Francis
J. Eversman (3)  

32.0  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.0  The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted
in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations,
(iii) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

(1)  Incorporated by reference into this document from the exhibits filed with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended December 31, 2013.   

(2)  Incorporated by reference into this document from
the exhibits filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-192700), and amendments thereto. 

(3)  Incorporated by reference into this document from the exhibits filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 30,
2014.   

(4)  Incorporated by reference into this document from Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders.   

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

SUGAR CREEK FINANCIAL
    CORP.   

Date:     November
    9, 2016       
       /s/
    Robert J. Stroh, Jr.    

Robert J. Stroh, Jr.   

Chief Executive Officer
    and Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.0>
 2
 v452224_ex31-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.0

Exhibit 31.0  

  Certification of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Robert J. Stroh, Jr. certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sugar Creek Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016    
      /s/ Robert J. Stroh,
    Jr.   

Robert J. Stroh, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.0>

<EX-32.0>
 3
 v452224_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

Exhibit 32.0  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Robert J. Stroh, Jr.,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Sugar Creek Financial Corp., (the  Company ), certifies in
his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the best of his knowledge: 

1.    the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.    the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 9, 2016    
      /s/ Robert J. Stroh,
    Jr.   

Robert J. Stroh, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title
18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 sugr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sugr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sugr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sugr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sugr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sugr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

