<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1269026_0001493152-16-014841_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3220453</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84048</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>211275</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>691646</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1340761</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>830731</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014841.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114092737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014841
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMEDICA Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001269026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33624
		FILM NUMBER:		161991197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1885 WEST 2100 STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-839-3516

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1885 WEST 2100 STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMEDICA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014841.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
D.C. 20549        

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)    

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

OR

Commission
File Number 001-33624    

Amedica
Corporation   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

(801)
839-3500    

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes  [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files); Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   

Non-accelerated
        filer   
          
          [  ]
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
          
          Smaller
        reporting company   
          
          [X]    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): [  ] Yes [X]
No  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  

26,402,501
shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, were outstanding at November 7, 2016  

Amedica
Corporation    

Table
of Contents    

Part I. Financial Information   
     3    
 
       Item 1. Financial Statements   
     3    
 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited)   
     3    
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited)   
     4    
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited)   
     5    
 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     6    
 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     14  
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     21    
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
     21    
 
       Part II. Other Information   
     22    
 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
       22  
 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       22  
 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       22  
 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
       22  
 
       Item 5. Other Information   
       22  
 
       Item 6. Exhibits   
     22  
 
       Signatures   
     23    

PART
I. Financial Information   

Item
1. Financial Statements        

Amedica
Corporation    

    Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets - Unaudited  

   (in
thousands, except share and per share data)    

See
accompanying notes.    

Amedica
Corporation    

     Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - Unaudited   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share data)    

See
accompanying notes.    

Amedica
Corporation    

     Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Unaudited   

   (in
thousands)    

See
accompanying notes.    

AMEDICA
CORPORATION    

     NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   (Unaudited)

1.
Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Organization

Amedica
Corporation ( Amedica  or  the Company ) was incorporated in the state of Delaware on December 10, 1996.
Amedica is a materials company focused on developing, manufacturing and selling silicon nitride ceramics that are used in medical
implants and in a variety of industrial devices. At present, Amedica commercializes silicon nitride in the spine implant market.
The Company believes that its silicon nitride manufacturing expertise positions it favorably to introduce new and innovative devices
in the medical and non- medical fields. Amedica also believes that it is the first and only company to commercialize silicon nitride
medical implants. The Company acquired US Spine, Inc. ( US Spine ), a Delaware spinal products corporation with operations
in Florida, on September 20, 2010. The Company s products are sold primarily in the United States.  

Basis
of Presentation    

These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Such rules and regulations allow the omission of certain information
and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States, so long as the statements are not misleading. In the opinion of management, these financial statements
and accompanying notes contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial
position and results of operations for the periods presented herein. These condensed consolidated financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2016. The results of operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December
31, 2016. The Company s significant accounting policies are set forth in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

In
accordance with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03, the Company s debt issuance costs
have been reclassified to be presented in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as a direct reduction from the debt liability
rather than as an asset.  

The
following is a reconciliation of the effect of these reclassifications on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
at December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S.
GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of the more significant estimates relate
to inventory, stock-based compensation, long-lived and intangible assets and the liability for preferred stock and common stock
warrants.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred a net loss of $12.8 million and $21.4 million, respectively,
and used cash in operations of $5.3 million and $7.1 million, respectively. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $209.3 million
and $196.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. To date, the Company s operations have been
principally financed from proceeds from the issuance of preferred and common stock, convertible debt and bank debt and, to a lesser
extent, cash generated from product sales. It is anticipated that the Company will continue to generate operating losses and use
cash in operations through 2016.  

As
discussed further in Note 7, in June 2014, the Company entered into a term loan with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc.
( Hercules Technology ), as administrative and collateral agent for the lenders thereunder and as lender, and Hercules
Technology III, LP, ( HT III  and, together with Hercules Technology,  Hercules ) as lender (the  Hercules
Term Loan ). The Hercules Term Loan has a liquidity covenant that requires the Company to maintain a cash balance of not
less than $3.5 million at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company s cash balance was approximately $10.6
million. The Company believes it will be in position to maintain compliance with the liquidity covenant related to the Hercules
Term Loan into the second quarter of 2017. To maintain compliance beyond that date, the Company would need to refinance the note
or obtain additional funding in or prior to the second quarter of 2017. If the Company is unable to refinance the note or access
additional funds prior to becoming non-compliant with the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan,
the entire remaining balance of the debt under the Hercules Term Loan could become immediately due and payable at the option of
the lender. Although the Company may seek to refinance the note or obtain additional financing, additional funding may not be
available to the Company on favorable or acceptable terms, or at all. Any additional equity financing, if available to the Company,
will most likely be dilutive to its current stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve more restrictive covenants.
The Company s ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if not achieved on a timely basis, will materially
harm its business, financial condition and results of operations. These uncertainties create substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustment has been made to our financial statements as a result of this uncertainty.  

Significant
Accounting Policies    

There
have been no significant changes to the Company s significant accounting policies as described in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

New
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) updated accounting guidance on the following eight
specific cash flow classification issues: (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt
instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement
of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance
policies; (6) distributions received from equity method investees; (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and
(8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. Current GAAP does not include specific guidance
on these eight cash flow classification issues. These updates are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact these updates will have on the Condensed Financial
Statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB updated accounting guidance rescinding certain SEC Staff Observer comments that indicated that registrants
should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (a) Revenue and Expense Recognition for
Freight Services in Process (b) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs, (c) Accounting for Consideration Given by
a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller of the Vendor s Products) (d) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements (that
is, use of the  entitlements method ). In addition, as a result of the amendments in Update 2014-16, the SEC staff
is rescinding its SEC Staff Announcement,  Determining the Nature of a Host Contract Related to a Hybrid Instrument Issued
in the Form of a Share under Topic 815,  effective concurrently with Update 2014-16. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

In
April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations;
and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The
effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in
Topic 606: The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted beginning
January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows.  

In
March 2016 the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to stock compensation. This update simplifies the accounting for employee
share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements,
as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The Company is still evaluating the impact that this standard will have
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to leases as part of a joint project with the International Accounting
Standards Board ( IASB ) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets
and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Under the new guidance,
a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for capital and operating leases with lease terms of more than 12
months. Additionally, this update will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases, including qualitative and quantitative requirements. For
public business entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this new standard
may have on its financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern. The new standard provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going concern uncertainties
in the financial statements. It requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern. The new standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The impact on the Company s financial statements of adopting the new standard is
currently being assessed by management.  

In
May 2014, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to revenue from contracts with customers, which supersedes nearly all
existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue when promised
goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled
for those goods or services. The standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment
and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, and shall be applied either retrospectively
to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the potential
impact of this adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

2.
Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share    

Basic
net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the
period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss
by the weighted-average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method.
Dilutive common stock equivalents are comprised of warrants for the purchase of common stock, convertible notes, stock options
and unvested restricted stock units. For all periods presented, there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate
basic and diluted shares outstanding because their effect would have been anti-dilutive due to the Company reporting a net loss.
The Company had potentially dilutive securities representing approximately 13.2 million and 3.0 million shares of common stock
at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

3.
Inventories    

The
components of inventory were as follows (in thousands):  

Finished
goods include consigned inventory in the amounts of approximately $3.4 million and $3.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively.  

4.
Intangible Assets    

Intangible
assets consisted of the following (in thousands):  

Based
on the recorded intangibles at September 30, 2016, the estimated amortization expense is expected to be $125,000 during the remainder
of 2016 and approximately $501,000 per year through 2021 and $333,000 thereafter.  

5.
Fair Value Measurements    

Financial
Instruments Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis    

The
Company measures and records certain financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is based on the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date, under a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as
follows:  

Level
    1  
       -  
      quoted
    market prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level
    2  
       -
      
      observable
    prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data.   

Level
    3  
       -
      
      unobservable
    inputs reflecting management s assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants.
    These valuations require significant judgment.   

The
Company classifies assets and liabilities measured at fair value in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is
significant to their fair value measurement. No financial assets were measured on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. The following tables set forth the financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level
within the fair value hierarchy at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
Company did not have any transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value measurement hierarchy
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The following table presents a reconciliation of the derivative liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:  

Common
Stock Warrants    

The
Company has issued certain warrants to purchase shares of common stock, which are considered mark-to-market liabilities and are
re-measured to fair value at each reporting period in accordance with accounting guidance.  

The
assumptions used in estimating the common stock warrant liability at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:  

Other
Financial Instruments    

The
Company s recorded values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate
their fair values based on their short-term nature. The recorded value of notes payable approximates the fair value as the interest
rate approximates market interest rates.  

6.
Accrued Liabilities    

Accrued
liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):  

7.
Debt    

Hercules
Term Loan   

On
June 30, 2014, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules which provided the Company with a $20 million
term loan. The Hercules Term Loan matures on January 1, 2018. The Hercules Term Loan included a $200,000 closing fee, which was
paid to Hercules on the closing date of the loan. The closing fee was recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized to interest
expense over the life of the loan. The Hercules Term Loan also includes a non-refundable final payment fee of $1.7 million. The
final payment fee is being accrued and recorded to interest expense over the life of the loan. The Hercules Term Loan bears interest
at the rate of the greater of either (i) the prime rate plus 9.2%, and (ii) 12.5%, and was 12.7% at September 30, 2016. Interest
accrues from the closing date of the loan and interest payments are due monthly. Principal payments commenced August 1, 2015 and
are currently being made in equal monthly installments of approximately $500,000, with the remainder due at maturity. The Company s
obligations to Hercules are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of its assets, including intellectual
property. The Hercules Term Loan contains certain covenants related to restrictions on payments to certain Company affiliates
and financial reporting requirements.  

On
September 8, 2015, the Company entered into a Consent and First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the  Amendment )
with Hercules. The Amendment modified the liquidity covenant to reduce the minimum cash balance required by $500,000 for every
$1.0 million paid in principal to a minimum of $2.5 million. The minimum cash and cash equivalents balance required to maintain
compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant at September 30, 2016 was $3.5 million. The Company believes it is in position
to maintain compliance with the liquidity covenant related to the Hercules Term Loan into the second quarter of 2017. To maintain
compliance beyond that date, the Company would need to refinance the note or obtain additional funding in or prior to the second
quarter of 2017, and has therefore classified the entire obligation as a current liability.  

See
discussion below with respect to the assignment of $3.0 million of the principal balance of the Hercules Term Loan to Riverside
Merchant Partners, LLC ( Riverside ) and the subsequent agreement between the Company and Riverside to exchange the
$3.0 million of the Hercules Term Loan held by Riverside for subordinated convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of $3.0 million.  

Magna
Note   

In
August 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Magna pursuant to which the Company sold to Magna an
unsecured promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $3.5 million (the  Magna Note ). In July 2016, the
Company paid Magna $888,000 to redeem in full the remaining principal balance and interest related to the Magna Note. The outstanding
principal amount of the Magna Note at extinguishment was $763,000. The Magna Note would have matured on August 11, 2016, and accrued
interest at an annual rate of 6.0%.  

Hercules
and Riverside Debt Exchange   

On
April 4, 2016, the Company entered into an Assignment and Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the  Assignment
Agreement ) with Riverside Merchant Partners, LLC ( Riverside ), and Hercules, pursuant to which Hercules sold
$1.0 million of the principal amount outstanding under the Hercules Term Loan to Riverside. In addition, pursuant to the terms
of the Assignment Agreement, Riverside acquired an option to purchase an additional $2.0 million of the principal amount outstanding
under the Hercules Term Loan from Hercules. On April 18, 2016, Riverside exercised and purchased an additional $1.0 million of
the principal amount of the Hercules Term Loan and on April 27, 2016, Riverside exercised the remainder of its option and purchased
an additional $1.0 million of the principal amount of the Hercules Term Loan from Hercules.  

Riverside
Debt    

On
April 4, 2016, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Riverside, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to exchange $1.0 million of the principal amount outstanding under the Hercules Term Loan held by
Riverside for a subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the  First Exchange Note )
and a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed exercise price of $1.63 per share (the  First
Exchange Warrant ) (the  Exchange ). All principal accrued under the Exchange Notes was convertible into shares
of common stock at the election of the Holder at any time at a fixed conversion price of $1.43 per share (the  Conversion
Price ). The closing stock price on April 4, 2016, was $1.63 and a beneficial conversion feature of $246,000 was recorded
to equity and as a debt discount. The warrant value of $106,000 was recorded to equity and as a debt discount.  

In
addition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement, the Company and Riverside had the option to exchange
an additional $2.0 million of the principal amount of the Hercules Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of up to $2.0 million and an additional warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock (the  Second
Exchange Warrant ). The Exchange Agreement also provided that if the volume-weighted average price of the Company s
common stock was less than the Conversion Price, the Company would issue up to an additional 150,000 shares of common stock (the
 True-Up Shares ) to Riverside, which was subsequently reduced to 140,000 shares of common stock.  

On
April 18, 2016, the Company and Riverside exercised their option to exchange an additional $1.0 million of the principal amount
of the Hercules Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the
 Second Exchange Note ). The closing stock price on April 18, 2016, was $2.02 and a beneficial conversion feature
of $413,000 was recorded to equity and as a debt discount. Additionally, on April 28, 2016, the Company and Riverside exercised
their option to exchange an additional $1.0 million of the principal amount of the Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the  Third Exchange Note ) and an additional warrant to purchase
100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed exercise price of $1.66 per share. The warrant value of $107,000
was recorded to equity and as a debt discount. The closing stock price on April 28, 2016, was $1.66 and a beneficial conversion
feature of $268,000 was recorded to equity and as a debt discount. Financing costs were $267,000 and were recorded to interest
expense. The unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount of the Hercules Term Loan exchanged were $244,000 at the time
of the exchange and were recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt related to the debt exchange. The First Exchange Note, the
Second Exchange Note and the Third Exchange Note are collectively referred to herein as the  Exchange Notes.   

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Notes, since the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock was less than
the Conversion Price on May 6, 2016, the Company issued an additional 140,000 shares of common stock to Riverside and recorded
the value of the True-Up Shares of $199,000 to interest expense and equity.  

All
principal outstanding under each of the Exchange Notes was to be due on April 3, 2018 (the  Maturity Date ). Each
of the Exchange Notes bore interest at a rate of 6% per annum, with the interest that would accrue on the initial principal amount
of the Exchange Notes during the first 12 months being guaranteed and deemed earned as of the date of issuance. Prior to the Maturity
Date, all interest accrued under the Exchange Notes was payable in cash or, if certain conditions were met, payable in shares
of common stock at the Company s option, at a conversion price of $1.34 per share. The entire principal amount of the First
and Second Exchange Notes, $300,000 of the Third Exchange Note, and the interest related to the First, Second, and Third Exchange
Notes had been converted into 1,742,718 shares of common stock. In July 2016, the Company paid Riverside $840,000 to redeem in
full the remaining principal balance of the Third Exchange Note. The debt discounts associated with the converted debt was recorded
to interest expense.  

Outstanding
long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  

The
following summarizes by year the future principal payments as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

8.
Equity    

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 536,388 shares of common stock were issued upon the cashless exercise of 1,137,365 Series
A warrants issued in September 2015 and 647 shares of common stock were issued upon warrants exercised for cash.  

1,882,718
shares of common stock were issued related to the Riverside Debt discussed in Note 7.  

In
July 2016, the Company completed a secondary offering in which the Company sold 5,258,000 Class A Units, including 1,650,000 units
sold pursuant to the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, priced at $1.00 per unit, and 7,392 Class B
Units, priced at $1,000 per unit. Each Class A Unit consisted of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share
of common stock. Each Class B Unit consisted of one share of preferred stock convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock and
warrants to purchase 1,000 shares of common stock. The securities comprising the units were immediately separable and were issued
separately. In total, the Company issued 5,258,000 shares of common stock, 7,392 shares of preferred stock convertible into 7,392,000
shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase 12,650,000 shares of common stock at a fixed exercise price of $1.00 per share.
The Company received proceeds of approximately $11.4 million, net of underwriting and other offering costs.  

The
Company raised $4.8 million associated with the Class A Units which were recorded as common stock and additional paid in capital.
The Company also raised $6.8 million associated with the Class B Units of which it allocated and recorded $3.7 million to preferred
stock and allocated $3.1 million to the warrants which were recorded to additional paid in capital. The 7,392 preferred shares
were convertible into 7,392,000 shares of common stock and had an effective conversion rate of $0.50 per share based on the proceeds
that were allocated to them. The stock price on July 8, 2016, was $0.88 per share which resulted in a fair value in excess of
carrying value of $0.38 per share or $2.5 million in total. The fair value in excess of carrying value, or beneficial conversion
feature, was recorded as an adjustments within equity (e.g., deemed dividend).  

Subsequent
to the secondary offering, all 7,392 shares of convertible preferred stock have been converted into 7,392,000 shares of common
stock. Furthermore, the Company received $446,500 and issued 446,500 shares of common stock upon the exercise of certain warrants
issued in the secondary offering.  

9.
Stock-Based Compensation    

Option
and Equity Plans    

In
May 2016, the stockholders of the Company approved a proposal to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance
under the 2012 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ) by 800,000 shares, from 342,425
to 1,142,425.  

The
total number of shares available for grant under the 2012 Plan at September 30, 2016 was 904,254.  

Stock
Options    

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

The
Company estimates the fair value of each stock option on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model, which
requires several estimates including an estimate of the fair value of the underlying common stock on grant date. The expected
volatility was based on an average of the historical volatility of a peer group of similar companies. The expected term was calculated
utilizing the simplified method. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of grant for the expected term of the option. The following weighted average assumptions were used in the calculation to estimate
the fair value of options granted to employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Summary
of Stock-Based Compensation Expense    

Total
stock-based compensation expense included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was allocated
as follows (in thousands):  

Unrecognized
stock-based compensation at September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands):  

Unrecognized Stock-  Based Compensation       
     Weighted Average  Remaining Period of  Recognition (in years)     
 
     Stock options    
     $  313       
        1.3     

10.
Commitments and Contingencies    

On
April 1, 2016, Hampshire MedTech Partners II, GP ( Hampshire GP ) filed suit against the Company in the Travis County,
Texas 200th Judicial District Court relating to a Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued to Hampshire MedTech Partners
II, LP ( Hampshire LP ) on November 6, 2014 (the  Warrant ). Hampshire GP alleges that as a result of
a subsequent financing the Company breached the anti-dilution provision of the Warrant by failing to increase the number of shares
subject to the Warrant as well as failing to reduce the exercise price of the Warrant. Hampshire GP seeks damages in excess of
$1,000,000.  

From
time to time, the Company is subject to other various claims and legal proceedings covering matters that arise in the ordinary
course of its business activities. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, operating results or cash flows.  

11.
Subsequent Events   

On
October 3, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the implementation of certain cost saving measures which included
a reduction in staff of 21 employees, or approximately 38% of the company s workforce as the result of a comprehensive business
review to improve financial performance, increase operational efficiencies and strengthen the Company s value proposition.
The implementation of the staff reduction was started on October 3, 2016 and completed on October 4, 2016. Conditional on the
execution of a release of potential claims, all employees whose employment was terminated as part of the workforce reduction were
provided with severance pay and benefits. We estimate the staff reductions will result in savings of approximately $2.0 million
in cash operating expenses on a going forward basis, with estimated one-time severance and related costs related to the restructuring
of approximately $465,000 expected to be recorded in the 4th quarter of 2016.  

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the notes thereto, along with Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements based upon current beliefs, plans, expectations, intentions and projections that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and projections. Our actual results and the timing
of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors,
including those set forth under the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, and any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.    

Overview

We
are a materials company focused on developing, manufacturing and selling silicon nitride ceramics that are used in medical implants
and in a variety of industrial devices. At present, we commercialize silicon nitride in the spine implant market. We believe that
our silicon nitride manufacturing expertise positions us favorably to introduce new and innovative devices in the medical and
non- medical fields. We also believe that we are the first and only company to commercialize silicon nitride medical implants.  

  We
have received 510(k) regulatory clearance in the United States, a CE mark in Europe, and ANVISA approval in Brazil for a number
of our devices that are designed for spinal fusion surgery. To date, more than 25,000 of our silicon nitride devices have been
implanted into patients, with an 8-year successful track record. We have a pending FDA 510(k) submission for clearance in the
United States of a novel composite spinal fusion device that combines porous and solid silicon nitride, and obviates the need
for bone grafts. The FDA recently sent us additional questions about our submission and we are currently in the process of submitting
a response.  

We
believe that silicon nitride has a superb combination of properties that make it ideally suited for human implantation. Other
biomaterials are based on bone grafts, metal alloys, and polymers; all of which have practical limitations. In contrast, silicon
nitride has a legacy of success in the most demanding and extreme industrial environments. As a human implant material, silicon
nitride offers bone ingrowth, resistance to bacterial infection, resistance to corrosion, superior strength and fracture resistance,
and ease of diagnostic imaging, among other advantages.  

We
market and sell our Valeo brand of silicon nitride implants to surgeons and hospitals in the United States and to selected markets
in Europe and South America through more than 50 independent sales distributors who are supported by an in-house sales and marketing
management team. These implants are designed for use in cervical (neck) and thoracolumbar (lower back) spine surgery. We recently
entered into a 10-year exclusive distribution agreement with Shandong Weigao Orthopaedic Device Company Limited ( Weigao )
to sell Amedica-branded silicon nitride spinal fusion devices within the People s Republic of China ( China ).
Weigao, a large orthopaedic company, has expertise in acquiring Chinese Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ) approval
of medical devices, and will assist us in obtaining regulatory approval. Weigao has committed to minimum purchase requirements
totaling 225,000 implants in the first six years following CFDA clearance. We are also working with other partners in Japan to
obtain regulatory approval for silicon nitride in that country as well.  

In
addition to our silicon nitride-based spinal fusion products, we market a line of non-silicon nitride spinal fusion products which
allows us to provide surgeons and hospitals with a broader range of products. These additional products are complementary to our
fusion products and are designed for the treatment of deformity and degenerative spinal procedures. Although our non-silicon nitride
products have accounted for approximately 51% and 48% of our product revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, we believe the continued promotion and potential for adoption of our silicon nitride products and product
candidates, if approved, provides us the greatest opportunity to grow our business in new and existing markets and achieve our
goal to become a leading biomaterial company.  

In
addition to direct sales, we have targeted original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) and private label partnerships
in order to accelerate adoption of silicon nitride, both in the spinal space, and also in future markets such as hip and knee
replacements, dental, extremities, trauma, and sports medicine. Existing biomaterials, based on plastics, metals, and bone grafts
have well-recognized limitations that we believe are addressed by silicon nitride, and we are uniquely positioned to convert existing,
successful implant designs made by other companies into silicon nitride. We believe OEM and private label partnerships will allow
us to work with a variety of partners, accelerate the adoption of silicon nitride, and realize incremental revenue at improved
operating margins, when compared to the cost-intensive direct sales model.  

We
believe that silicon nitride addresses many of the biomaterial-related limitations in fields such as hip and knee replacements,
dental implants, sports medicine, extremities, and trauma surgery. We further believe that the inherent material properties of
silicon nitride, and the ability to formulate the material in a variety of compositions, combined with precise control of the
surface properties of the material, opens up a number of commercial opportunities across orthopedic surgery, neurological surgery,
maxillofacial surgery, and other medical disciplines.  

We
operate a 30,000 square foot manufacturing facility at our corporate headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah, and we believe we are
the only vertically integrated silicon nitride medical device manufacturer in the world.  

Recent
Developments   

On
October 3, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the implementation of certain cost saving measures which included
a reduction in staff of 21 employees, or approximately 38% of the company s workforce as the result of a comprehensive business
review to improve financial performance, increase operational efficiencies and strengthen the Company s value proposition.
The implementation of the staff reduction was started on October 3, 2016 and completed on October 4, 2016. Conditional on the
execution of a release of potential claims, all employees whose employment was terminated as part of the workforce reduction were
provided with severance pay and benefits. We estimate the staff reductions will result in savings of approximately $2.0 million
in cash operating expenses on a going forward basis, with estimated one-time severance and related costs related to the restructuring
of approximately $465,000 expected to be recorded in the 4th quarter of 2016.  

Components
of our Results of Operations    

We
manage our business within one reportable segment, which is consistent with how our management reviews our business, makes investment
and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance.  

Product
Revenue    

We
derive our product revenue primarily from the sale of spinal fusion devices and related products used in the treatment of spine
disorders. Our product revenue is generated from sales to three types of customers: (1) surgeons and hospitals; (2) stocking distributors;
and (3) private label customers. Most of our products are sold on a consignment basis through a network of independent sales distributors;
however, we also sell our products to independent stocking distributors and private label customers. Product revenue is recognized
when all four of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (2) delivery of the products
has occurred; (3) the selling price of the product is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. We
generate the majority of our revenue from the sale of inventory that is consigned to independent sales distributors that sell
our products to surgeons and hospitals. For these products, we recognize revenue at the time we are notified the product has been
used or implanted and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. For all other transactions, we recognize revenue when
title and risk of loss transfer to the stocking distributor or private label customers, and all other revenue recognition criteria
have been met. We generally recognize revenue from sales to stocking distributors and private label customers at the time the
product is shipped to the distributor. Stocking distributors and private label customers, who sell the products to their customers,
take title to the products and assume all risks of ownership at time of shipment. Our stocking distributors and private label
customers are obligated to pay within specified terms regardless of when, if ever, they sell the products. Our policy is to classify
shipping and handling costs billed to customers as an offset to total shipping expense in the statement of operations, primarily
within sales and marketing. In general, our customers do not have any rights of return or exchange.  

We
believe our product revenue will increase due to our sales and marketing efforts and as we continue to introduce new products
into the market. We expect that our product revenue will continue to be primarily attributable to sales of our products in the
United States.  

Cost
of Revenue   

The
expenses that are included in cost of revenue include all direct product costs if we obtained the product from third-party manufacturers
and our in-house manufacturing costs for the products we manufacture. We obtain our non-silicon nitride products, including our
metal products, from third-party manufacturers, while we currently manufacture our silicon-nitride products in-house.  

Specific
provisions for excess or obsolete inventory are also included in cost of revenue. In addition, we pay royalties attributable to
the sale of specific products to some of our surgeon advisors that assisted us in the design, regulatory clearance or commercialization
of a particular product. These payments are recorded as cost of revenue.  

Gross
Profit   

Our
gross profit measures our product revenue relative to our cost of revenue. We expect our gross profit to decrease as we expand
the penetration of our silicon nitride technology platform through OEM and private label partnerships.  

Research
and Development Expenses    

Our
research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist of engineering, product development,
clinical trials, test-part manufacturing, testing, developing and validating the manufacturing process, manufacturing, facility
and regulatory-related costs. Research and development expenses also include employee compensation, employee and non-employee
stock-based compensation, supplies and materials, consultant services, and travel and facilities expenses related to research
activities. To the extent that certain research and development expenses are directly related to our manufactured products, such
expenses and related overhead costs are allocated to inventory.  

We
expect to incur additional research and development costs as we continue to develop new spinal fusion products, our product candidates
for total joint replacements, such as our total hip replacement product candidate, and dental applications which, may increase
our total research and development expenses.  

Sales
and Marketing Expenses    

Sales
and marketing expenses consist of salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel
employed in sales, marketing, medical education and training. In addition, our sales and marketing expenses include commissions
and bonuses, generally based on a percentage of sales, to our sales managers and independent sales distributors. We provide our
products in kits or banks that consist of a range of device sizes and separate instruments sets necessary to perform the surgical
procedure. We generally consign our instruments to our distributors or our hospital customers that purchase the device used in
spinal fusion surgery. Our sales and marketing expenses include depreciation of the surgical instruments.  

We
expect our sales and marketing expenses will rise slightly due to the implementation of the sales strategy during the third quarter.
Additionally, we expect our commissions to increase in absolute terms over time but remain approximately the same or decrease
as a percentage of product revenue.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

General
and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation
for certain members of our executive team and other personnel employed in finance, legal, compliance, administrative, information
technology, customer service, executive and human resource departments. General and administrative expenses include allocated
facility expenses, related travel expenses and professional fees for accounting and legal services.  

We
expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to decline as we continue to manage costs closely and look for opportunities
to make improvements.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS    

The
following is a tabular presentation of our condensed consolidated operating results for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 ( in thousands ):  

Condensed
Statement of Operations   

Product
Revenue    

The
following table sets forth our product revenue from sales of the indicated product category for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

Product
Category Revenue   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, total product revenue was $3.4 million as compared to $4.8 million in the same period
2015, a decrease of $1.4 million, or 30%. This decrease was due to lower private label sales during the quarter and weaker than
expected commercial sales as we continue to implement our commercial sales expansion strategy. The decrease in revenue for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was also attributable, in part, to continued market pricing pressure and hospital vendor
consolidation.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total product revenue was $11.6 million as compared to $14.4 million in the same period
2015, a decrease of $2.8 million, or 19%. This decrease was due to lower private label sales during the quarter and weaker than
expected commercial sales as we continue to implement our commercial sales expansion strategy. The decrease in revenue for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was also attributable, in part, to continued market pricing pressure and hospital vendor
consolidation.  

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our product revenue by geographic area (in thousands):  

Revenue
by geographic area   

International
revenue decreased $0.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily
as a result of decreased sales of our silicon nitride products in Brazil and Europe.  

International
revenue increased $0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily
as a result of increased sales of our silicon nitride products in Brazil and Europe.  

Cost
of Revenue and Gross Profit   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of revenue decreased $0.9 million, or 53%, as compared to the same period
in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the decline in sales and the moratorium on the medical device excise tax. Furthermore,
there was minimal private label revenue which resulted in increased gross profit during the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the same period in 2015.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cost of revenue decreased $1.9 million, or 41%, as compared to the same period in
2015. The decrease was primarily due to the decline in sales and the moratorium on the medical device excise tax in addition to
receiving a refund for the medical device excise tax. Furthermore, there was minimal private label revenue which resulted in increased
gross profit during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  

Research
and Development Expenses    

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, research and development expenses decreased $0.1 million, or 6%, as compared to the
same period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.2 million decrease in personnel related expenses and an
increase of $0.1 million in consulting and market study related expenses.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, research and development expenses decreased $0.3 million, or 6%, as compared to the
same period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.9 million decrease in personnel related expenses and a $0.2
million decrease of stock compensation expense. These improvements were offset by an increase of $0.4 million in consulting and
market study related expenses and a $0.4 million increase in overhead expenses that could not be capitalized to inventory due
to lower production rates.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased $0.5 million, or 34%, as compared to
the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to a $0.6 million increase in legal expense which was offset
by a decrease in personnel related expenses of $0.1 million.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses remain relatively unchanged in total as compared
to the same period in 2015. There was a decrease of $0.4 million in personnel related expenses, a decrease of $0.3 million in
stock compensation expense, and a decrease of $0.1 million in franchise taxes. These improvements were offset by an increase
of $0.6 million in legal expenses and an increase of $0.2 million in investor relation expenses.  

Sales
and Marketing Expenses    

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expenses decreased $0.6 million, or 20%, as compared to the same
period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.1 million decrease in personnel related expenses and a decrease
of $0.5 million in commissions due to lower sales.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expenses decreased $1.9 million, or 20%, as compared to the same
period in 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.6 million decrease in personnel related expenses, a decrease
of $0.1 million of stock compensation expense, and a decrease of $1.2 million in commissions due to lower sales.  

Other
Income (Expense), Net    

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, other expense decreased $6.2 million, or 85%, as compared to the same period in 2015.
This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of $0.4 million in interest expense, a decrease of $9.5 million in the loss on the
issuance of warrants associated with the Ladenburg offering in September 2015 and a decrease of $0.8 million in offering costs
during the same period in 2015. These improvements were offset by an increase of $1.7 million in the change in fair value of derivative
liabilities and a decrease of $2.8 million in the gain on extinguishment of debt.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, other expense decreased $7.4 million, or 62%, as compared to the same period in 2015.
This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of $9.5 million in the loss on the issuance of warrants associated with the Ladenburg
offering in September 2015, a decrease of $0.8 million in offering costs, and a decrease of $0.7 million in the change in fair
value of derivative liabilities during the same period in 2015. These improvements were offset by an increase of $0.6 million
in interest expense, and a decrease of $3.0 million in the gain on extinguishment of debt.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred a net loss of $12.8 million and $21.5 million, respectively, and
used cash in operations of $5.3 million and $7.1 million, respectively. We have an accumulated deficit of $209.3 million as of
September 30, 2016. To date, our operations have been principally financed from proceeds from the issuance of convertible preferred
stock and common stock, convertible debt and bank debt and, to a lesser extent, cash generated from product sales. As of September
30, 2016, we had approximately $10.6 million in cash and cash equivalents.  

We
will need to, from time-to-time, seek additional financing through the issuance of common stock and/or debt, to satisfy our debt
obligations and financial covenants, meet our working capital requirements, make continued investment in research and development
and make capital expenditures needed for us to maintain and expand our business. We anticipate that our current financial resources
will enable us to maintain compliance with the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan into the second
quarter of 2017. To maintain compliance with the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan past that
time, we will need to obtain additional funding. If we are unable to access additional funds prior to becoming non-compliant with
the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan, the entire remaining balance of the debt under the Hercules
Term Loan could become immediately due and payable at the option of Hercules Technology. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. It is also possible that we may allocate significant amounts of capital toward
solutions or technologies for which market demand is lower than anticipated and, as a result, abandon such efforts. If we are
unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, or if we expend capital on projects
that are not successful, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be
significantly limited, or we may even have to scale back our operations. If we raise additional funds through further issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities
we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock  

Going
Concern    

Our
ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if not achieved on a timely basis, will materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. These uncertainties create substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern in their report on our annual financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015. The financial information throughout this quarterly report have been prepared on a basis which assumes that
we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. This financial information and statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Cash
Flows    

The
following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands):  

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities    

Net
cash used in operating activities decreased $1.8 million to $5.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from
$7.1 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash used in operating activities during 2016 was primarily due to a
decrease in accounts receivable of $1.3 million, an increase in accounts payable and prepaid expenses of $1.4 million, a decrease
in cash provided by inventory of $0.7 million, and an increase of $0.2 million in operational expenditures.  

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities    

Net
cash used in investing activities decreased $0.1 million to $0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from
$0.5 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash used in investing activities during 2016 was primarily due to a
decrease in purchases of instrumentation.  

Net
Cash Used in Financing Activities    

Net
cash from financing activities was $4.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.6 million during
the same period in 2015. This increase in net cash from financing activities in 2016 was primarily attributable to an increase
of $7.3 million in net proceeds received from offerings, a decrease of $0.8 million in debt extinguishment payments, and an increase
of $3.8 million in principal payments made on our notes payable.  

Indebtedness

Hercules
Term Loan   

On
June 30, 2014, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules which provided the Company with a $20 million term
loan. The Hercules Term Loan matures on January 1, 2018. The Hercules Term Loan included a $200,000 closing fee, which was paid
to Hercules on the closing date of the loan. The closing fee was recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized to interest
expense over the life of the loan. The Hercules Term Loan also includes a non-refundable final payment fee of $1.7 million. The
final payment fee is being accrued and recorded to interest expense over the life of the loan. The Hercules Term Loan bears interest
at the rate of the greater of either (i) the prime rate plus 9.2%, and (ii) 12.5%, which was 12.7% at September 30, 2016. Interest
accrues from the closing date of the loan and interest payments are due monthly. Principal payments commenced August 1, 2015 and
are currently being made in 30 equal monthly installments of approximately $500,000, with the remainder due at maturity. Our obligations
to Hercules are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets, including intellectual property.
The Hercules Term Loan contains certain covenants related to restrictions on payments to certain Company affiliates and financial
reporting requirements.  

On
September 8, 2015, we entered into a Consent and First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules. The Amendment modified
the liquidity covenant to reduce the minimum cash balance required by $500,000 for every $1.0 million paid in principal to a minimum
of $2.5 million. The minimum cash and cash equivalents balance required to maintain compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant
at September 30, 2016 was $3.5 million. We anticipate that our current financial resources will enable us to maintain compliance
with the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan into the second quarter of 2017. To maintain compliance
with the financial and liquidity covenants related to the Hercules Term Loan past that date we will need to restructure the note
or obtain additional funding.  

Hercules
sold $3.0 million in principal of its term loan to Riverside during April 2016 which is discussed further below. The Hercules
principal balance as of September 30, 2016 was $9.0.  

Hercules
and Riverside Debt Assignment   

In
April 2016, we entered into an Assignment Agreement with Riverside, and Hercules, pursuant to which Hercules sold $3.0 million
of the principal amount outstanding under the Hercules Term Loan to Riverside. For a more detailed description of the Assignment
Agreement refer to Note 7 in the consolidated financial statements of this Report.  

Riverside
Debt   

On
April 4, 2016, we entered into an exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Riverside, pursuant to which
the Company agreed to exchange $1.0 million of the principal amount outstanding under the Hercules Term Loan held by Riverside
for a subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the  First Exchange Note )
and a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock at a fixed exercise price of $1.63 per share (the  First Exchange
Warrant ) (the  Exchange ). All principal under the Exchange Notes is convertible into shares of common stock
at the election of the Holder at any time at a fixed conversion price of $1.43 per share (the  Conversion Price ).  

In
addition, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement, the Company and Riverside had the option to exchange
an additional $2.0 million of the principal amount of the Hercules Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of up to $2.0 million and an additional warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock (the  Second
Exchange Warrant ). The Exchange Agreement also provided that if the volume-weighted average price of our common stock was
less than the Conversion Price, we would issue up to an additional 150,000 shares of common stock (the  True-Up Shares )
to Riverside, which was subsequently reduced to 140,000 shares of common stock.  

On
April 18, 2016, the Company and Riverside exercised their option to exchange an additional $1.0 million of the principal amount
of the Hercules Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the
 Second Exchange Note ). Additionally, on April 28, 2016, the Company and Riverside exercised their option to exchange
an additional $1.0 million of the principal amount of the Term Loan for an additional subordinated convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of $1.0 million (the  Third Exchange Note ) and an additional warrant to purchase 100,000
shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed exercise price of $1.66 per share. The First Exchange Note, the Second Exchange
Note and the Third Exchange Note are collectively referred to herein as the  Exchange Notes.   

Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Notes, since the volume-weighted average price of our common stock was less than the Conversion Price
on May 6, 2016, we issued an additional 140,000 shares of common stock to Riverside.  

All
principal outstanding under each of the Exchange Notes was to be due on April 3, 2018 (the  Maturity Date ). Each
of the Exchange Notes bears interest at a rate of 6% per annum, with the interest that would accrue on the initial principal amount
of the Exchange Notes during the first 12 months being guaranteed and deemed earned as of the date of issuance. Prior to the Maturity
Date, all interest accrued under the Exchange Notes is payable in cash or, if certain conditions are met, payable in shares of
common stock at the Company s option, at a conversion price of $1.34 per share. As of June 30, 2016, the entire principal
amount of the First and Second Exchange Notes, $300,000 of the Third Exchange Note, and the interest related to the First, Second,
and Third Exchange Notes has been converted into 1,742,718 shares of common stock leaving. In July 2016, we paid Riverside $840,000
to redeem in full the remaining principal balance of the Third Exchange Note.  

Magna
Note   

We
paid Magna $888,000 in July 2016 to redeem in full the remaining principal balance and interest related to the Magna Note.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in  Item  303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates    

A
summary of our significant accounting policies and estimates is discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to those policies during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities. Significant areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include the accounting for income
taxes and other contingencies as well as valuation of derivative liabilities, asset impairment and collectability of accounts
receivable. We use historical and other information that we consider to be relevant to make these judgments and estimates. However,
actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare our financial statements.  

New
Accounting Pronouncements   

See
discussion under Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for information on new accounting pronouncements.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

This
Report includes the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. This Item 4 includes information
concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications.  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

Our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal
Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

In
connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II    

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

On
April 1, 2016, Hampshire MedTech Partners II, GP ( Hampshire GP ) filed suit against us in the Travis County, Texas
200th Judicial District Court relating to a Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued by us to Hampshire MedTech Partners
II, LP ( Hampshire LP ) on November 6, 2014 (the  Warrant ). Hampshire GP alleges that as a result of
a subsequent financing we breached the anti-dilution provision of the Warrant by failing to increase the number of shares subject
to the Warrant as well as failing to reduce the exercise price of the Warrant. Hampshire GP seeks damages in excess of $1,000,000.
We answered Hampshire GP s complaint on July 6, 2016 and denied the material allegations.  

We
are not aware of any other pending or threatened legal proceeding against us that could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results or financial condition. The medical device industry is characterized by frequent claims and litigation,
including claims regarding patent and other intellectual property rights as well as improper hiring practices. As a result, we
may be involved in various additional legal proceedings from time to time.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities    

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION    

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS    

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Exhibit
    Description   
         
        Filed   
           Herewith    
         
        Incorporated   
           by
        Reference   
           herein
        from   
           Form
        or   
           Schedule    
         
       Filing
    Date   
         
        SEC
        File/   
           Reg.
        Number     

10.1  
         
      Warrant
    Agency Agreement, dated July 8, 2016, by and between Amedica Corporation and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company,
    LLC  

Form
    8-K  
         
      07/08/2016  
         
      001-33624   

31.1  
         
      Certificate
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
       X  

31.2  
         
      Certificate
    of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      X  

32  
         
      Certifications
    of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      X  

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document  
         
      X  

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
         
      X  

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
         
      X  

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
         
      X  

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
         
      X  

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
         
      X  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

AMEDICA
    CORPORATION   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    B. Sonny Bal    

B.
    Sonny Bal   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

I,
B. Sonny Bal, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Amedica Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    B. Sonny Bal    

B.
    Sonny Bal   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

I,
B. Sonny Bal, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Amedica Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    B. Sonny Bal    

B.
    Sonny Bal   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 906   

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), each of the undersigned officers of Amedica Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby
certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:  

The
quarterly report for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form
10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    B. Sonny Bal    

B.
    Sonny Bal   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    B. Sonny Bal    

B.
    Sonny Bal   

Principal Financial  Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 amda-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 amda-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 amda-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 amda-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 amda-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 amda-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

